here's how we manage and use your data.
1 We take protecting your privacy seriously, and we want you to understand exactly how and why we use your information. This document is our Privacy Policy, which describes what information we collect and what it's used for. It applies to all interactions with reddit.com, including interactions with our site through buttons and widgets. It also applies to reddit.tv and mobile applications produced by reddit. However, redditgifts has its own privacy policies and terms of use.
2 Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Your use of and/or registration with reddit will constitute your agreement to our policy. If you cannot agree to the terms and conditions set forth below, please do not use our services. Additionally, our Privacy Policy is part of our User Agreement , and by using reddit you agree to both.
3 reddit is an open platform that allows you to communicate about anything you want on any topic you want. We collect some information in order for you to have an account you can use to participate on the site, and other information that is necessary to make the service work. Our goal in developing our privacy practices is to allow your participation to remain as anonymous as you choose, and we don’t sell or profit from the information you share with us.
4 We do take efforts to make sure the platform keeps working. This includes using your information, where necessary, to stop spam and gaming and other activities that violate the user agreement. We also share your information when we are legally required to do so. Please read this privacy policy carefully. It describes what information we collect, how it is used, and when it is shared so you can make smart decisions about how you use reddit! We think it strikes a good balance and respects you – our users – who make this whole thing possible. Let us know what you think.
6 The posts and comments you make on reddit are not private, even if made to a subreddit not readily accessible to the public. This means that, by default, they are not deleted from our servers – ever – and will still be accessible after your account is deleted. However, we only save the most recent version of comments and posts, so your previous edits, once overwritten, are no longer available.
7 Your messages are generally only viewable by the parties involved, but they may be accessed internally as needed for community support. Moreover, we keep a complete log of all messages sent on our service, even when both parties later delete their accounts.
8 reddit stores the IP addresses associated with specific posts, comments, and private messages for 90 days after they are made or sent.
14 This means that we will only share your personal data with your consent, and after letting you know what information will be shared and with whom, unless it is otherwise permitted in this policy. While advertisers may target their ads to the topic of a given subreddit or based on your IP address, we do not sell or otherwise give access to any information collected about our users to any third party.
15 Anonymous, aggregated information that cannot be linked back to an individual user may be made available to third parties.
16 We may disclose – or preserve for future disclosure – your information if we believe, after due consideration, that doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or valid legal process. If we are going to release your information, we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance via reddit's private messaging system unless we are prohibited by court order from doing so (e.g., an order under 18 U.S.C. § 2705(b)). We reserve the right to delay notice to users in cases involving the exploitation of minors and when we believe a delay is necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person.
20 If you are logged out, reddit will place a simple cookie to remember if you indicate you would like to view over 18 content, or if you set a language preference. Additionally, if you vote an advertisement up or down, our third-party advertising partner, Adzerk, will set a cookie to remember your ad preferences.
21 reddit.tv will place a simple cookie to remember your channel choices, which includes the subreddits you choose as channels and how they are arranged, and your playback preferences including vote sort, autoplay, shuffle, NSFW/SFW, and whether annotations will be visible.
23 We use a tool called Google Analytics to help us understand how users interact with our website. It tells us aggregate usage and traffic information, such as how the site was accessed, how long visitors stayed, and the number of first-time visitors to the site.  To learn more about Google Analytics and how it uses your data, please visit http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html .
24 We also place our own session cookie, which contains the date the cookie was set and a unique identifier. This data is anonymized, never associated with your reddit account (whether you are logged-in or not), and follows the requirements laid out in the What Information We Collect section of this policy. By knowing how people use the site, we can make it better.
28 We partner with Adzerk to show our users third party banner ads and to provide self-serve, or “sponsored headline,” ads you see near the top of reddit pages.
29 Some cookies may be placed during the provision of this service pursuant to Adzerk's privacy policy .
30 To make our ads relevant to you, Adzerk receives information about the page the ad will appear on. This information includes the subreddits used to generate that page (which may include your subscriptions), as well as your IP address from which your general location (your country or city area) can be inferred. Keep in mind that when you comment and interact with a sponsored headline, others who view that same ad may be able to infer basic information about the location of your computer (since some ads – like for a music venue in San Francisco – are only seen in some geographies).
35 reddit is a San Francisco, California-based company whose servers are housed in the United States. All personal information we collect from our international users is transferred to the United States and processed according to US law.
36 reddit complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. reddit has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view reddit's certification, please visit http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
37 In compliance with the Safe Harbor Principles, reddit commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact us .
38 reddit has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Safe Harbor Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed reddit, please visit the BBB EU SAFE HARBOR web site at www.bbb.org/us/safe-harbor-complaints for more information and to file a complaint.
44 To understand who clicks our mobile ads and to avoid showing you the same ad over and over again, we share your device's unique advertising identifier, its IP address, and a list of subreddits used to generate a particular page for you (which may include your subscriptions) with our ad partners, who decide which ads to display for you.
45 We do not associate your device’s unique advertising identifier with your user account, even if you are signed in on an app.
Notifications
48 If you enable app notifications, you can choose to receive timely updates about things like new private messages, interactions with your comments, and more.
Deleting an app
49 If you delete a reddit app from your mobile device, any app-specific information stored on your device will be deleted from your device. If you have backed up your device’s apps, reddit app information may continue to exist where you have backed it up. Any information collected by a reddit app while you are signed in to your reddit account is retained as described in the What Information We Collect section of this policy.
Social media
50 A reddit app may also allow you to post to social media, including Facebook or Twitter, but reddit will not connect to the servers of those services, share information with those services, or post on your behalf. We want to make it easier for you to share your favorite reddit content elsewhere, but we want you to control when and how that occurs.
REDDIT and the ALIEN Logo are registered trademarks of reddit inc.
