Ctrip Privacy Policy
Ctrip.com is owned and operated by Ctrip Computer Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd ("Ctrip"). The following Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, and otherwise process personally identifiable information that we collect about individuals ("Personal Data") in connection with the services available from Ctrip through the web site located at www.Ctrip.com ("Site"). By visiting the Site, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. All data that we collect and process is stored on servers located in Hong Kong, a country that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction.
On occasion Ctrip may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our Personal Data collection and use practices, the features of our Site, or advances in technology. If we make revisions that change the way we collect or use your Personal Data, those changes will be posted in this Privacy Policy and the effective date will be noted at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are up to date on our most current policies and practices. Ctrip will also prominently post such material changes prior to implementing the change.
Information we collect
We collect Personal Data about you that you provide to us while using the Site. Personal Data may include your name, address, phone number, credit card number or e-mail address. We also collect non-personally identifiable information, which may be linked to your Personal Data, including your log-in name, IP address and password, and search preferences related to specific searches.
Protecting your Personal Data
To prevent unauthorized access, we maintain reasonable physical, electronic and organizational procedures to protect Personal Data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, or unauthorized disclosure or access. To protect credit card transactions, Ctrip.com currently uses Secure Socket Layer technology to encrypt credit card information during transit.
How we use the information we collect
We use Personal Data and other information collected through the Site to register you with the Site and our Ctrip Rewards program, to provide you with the requested products and services, to build features that will make the services available on the Site easier to use, and to contact you about these services. This includes faster purchase requests, better customer support and timely notice of new services and special offers. From time to time, Ctrip may contact you to request feedback on your experience using the Site, to assist us in improving the Site, or to offer special savings or promotions to you as a Site user, where you have indicated your consent to receiving such communications. If you would prefer not to receive notices of special savings or promotions, you may simply opt-out from receiving them by replying to Ctrip using the hyperlink provided in these notices.
Sharing your Personal Data
Ctrip may share your Personal Data with third parties we employ to perform services on our behalf, to market our products and services, to handle credit card transactions and to otherwise provide you with customer service. All such third parties will be under an obligation to maintain the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data, and to process the Personal Data only in accordance with our instructions.
In some cases, Ctrip may require that you transact directly with a third party to obtain services, or when you use the Site to reserve a hotel room or obtain another product or service, we may provide your Personal Data to that hotel or other involved third party.
Ctrip may disclose Personal Data to protect ourselves against liability, to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, legitimate requests by law enforcement officials, or as otherwise required in order to comply with applicable law, or to the purchasers in connection with any sale, assignment, or other transfer of all or a part of our business or company. We may also disclose Personal Data to enforce or apply the terms and conditions applicable to our products and services, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Ctrip, our users, or others.
In the situations described above, the recipient of the Personal Data may be located in a jurisdiction that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection to the laws in your home jurisdiction.
Our policy concerning cookies
To serve you faster and with better quality, we use "cookie" technology on our Site. Cookies are small bits of code, usually stored on a user's computer hard drive, which enable a web site to "personalize" itself for each user by remembering information about the user's visit to the web site. Cookies can store a variety of information, including IP addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times, user preferences, and e-mail addresses and passwords needed to access the Site. The "Help" section of the toolbar on most Internet browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies or how to configure your browser to reject cookies altogether. If you disable cookies, you might not be able to access important functions or features of this Site and your use of the Site may be limited. The cookies used on this Site are associated with a user's Personal Data.
How you can access or change your personally-identifying information
If you wish to update any Personal Data you have previously provided, or to exercise any right of access, rectification, deletion, or opposition to the processing of your Personal Data that you may have under applicable law, please email us e_service@ctrip.com . To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your Personal Data. Any request to access your Personal Data will be answered in less than 30 days.
