Expedia Group Media Solutions Privacy Policy
The following policy applies to all websites operated by Expedia Group Media Solutions, including  advertising.expedia.com  and the TravelAds website at searchsolutions.expedia.com .  Please read the following policy to learn about our privacy practices. By visiting these Web sites, you are accepting the practices described herein.
What information we collect from you
In General.  We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), such as your first and last name, telephone number, email addresses and information about your company.
How we use your information
We may use this information to contact you with email messages that contain information relevant to your company’s advertising needs based on your site visitation behavior, and will use your email address as part of the TravelAds website’s log-in process. 
With whom we share your information
We may share your information with the following entities:
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including operation of the website, business analytics, marketing, distribution of surveys and management of products.  We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including as necessary to operate features of our website.  Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
Companies within our corporate family.  We may share your personal information with our parent company and corporate affiliates, including Expedia, Hotels.com, Hotwire, and Travelocity.  To the extent that our parent company and corporate affiliates have access to your information, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
We also may share your information:
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; or to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our company, our customers, or others.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Other than as set out above, you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information.
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.
Cookies and other technologies
Automatic Information. We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website.  For example, we will collect your IP address, Web browser software (such as Firefox, Safari or Chrome), referring website and device used. We also may collect information about your online activity such as pages viewed.
Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer's hard drive (if your Web browser permits). This website uses cookies for the following general purposes:
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor and save and remember any data that you may have previously provided when visiting our site. For example, if you completed a webform on our site, we may use cookies to remember the data you previously provided, so you do not need to re-enter information.
To help measure and research the effectiveness of website features and offerings,as well as email communications.
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
This site may also use Web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or Web bugs), which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are placed in the code of a Web page. We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, and to improve site performance. We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings.
Do-Not-Track Signals and Similar Mechanisms. Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites with which the browser communicates. Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. Participants in the leading Internet standards-setting organization that is addressing this issue are in the process of determining what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals. Expedia currently does not take action in response to these signals. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we will reassess how to respond to these signals.
Children's privacy
This is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to children. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.
External links
If any part of this website links you to other Web sites, those Web sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend you examine the privacy statements posted on those other Web sites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
Visiting our Web site from outside the United States
If you are visiting our Web site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated.  The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected.  By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy in the future. We will notify you about material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending a notice to the e-mail address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our Web site.
How you can contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at through the “Contact Us” link on this website.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of August 18, 2015.  
© 2018 Expedia, Inc. All rights reserved.
