Bespoke - Our premium service
Legal basis for processing
“Metro Imaging Ltd”  is the controller/processor of your personal data and responsible for complying with applicable data protection laws.
Where we collect and use your personal data for the purposes described below, we do so on the legal basis that either (1) the collection and use is necessary for the performance of a contract between us, or (2) you have given your consent to such use, or (3) it is in our legitimate interests to use your data for these purposes and this does not cause you harm or prejudice.
Personal data we may collect about you
Your contact details – such as name, gender, date of birth, billing/delivery address, email, telephone, mobile phone. We obtain this information directly from you (e.g. when you sign up to receive our newsletter or become a registered user of our products or services).
Your registered user details and history – such as username, password, details of products or services purchased, usage history, usage data. We obtain this information directly from you (e.g. when you become a registered user) and from your use of our products and services.
Your activities on Metro Group websites – such as how many times you visit a site, which pages you go to, traffic data, location data and the originating domain name of your internet service provider (obtained through the use of cookies on this site – see further the paragraph  “How we use cookies”).
 How we use cookies
We use cookies when you visit our website. A cookie is a small text file which is placed in your device browser when you access our website.
We use the following types of cookies:
Google  analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyse how our customers use the site and to improve its functionality and your browsing experience
Google advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you.
Shopping Basket – these cookies allow us to take and fulfill your online order.
We obtain your consent to the use cookies on this website via the cookie consent notice on our website. If you use this website after the cookie consent notice has been displayed to you, we will take this as an indication that you consent to our use of cookies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
How to disable cookies
If you do not want to accept cookies, you can change your browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. More information about cookies, including how to block, delete or disable them, can be found at AboutCookies.org .
Marketing
How do we collect your data for marketing communications?
We do this when you choose to subscribe to our Metro Imaging general newsletter via our websites (Metro Imaging, Metro Print, and Metro Framing) or social media sign-up forms; if you are a student, when you register for the Metro Student Photo Award; or when you participate in any other promotional event and register via Eventbrite or the visitors book.
We protect and treat your data with care, and we will only store it with your consent. In the same way, we would not share your data with any third parties other than the email provider we use.
Why do we collect your data?
We want to share our big news with you all, and keep you informed about all of our updates:
Product & services updates
Exhibitions, events & photo competitions
However, you’re in control: if you change your mind at any time, you can unsubscribe to our email communications by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email you receive from us, or by emailing dataprivacy@metroimaging.co.uk .
Emails that we send to you for marketing purposes may be tracked to ensure that the messages have been received. We do not track non-marketing emails.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Third Party Links:
Links on our site that belong to third parties may be found. These websites have their own Privacy Policy, which you agree to when you link to the site. You should read this third party policy. We do not accept claims of liability or responsibility in any way for these policies or links, as we have no way to control the third party sites.
What we do with the information we gather:
We may use your personal data for any of the following purposes:
Providing products and services to you – including account administration and management, order fulfillment, facilitating with delivery services, managing customer relations, billing and payment administration, fraud detection and prevention, providing customer support, handling complaints and enquiries.
We may share your details with third parties as listed below.
Examples of the kind of third parties we work with are:
Delivery services
IT companies who support our business systems.
Trustpilot so that you can review us and help us improve our service to you.
Mailchimp newsletter provider.
We will not sell your personal information to third parties.
Your rights
You have the right to:
Access your data – you have the right to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you. We will require the request to be in writing, to the address below, accompanied by proof of identity. This will ensure we only provide data to the correct person.
Withdraw your consent to direct marketing – you can exercise your right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any email we have sent you.
If you think any of the personal data we hold about you is inaccurate, you can ask us to correct it. Simply contact us and include your name, address and/or email address to help us ensure we accept amendments only from you.
Where we have no lawful reason for holding onto your personal data you are may ask us to delete it.
Contact us
We welcome any queries you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us
Contact Metro Imaging’s data protection officer at dataprivacy@metroimaging.co.uk
General contact email: enquiries@metroimaging.co.uk
Corporate address: Metro Imaging Ltd, 32 Great Sutton Street, London, EC1V 0NB
Switchboard: 020 7865 0000
Changes to this Policy
 
Sign up for our newsletter
Sign up to our Newsletter for the latest on exhibitions, events, photo competitions, discounts and promotions!
Student?  (check box for student offers and discounts)
Leave this field empty if you're human:
