_______________________________________________________________________________
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of NBCUniversal Media LLC including our affiliate companies (“NBCUniversal”, “we”, “our” or “us”).  You can find information about NBCUniversal, including our affiliates,  here .
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and transfer information about users who interact with us including (but not limited to) via our websites, downloadable applications, such as games, interactive TV and Mobile Apps (as defined below) that link to this policy (“online services”).  This policy only applies to those online services that link to this policy. This policy also tells you how we use tracking technologies, cookies and browsing data we collect from your use of our online services, the measures we take to protect the security of the information you provide to us through our online services, and how you can contact us if you have any questions regarding our online services (including if you want to unsubscribe from our services or update your contact details). Information about how NBCUniversal processes your information outside our online services (e.g. working for NBCUniversal or visiting NBCUniversal premises) is available by contacting  privacy@nbcuni.com . 
1. SCOPE AND CONSENT
When you use our online services, you are contracting with NBCUniversal.  If you reside outside of the United States, NBCUniversal is your data controller.  By using our online services, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your information relating to you including  personal information  as described in this Privacy Policy.
2. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Our goal is to collect and use information to deliver effective and personalized services, which take your interests and preferences into account, as well as for our legitimate business needs and interests.
We receive two main types of information about users of our online services:
·       Information that identifies you: this is commonly referred to as “personal information” and includes, for example, information that you provide to us such as your name, home address, age, gender, telephone number, email address, payment information (including your credit card number), and/or photos or video footage of you; and
·       Information that relates to you, but on its own does not identify you: such as information about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our online services, and information relating to your usage of those services.
The main categories of information we or our partners, which include NBCUniversal affiliates, third party service providers, advertisers, distribution or other partners (“Partners”)
collect about our online services users include (but are not limited to) the following:
·       Your Account: you may be asked to create an account and profile (your “Account”) when you are using the online services. When you create your Account, you may provide us with personal information, including your name, telephone number or email address, age, gender, or interests.  When you create your Account, you are identifying yourself to us.  We may associate information we have collected from you prior to the creation of your Account with your Account profile to help provide you with a personalized and seamless experience.  Going forward, when you log-in to the online services on any device or browser, we will associate your activities on the online services on that device or browser with your Account (including the categories of data listed below).  You can update your Account information online. If you would like us to delete your Account, and the information associated with it, please contact us via the contact us page: www.nbc.com/contact-us.
·       Other Contact Information:  we or our Partners may also collect: your name, telephone number or email address if you have subscribed to a service; your delivery address if you buy a product or service through an online service; and your age, location, or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstakes offered through our online services.
·       Transaction information: when you order products or services through our online services, you may provide information such as your credit/debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction.
·       Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums: including your username, images, or videos.  Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums, as information posted to these portions of our online services is public information.
·       Information about your equipment and about your interactions with the NBCUniversal and other online services: for example, your Internet protocol or IP address; pages, content, or advertising that you visit within online services (including online services not provided by NBCUniversal); or the type and version of your device’s operating system or web browser, your device ID, game and platform preferences (including information about the games and hardware you own), Steam ID, PlayStation Network ID, Games for Windows LIVE ID, Xbox Live Gamertag, game play statistics, game achievements, game scores, game replays,  and in some instances, your device’s location. We may associate this information with your Account when you are logged-in so that we can identify you. If you log-in to your Account on multiple devices or browsers, we will associate the information across all of your devices or browsers with your Account.
·       Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data:  if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in (for example, a Facebook “like” button) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile (such as your name, email address, your friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, and the people/sites you follow ). If you don’t want a social network to collect the information about you as described above, or you don’t want a social network to share it with us and other third parties, please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services.
·       Information that is collected from Consumer Data Resellers: we may collect information about you from consumer data resellers, including but not limited to, demographic and other generally available information, or advertiser information, including purchasing data and membership in loyalty programs.
·       Information About Your Video Viewing Behavior: information about your video viewing behavior on our online services (e.g., content viewed and information about the advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on, etc.).
3. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION
The methods we or our Partners may use to collect information about you are as follows:
·       Directly from you, when you provide it to us: for example, when you request products or services from us, when you register with us, respond to surveys, apply for a job, contact us or otherwise interact with us. Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in, they may share information with us as if they were you, and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us.  To protect your privacy, please log out from our online services that you access from public or shared devices.
·     Automatically, when you use our online services: information collected through the use of Cookies and Other Technologies, and when you download our Mobile Apps.  The types of automatically collected information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, mobile network, device identifiers (such as an Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, browser settings, the web pages of the  online services you have visited, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the online services (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.  Such information may also be collected while you are offline and may be transmitted to us when you next connect to the Internet, regardless of the location where or device through which that connection is established. Please see our  Cookies and Tracking Technologies , and  Mobile Apps  pages for further information, including your choices in relation to the use of these technologies.   
·       From third parties: including social networks, other online services, publicly available records, our service providers, and from consumer data resellers.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We (and our service providers) use information to:
·       provide the online services you have requested;
·       enter you into sweepstakes, contests or promotions where requested;
·       create an online services account if you have requested one;
·       personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some online services (see options for opting out of personalized advertising  here ); facilitate game play, including the public display of user statistics and/or game ranking or to improve your game play experience
·       respond to your inquiries, requests, and comments;
·       allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services, where you choose to do so;
·       provide technical support for our online services;
·       prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including copyright infringement) on our online services;
·       protect the safety of users and others on our online services;
·       enforce our online services’ terms of service;
·       understand how our online services are used so that we can continuously improve them, and the services we provide to you;
·       send you newsletters and information about products, services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with, in accordance with your communication preferences. 
·       send you service-related communications, including announcements and administrative messages;
·       create anonymous and, where legally permissible, personally identifiable user and consumer profiles, and audience segments that can be used by us or by our Partners for targeted advertising and marketing, and subject to legal restrictions (including consent where necessary) we may also use technology (such as Facebook Custom Audiences) to deliver advertising to you on other sites and in Mobile Apps based on the email address or other personal information you provide to us or through the use of information we receive from third parties, including Consumer Data Resellers. Please see  Your Rights and Choices  for further information about how you can control these updates;
·       through the use of cookies and similar technologies, associate information we collect from and about you with the various devices you use to connect to the online services. We or our Partners may use this information to deliver advertising through desktop and mobile applications and browsers, and other internet-connected devices (including smart TVs where applicable) based on information associated with your devices;
·       if you use our online services to send gifts we use the contact information (e.g., email addresses) that you provide to send the gift to your requested recipients, provide other communications relating to those sorts of transactions, as well as any further communications as may be authorized by the recipients; and implement any related social networking features you have activated. 
Note that we may combine all the information we collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes.
5. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Information sharing within NBCUniversal and among NBCUniversal affiliates.
·       Your information may be shared with NBCUniversal affiliates, and used to help us better tailor our services, products and advertising to you.
Information sharing with third parties – e.g. service providers, advertisers, consumer data resellers, social networks:
·       Service providers that we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf: for example service providers who offer services including research and analytics; hosting websites, fulfilling transactions, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing technology services and platforms, and processing payments.  These parties are provided only with the personal information or other information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose that information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf, or to comply with legal requirements. We take steps to ensure that third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information.
·       Social Networks: You may interact with certain features of our online services that cause information to be published to your social networks.  For example, you may click on a Facebook “like” button, which publishes to your Facebook account that you “like” one of our TV shows or movies.  On pages of our online services that contain social network functionality, the social network providing the functionality may be able to collect information about you, even if you don’t use that functionality. For example, if a page within our online services contains a Facebook “like” button, Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page, even if you don’t click on the “like” button. To control this sharing of information, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of it before you use our online services.
·       For Mobile Apps: In  Mobile Apps , your personal information and information about how you use our mobile apps may be shared with technology providers, carriers, analytics providers, and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties. Please see our Mobile Apps  section for additional detail.
·       Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Consumer Data Resellers: Some online services, including Mobile Apps, may be supported with advertising, and collect data to help our online services serve ads.  This helps keep the cost of online services low or free. We work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks and consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you. These third parties may receive information about how you interact with content and advertising provided in our online services. These third parties may view, edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies, which will allow them to collect information about you. For information about your choices relating to the transfer of information via such technologies see our  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  section.
·       Sharing of Video Viewing Behavior:  we may share information (and you agree to this sharing) about the video content you view on our online services with video measurement services such as Nielsen TV Ratings, analytics providers and advertising companies, and third party social media sites. This sharing shall continue for two years or until you withdraw your consent. Information that may be passed to video measurement services such as Nielsen TV Ratings, analytics providers and advertising companies may be via cookies and tracking technologies. For information about your choices relating to transfer of information via such technologies see  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  section. To opt out of video measurement services by Nielsen TV Ratings specifically please click  here
·       Our Partners.  Some of our Partners are companies with which you have already shared your personal information. We may share information about how you use the online services with these third parties in order to help them better understand how you use the online services, and enhance their understanding about you so that they can better personalize your experiences with them and the offers they send you.  Sometimes, we may associate cookies with the Information, including de-identified, “hashed,” or anonymous versions of Information you have provided (such as during registration), in order to send or help our Partners send ads and offers based on your presumed interests or demographic information. 
Information sharing with other parties:
In addition, we may disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, and content protection organizations to:
·       Protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and that of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents, contractors, or other individuals;
·       Protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties;
·       Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes;
·       Respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement, or public authorities;
·       Permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain;
·       Comply with the law including with subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, and other legal process; or
·       Enforce applicable terms of service.
Sale or transfer of all or part of our business or assets
We reserve the right to transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy in the event we sell or transfer all or a part of our business or assets so that the buyer can continue to offer you the online services. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to provide you with reasonable notice of such transfer, or as otherwise required by law. If you do not want your personal information to be processed following such a transfer, you should contact the subsequent owner of the business.
6. CHILDREN
·       Except where otherwise indicated, we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13. Some of our online services may attract an audience that is under the age of 13. For those services, we use an age-gate to make certain features unavailable for use by children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 in connection with those features. Where required, we will provide notice to and obtain verifiable consent from parents or guardians for the collection of personal information from children under 13, and provide parents or guardians the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 has provided us with information without his or her consent, he or she should contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com . As required by law, we will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
·       For certain websites covered by this Privacy Policy and involved in e-commerce, you may only be able to use that site and any related services if you are 18 years of age or older, or the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, whichever is older. If you are under the age of 18 or the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence, you may only use that site and any related services with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian.
California minors under 18 years old may request the removal of any information that they posted to NBCUniversal sites by contacting  privacy@nbcuni.com . Upon such request, NBCUniversal will anonymize, or remove from public view, any content posted by a minor to one of its websites, unless required by law to retain such content or information.
7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
We maintain procedural, technical, and physical safeguards for our online services to help protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the personal information you provide via our online services. We also ask the service providers that help us deliver our online services to do the same. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop, or improve our online services. Unfortunately, no transmission of data is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under our control to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. Therefore, any transmission of personal information to us is made at your own risk. If you believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please notify us using the contact details below.
Usernames & Passwords
It is important that you protect and maintain the security of any account you create and that you notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of any NBCUniversal account.  Do not disclose your password to anyone else.
8. YOUR RIGHTS AND CHOICES
Communication Preferences and Opt-outs
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters or are receiving them from us and you don’t want them anymore, you can unsubscribe. Select the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any message, by other means provided to unsubscribe, or using the contact details below, to unsubscribe from marketing and promotional emails and associated marketing delivered to you on third party services based on your subscription data. However, you cannot unsubscribe from some service related messages.
Mobile Apps
For additional information about your choices in relation to Mobile Apps including information on how to opt out of targeted advertising and video measurement see the  Mobile Apps  section.
Advertising/Cookies and Similar Technologies
For more information about your choices for cookies and similar technology (“Cookies and Tracking Technology”), including where such technology is used to provide targeted or other advertising on our online services, please see our  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  policy.
Access and Correction
In addition to the functionality provided to you via our online services (such as using “account settings” for registered users), where legally required we provide online visitors with access to their personal information and the ability to review, update and correct it.
Some access requests may be subject to a small fee. To help preserve your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information.  Please contact  privacy@nbcuni.com  for more information about exercising these rights.
Data Retention and Deletion
We will retain your data for as long as you use our online services and for a reasonable time thereafter. If you’d like to delete, modify or update the data that you provided via our online services please use the settings on our online services or contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  and we will respond within a reasonable time. Please note that some or all of this data may be required in order for our online services to function properly, and we may be required, by law, to retain certain information.
Opt-out of Video Measurement by Nielsen
To opt out of video measurement services by Nielsen TV Ratings specifically please click  here .
9. WHERE YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE USED
NBCUniversal is based in the United States and may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries and make it accessible to any of our affiliates and third party service providers internationally. Where the transfer of information is to a country that does not provide an adequate level of information protection, NBCUniversal has taken steps to ensure that your personal information receives an appropriate level of protection.
If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect, including personal information, may be transferred to, and processed, stored and used in the United States.  Under United States law, your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in the United States.
By using our online services and providing your personal information to us, you understand and agree that your personal information may be sent to other countries including those which do not provide an equivalent level of information protection as the European Economic Area (EEA).
10. COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
For more information about the use of Cookies and Other Technology on our online services (including your opt-out choices) please see the  Cookies and Tracking Technologies  policy. Through our Cookies and Tracking Technologies policy, we provide opt-out choices.  The effect of an opt-out will be to stop targeted advertising, but it will still allow the collection of usage data for certain purposes (e.g., research, analytics, and internal online services operation purposes).
11. MOBILE APPS
For more information about our information collection and use practices with respect to online services that are mobile applications (“Mobile Apps”) see the  Mobile Apps  policy.
12. APPLYING TO WORK AT NBCUNIVERSAL 
When you apply to work at NBCUniversal your information will be collected and used in accordance with the  Candidate Privacy Statement . 
13. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Legal Department, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.  In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you.  You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response.  Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Do Not Track
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575(b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how NBCUniversal responds to “Do Not Track” browser settings. NBCUniversal does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
14. LINKS TO OTHER ONLINE SERVICES
Our online services may contain links to third party websites/services for your convenience and/or information (for example, to sites which are provided by our third party vendors).  If you access other online services using the links provided, you may leave NBCUniversal’s online services. When you access these other sites, even ones that may contain the NBCUniversal logo, please understand that the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policies and Terms of Use, which may differ from ours. We do not endorse or control the policies or practices of third party websites that we do not control or operate.
You should always carefully read the privacy policy of any website you access in order to understand their specific privacy and information usage practices.
15. UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY 
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use.  If we make material revisions to the way we collect or use your personal information so that we are using it for purposes or sharing data with third parties that you have not consented to, we will provide you with notice of those changes and may do so by either: (1) announcing the change on the home page of our websites or (2) taking other actions as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy online. You agree that we may notify you about material changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a notice on our online services. You should check our online services frequently for updates.
You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” or similar legend at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Internet, accessible through this site. By continuing to use this online service following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue to use our online services.
16. CONTACT US
For any queries or complaints in relation to this Privacy Policy or NBCUniversal’s privacy practices please contact us at   privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Legal Department, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US.
For enquiries from outside of the US please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, Legal Department, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK.
Cookies / Tracking Policy
______________________________________________________________________________
On NBCUniversal online services, we, along with our advertising partners and vendors, use a variety of technologies to learn more about how people use NBCUniversal online services.  You can find out more about these technologies and how to control them in the information below.  This policy forms part of the NBCUniversal Privacy Policy available  here .
Like many companies, we use Cookies, including HTTP Cookies and flash cookies and other tracking technologies on our online services  including, HTML5 and Flash local storage, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers (referred to together from this point forward as “Cookies,” unless otherwise stated). 
We may use Cookies for a variety of purposes, including to enhance your online experience, for example, by remembering your log-in status and viewing preferences from a previous use of an online service, for when you later return to that online service.
Our online services use the following categories of Cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: We may use Cookies required for system administration, to prevent fraudulent activity, improve security or allow you to make use of shopping‑cart functionality.
Analytics and Performance-Related Cookies:  We may use Cookies when you visit our online services, including when you access the online services when you are logged-in to your Account on multiple browsers or devices such as your work computer or your mobile device, to assess the performance of our online services and as part of our analytic practices to improve the content offered through the online services.
Functionality-Related Cookies:  We may use Cookies to tell us, for example, whether you have visited the online services before or if you are a new visitor and to help us identify the features in which you may have the greatest interest.
Targeting-Related Cookies:  If you are logged-in to your Account on any device or service or you are on a third party site and one of our Cookies on your device or browser identifies you, your usage (such as your browsing behavior) and log data (such as your IP address), will be associated with your Account and we may deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our online service and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content.  We have set out further information about the use of Cookies by our Ad Network partners below.
Software Development Kits (“SDKs”).  We may use an SDK with our mobile apps to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information related to how mobile devices interact with our online services. We may use this technology to deliver or help our partners deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device.
Your use of our services indicates your consent to such use of Cookies. For further information about our use of Cookies and your opt-out choices, see “ Your Rights ”. See  here  for examples of each type of cookie used on NBCUniversal online services.
2. USE OF COOKIES BY OUR ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS PARTNERS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES
The advertising networks and / or content providers that deliver ads on our online services, our analytics partners and other third parties may use Cookies to uniquely distinguish your web browser and keep track of information relating to your interaction with online services including ads shown.
Some of these companies may combine information they collect from our online services with other information they have independently collected relating to your browser’s activities across other online services. These companies collect and use this information under their own privacy policies.
Examples of these companies, their privacy policies, and the opt-outs they offer can be found in the table below:
Network
3. YOUR COOKIE CHOICES AND HOW TO OPT OUT
You can choose whether to accept the use of Cookies as follows:
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, or restrict the categories of cookies you wish to accept, you can consult the information at  www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ .
Controlling the HTML5 local storage on your browser depends on which browser you use.  For more information regarding your specific browser please consult the browser’s website (often in the Help section).
For more information about Flash “cookies” or local storage objects or LSOs, and how to disable them, you can consult the information provided at  http://kb2.adobe.com/cps/526/52697ee8.html .
See “Use of Cookies by our Advertising Partners” for further information about how to opt out of Advertising Cookies.  Please note that rejecting Cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our online services.
Please note, however, that without HTTP cookies and HTML5 and Flash local storage, you may not be able to take full advantage of all our online services features and some parts of the online services may not function properly.
You may opt out of additional third party advertising networks by going to the Network Advertising Initiative’s Website at  http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp  and following the directions there.  The effect of opting out of third party advertising networks is explained on each opt out page.  Note that for some sites, the effect of opting out of third party advertising means that customized advertising will not be delivered to you.  Information regarding your usage of the online services may still be collected for research, analytics or internal operations purposes.
We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any such opt-out options.
NBCUniversal does not currently take actions to respond to Do Not Track signals because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed.  We continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created.
4. EXAMPLES OF COOKIES USED ON NBCUNIVERSAL ONLINE SERVICES
Examples of the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them include:
Cookie Category
Stores site implementation  specific information
Session cookie (expires when browser is closed)
Drupal specific cookie
Adobe Omniture Analytics:s_vi [Unique ID]
Cookies in this category enable NBCUniversal to measure the performance and perform analytics of our online services
Unique visitor ID time/date stamp
Updated every page view
User geo location, ex "US.NA.US_CA. US_CA_Universal City
30 days
Advertising cookies enable more precise ad delivery to our visitors
Unique user identifier and other user specific ad serving data
2 years
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website as the user is browsing that website and stored in a user's web browser. Cookies are stored as small text files containing a string of characters. They communicate certain information to us or to third parties about how online services are used (e.g. which pages and advertisements have been viewed), about users’ preferences (e.g. what size font a user prefers) and for site functionality (e.g. remembering where a user paused watching video content). Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools that are available as part of most browsers, and in some but not all instances can be blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Please be aware that if you disable or remove cookies or HTML5 cookies on your device, some parts of our online services may not function properly, and that when you revisit our online service your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
Web Beacons
Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including to count visitors to the online service, to monitor how users navigate the online services, to count how many emails we sent that were actually opened, or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies.  In contrast to HTTP cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence.
Embedded Script
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the online service, such as the links you click on.  The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the online service, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
ETag, or entity tag
A feature of the cache in browsers, an ETag is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL.  If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned.  Used in this manner, ETags are a form of device identifier.  ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
SDK
An SDK is a piece of computer code that can be included in an app to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services or analytics to be performed (similar to a web beacon).
6. CONTACT  US
For any queries in relation to this Cookies and Tracking Technologies Policy please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Legal Department, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US.
 
_______________________________________________________________________________
In addition to the terms of the NBCUniversal Privacy Policy available  here  this Mobile Apps Policy explains how NBCUniversal may collect and process personal information for online services accessed from mobile devices (“Mobile Apps”). This applies to all NBCUniversal Mobile Apps that link to this policy. Please note that this is a general overview of what may be processed and additional specific notices and terms will be applied within specific Mobile Apps where appropriate and/or required by law.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW IT IS USED
We have set out the types of information we collect and how that information is used below.  The information collected will depend on the functionality of the specific Mobile App you are using. Additional information may be collected through the Mobile App as specified in the Mobile App. 
Type of information
Unique Device Identifiers
A unique device identifier (or “Unique Device ID”) is an alpha-numeric string of data that can either be part of the hardware of your device or automatically assigned to your device by the operating system or software. We may associate Unique Device IDs with other information and will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this policy for as long as it is combined.  Unique Device IDs may be used to enable certain features and also to personalize and serve advertising based on your interests and usage of other apps.  When you are logged-in to your Account on multiple devices, we will associate the data collected from each device with your Account. See “Opt-Outs” in Section 4, below, for information regarding how to limit the use of Unique Device IDs.
Location information
When you use one of our location-enabled services, we may collect and process information about your actual location. Some Mobile Apps and other online services require your location information for one or more features to work.  Where a Mobile App collects precise information about the location of your device it will be used to provide location services for the Mobile App, and for such things as tagging or check-in.  Please see inside the Mobile App for information about how to opt out of providing location information or contact  privacy@nbcuni.com .  The location-based services offered in connection with our Mobile Apps are for individual use only and should not be used or relied on as an emergency locator system, used while driving or operating vehicles, used in connection with any hazardous environments requiring fail-safe performance, or any other situation in which the failure or inaccuracy of use of the location-based services could lead directly to death, personal injury, or severe physical or property damage.  The location-based services are not suited or intended for family finding purposes, fleet tracking, or any other type of business or enterprise use – other products exist today that may be used specifically for these purposes.
Log Information
When you use the Mobile App or view content on our websites on a mobile device, we may automatically collect and store certain information in server logs including but not limited to internet protocol (IP) addresses, port numbers, device model and make information, internet service provider (ISP), clickstream data, battery and memory allocation, boot time, browser type and language, viewed and exit pages and date or time stamps We may use log information as specifically indicated in the Mobile App, as well as to assess the performance of our Mobile App or other online services, distinguish your device from others, prevent fraud, provide technical support and/or respond to your needs.  We may also use this information to personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some Mobile Apps.
Unique Mobile App numbers
When you install or uninstall a Mobile App containing a unique Mobile App number, or when such a service searches for automatic updates, that number may be sent to us. Information about your installation, for example, the type of operating system, may also be sent to us. We may use the Unique Mobile App numbers as specifically indicated in the Mobile App, as well as to assess the performance of our Mobile App or other online services, prevent fraud, provide technical support, conduct research, generate analytics, address internal online services operations, and/or respond to your needs.  We may also use this information to personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some Mobile Apps.
Information you submit through the Mobile App
When you register with us and use a Mobile App, you may provide (a) your name, email address, age, user name, password and other registration information; (b) transaction-related information, such as when you make purchases, respond to any offers, or download or use Mobile Apps from us; (c) information you provide us when you contact us for help; (d) credit card information for purchase and use of the Mobile App; and (e) information you enter into our system when using the Mobile App, such as contact information. We may use the information you provided us, in accordance with applicable laws, to contact you from time to time to provide you with important information, required notices and marketing promotions. If you have already created an Account on one of our online services, we will associate your registration on a Mobile App with that Account so that you will only have to remember one set of Account credentials for all of your activities on NBCUniversal Mobile Apps and other online services.
Information we may collect through the Mobile App 
Subject to the functionality of a particular Mobile App, we may also collect additional information through your use of a Mobile App including (a) your mobile phone number; (b) any name you might have assigned to your device; (c) your contacts/address book; (d) your web browsing history; (e) information concerning other apps you have downloaded or used; (f) other stored information on your device such as videos, photos, photo location, audio, calendar, passwords, dialer, microphone and/or social network credentials. We may use information collected through the Mobile App as specifically indicated in the Mobile App, as well as to assess the performance of our Mobile App or other online services, prevent fraud, provide technical support, conduct research, generate analytics, address internal online services operations, and/or respond to your needs.  If you are logged-in using your Account, we may associate this information with your profile. We may also use this information to personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some Mobile Apps.
2. HOW WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION
Subject to applicable laws and the terms of our  Full Privacy Policy , we may share your usage and personal information with analytics providers, digital and video measurement services such as Nielsen, operating systems, carriers and platform providers and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties, as well as any other entities described in any particular Mobile App.
3. AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION AND ADVERTISING
Some of our Mobile Apps are supported via advertising, and use third parties to collect data and personalize ads based on your interests and your usage of various apps, web browsing, and other data. Interest-based data may consist of, among other things, Unique Device IDs, log data, or similar information, paired with data regarding which apps you use and related usage data.  We may collect this information across all of our Mobile Apps and online services, and across all of the devices associated with your Account. This advertising helps keeps the cost of online services low or free.  Certain analytics companies that we use may also automatically collect data to help us understand how the online service is being used, such as the frequency and duration of usage.   We may also work with consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you.
4. OPT-OUTS
In addition to the options provided by your mobile operating systems, you may opt out of the collection of information on Mobile Apps as follows:
·       Delete the Account by contacting us at www.nbc.com/contact-us
·       Uninstalling the Mobile App – you can stop all collection of information by the Mobile App easily by uninstalling the Mobile App. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the Mobile App marketplace or network;
·       Opt out of interest-based advertising – see the instructions below or contact   privacy@nbcuni.com  for information about how to opt out from the use of information to serve targeted advertising by advertisers and/or third party network advertisers. Note that the effect of opting out of targeted advertising will be to prevent targeted advertising, but will not prevent you from seeing all advertisements.  Information may still be collected and used for other purposes (such as research, online services analytics or internal operations, and to enforce your opt-out preferences):
For Apple Users:
iOS 7 or higher, you can change your settings in the following location: Settings > Privacy > Advertising
iOS 6, you can change your settings in the following location: Settings > General > About > Advertising
iOS 4 or 5, you can opt out following the instructions here
For further information please see Apple’s website here.
For other major mobile platforms:
Open the platform account settings
Select Ads
·       Opt out of location data go to “settings” on your mobile device to opt out of the collection of location data, or contact  privacy@nbcuni.com  for information about how to opt out from allowing us to have further access to your location data. Please include as much detail as possible when you make a request.
·       Opt out of Cross-App Data Collection - the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) offers a separate choice tool for the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising and other applicable uses. To exercise choice for companies participating in this choice tool, you can install the DAA’s AppChoices app (see  http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices ).
·       Opt out of Video Measurement Services - to opt out of video measurement services provided by Nielsen on Mobile Apps please click  here
Note that if you would like to opt-out of cross-device linking, you will have to use the opt-out mechanisms above on each device linked to your Account.
5. ACCESS
Where required by applicable law we provide online visitors with access to personal information they provide through online services and the ability to review, update and correct it as and when necessary. Such requests may be subject to a small fee. To help protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, and possibly photo ID before granting access to your personal information.
6. CONTACT US
For any queries in relation to this Mobile Apps Policy please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, NBCUniversal Legal Department, 30 Rockefeller Plaza, New York, NY 10112, US.
For enquiries from outside of the US please contact us at  privacy@nbcuni.com  or Chief Privacy Officer, Central Saint Giles, St Giles High Street, London, WC2H 8NU, UK.
©2018 NBCUniversal Media, LLC
We and our partners use cookies on this site to improve our service, perform analytics, personalize advertising, measure advertising performance, and remember website preferences. By using the site, you consent to these cookies. For more information on cookies including how to manage your consent visit our cookie policy .
Continue
