Cartridge World respects your privacy.
Cartridge World respects your privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information you enter into our website. We are committed to privacy and we support current industry initiatives to preserve individual and company privacy rights on the Internet.
Cartridge World has established this policy so that you understand how we take the treatment of your personal information very seriously.
Information We Collect
Cartridge World collects and stores personal and client information that you provide when you shop on our website, complete an application, call us, or send us a letter or e-mail. Personal or client information is information that is used to identify an individual, or customer, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a business, home or other physical address, an email address, telephone number, fax number, credit card number and expiration date, and other optional demographic information.
How We Use and Share Your Personal Information
Cartridge World uses the personal information we collect to fulfill your requests for products and services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients.
Cartridge World does not rent or sell personal information that you provide. We share your personal information with trusted third parties that perform services on our behalf (for example, credit card companies, shipping companies, market research firms) and when we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action against illegal activities, suspected fraud, injury, or harm to persons or property, to protect our rights or the rights of others, to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or as otherwise required by law.
Personal information may be transferred in connection with a business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, insolvency, or asset sale involving any Cartridge World business to which the information pertains.
Security
We maintain reasonable physical, technical, and procedural measures to protect your personal information against unauthorized access. If you believe that someone has improperly used personally identifiable information about you that you did not authorize, please contact us immediately.
Changes to Policy
Cartridge World may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our website for a reasonable period of time and posting the current version of our privacy policy online. 
Your Consent
By using the Cartridge World website you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to Cartridge World’s processing of personal and client information for the purposes given above.
Questions and Suggestions
If you have any questions or suggestions, please email or contact us at:
Address:
Sign up for our newsletter
Sign up to receive the latest Cartridge World news, coupons and helpful printing tips.
Where do you use printer ink and toner?
Business
Home
© 2018 Cartridge World North America, LLC. All rights reserved.
