Report a security issue
If you think you’ve been a victim of identity theft or received a suspicious email that appears to have come from us, tell us here. Report a security issue Report a phishing email (reportphish@tdameritrade.com)
To report lost or stolen checks or debit cards, call 888-723-8504, Option 6
TD Ameritrade Privacy Statement
A guide to how we use and protect client information.
Facts
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and financial account numbers
Account balances and transaction information
Income and employment information
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons TD Ameritrade chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does TD Ameritrade share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes–
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus.
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
Yes
No
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
No
We do not share
To limit our sharing
Log in and go to Client Services > My Profile > Communication Preferences Center > Information Sharing
Contact a Client Services representative at 800-326-7141
Please note:
If your account is managed by an independent investment advisor, your account preferences are already set to limit our sharing
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
TD Ameritrade, Inc. and the TD Ameritrade family of divisions and companies, including TD Ameritrade Institutional and TD Ameritrade Investment Management, LLC.
What we do
How does TD Ameritrade protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
For more information, please visit tdameritrade.com/security
How does TD Ameritrade collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
Direct us to buy securities or direct us to sell your securities
Tell us about your investment or retirement portfolio
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes–information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a TD Ameritrade name; financial companies such as TradeWise Advisors, Inc.; nonfinancial companies such as TD Ameritrade Media Productions Company; as well as the TD Bank Financial Group family, including TD Bank and The Toronto-Dominion Bank.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
TD Ameritrade does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you
Joint Marketing
TD Ameritrade doesn't jointly market
Other Important Information
For Nevada residents. We are providing you this notice pursuant to state law. You may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 800-326-7141. Nevada law requires that we also provide you with the following contact information: Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; Phone number - 702-486-3132; email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us .
For Vermont Residents. In accordance with Vermont law, we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents with companies who are not affiliates, except as permitted by law, such as with your consent or to service your accounts. We will not share information about your creditworthiness with our affiliates without your authorization or consent, but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you with our affiliates without your consent.
For California Residents. In accordance with California law, we will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliates, except as allowed by law. For example, we may share information with your consent or to service your accounts. Among our affiliates, we will limit information sharing to the extent required by California law.
Trade Wise Advisors, Inc. and TD Ameritrade, Inc. are separate but affiliated firms. Advisory services are provided exclusively by Trade Wise Advisors, Inc. and brokerage services are provided exclusively by TD Ameritrade, Inc.
TD Bank Group has an ownership interest in TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation, the parent company of TD Ameritrade, Inc.
TD Ameritrade, Inc. and TD Bank USA, N.A. are affiliated through their parent companies.
TD Ameritrade, Inc., member  FINRA / SIPC . TD Ameritrade is a trademark jointly owned by TD Ameritrade IP Company, Inc. and The Toronto-Dominion Bank. © 2018 TD Ameritrade.
AMTD 800 F 6/18
What Your Financial Services Firm Should Be
See what sets us apart from the rest with our top 6 reasons to choose TD Ameritrade.
Compare TD Ameritrade to other leading financial services firms.
Best for Long-Term Investing
For six years in a row, we ranked #1 for Long-Term Investing in Barron's 2018 Online Broker Survey.
00/00/002:48PM BT
S&P 500 ()
Trade commission-free for 60 days  plus get up to $600* Offer Details
#1 for Long-Term Investing
This is not an offer or solicitation in any jurisdiction where we are not authorized to do business or where such offer or solicitation would be contrary to the local laws and regulations of that jurisdiction, including, but not limited to persons residing in Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, UK, and the countries of the European Union.
 
