Contact Us
Have a question or just want to learn more?  We're here to help.
NAVY.COM PRIVACY POLICY
OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY
The United States Navy is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy applies to all information submitted by you on this website, and it explains the type of information we may collect and how we may use it.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
For site management, visitor information is collected for statistical purposes. This government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for purposes such as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic that identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their personal usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with the National Archives and Records Administration General Records Schedule 4.1 .
The information requested on this website is collected in accordance with Section 503 of Title 10, United States Code, and may only be used to identify and process individuals interested in applying for enlistment or commissions in the United States Navy or Navy Reserve and/or for analysis of the effectiveness of various marketing and advertising programs.
Disclosure is voluntary. Declining to provide the information may result in not being contacted by a recruiter although you may receive recruiting materials in the future. Any information provided is protected from unauthorized disclosure by the Privacy Act of 1974 , as amended.
COOKIES
For site navigation purposes only, cookies are used in a limited manner. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular website. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major websites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you’d prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a website if you do so.
Navy.com uses technology to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this site. This allows us to learn which ads bring users to our website. The information we collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable and does not include your name, address, telephone number or email address.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
Participation in chat and any other communication through navy.com is governed by the following guidelines to protect your privacy and security:
Any information and/or personal data you supply via Chat Live, Email Us, 1-800-USA-NAVY, or Apply Now is totally voluntary. You have no obligation to provide information of any type. Information the United States Navy collects about you from through these methods will be used for the purpose of recruitment of Enlisted Sailors and Commissioned Officers into the United States Navy or Navy Reserve. Authority for gathering information is granted under Title 10, United States Code, Section 503.
If you provide any personal information, the Navy is bound by federal law to use the information for recruiting purposes only. Federal law further states that the United States Navy will not release any information offered by you to any person or organization outside the Department of Defense.
The United States Navy reserves the right to record all activity that takes place in Chat Live. The raw information obtained may be used by the Navy to provide information services to the public. Raw data logs are used exclusively for this effort and will be destroyed on a regular basis in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 4.1.
SECURITY PRECAUTIONS
Your privacy is very important to us. We use leading security technology and security procedures to help maintain the privacy of your personal information.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
If you have any questions or comments about this site, please send them to the Webmaster at [email protected] .
FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT
The Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) is a law ensuring public access to U.S. government records. FOIA carries a presumption of disclosure; the burden is on the government - not the public - to substantiate why information may not be released. Upon written request, agencies of the United States government are required to disclose those records unless they can be lawfully withheld from disclosure under one of nine specific exemptions in the FOIA. This right of access is ultimately enforceable in federal court.
SHORT MESSAGE SERVICE (SMS) “TEXT MESSAGE”
If you subscribe to an SMS Service (Text Messaging) through this website, you thereby agree to receive SMS Service messages at the cell phone number you provide for such purposes. SMS messages will come from The United States Navy. Participation in our service is free of charge but standard carrier text messaging charges may apply.
The United States Navy will never rent or sell your phone number to any third party, nor will we use your phone number to initiate a call or SMS message to you without your express or implied prior consent. Your wireless carrier and other service providers also collect data about your SMS usage, and their practices are governed by their own privacy policies.
You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. You can opt-out of our text message program at any time by replying STOP to any message.
For help or more information about our text message (SMS) service please contact our customer support team by calling 1-800-USA-NAVY or sending email to [email protected] .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Naval Support Activity Midsouth
Mission
To recruit, train, equip, and organize to deliver combat ready Naval forces to win conflicts and wars while maintaining security and deterrence through sustained forward presence.
America's Navy
Footer
