Introduction
Famous Footwear regards customer privacy as an important part of our relationship with our customers. The following privacy policy applies to all Famous Footwear users, and conforms to Internet privacy standards.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please email online@famousfootwear.com.au
Collection of Information
In order to use the Famous Footwear website, we may require information from you in order to provide the best service possible.
All correspondence may also be collected and stored, particularly in regard to sales, support and accounts, including Email.
Any information collected by Famous Footwear is collected via correspondence from you or your company. This may be via the telephone, Email, mail, fax or directly through our website.
Use of Collection Information
Any details collected from Famous Footwear customers, is required in order to provide you with our products and/or services, and a high level of customer service.
Correspondence is recorded in order to provide service references, and to assist in our staff development.
Storage of Collected Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers) on our website, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). When Credit Card details are collected, we simply pass them on in order to be processed as required. We never permanently store complete Credit Card details.
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, you can email us at online@famousfootwear.com.au .
Access to Collected Information
If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, delete or deactivate it by emailing us at online@famousfootwear.com.au .
Orders
If you purchase a product or service from us, we may request certain personally identifiable information from you. You may be required to provide contact information (such as name, Email, and postal address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Communications
Famous Footwear uses personally identifiable information for essential communications, such as Emails, accounts information, and critical service details. We may also use this information for other purposes, including some promotional Emails. If at any time a customer wishes not to receive such correspondence, they can request to be removed from any mailing lists by emailing us at
Third Parties
Famous Footwear may at its discretion use other third parties to provide essential services on our site or for our business processes. We may share your details as necessary for the third party to provide that service.
These third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose.
Famous Footwear does not share any information with third parties for any unknown or unrelated uses.
Legal
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website.
Links
Links on the Famous Footwear site to external entities are not covered within this policy. The terms and conditions set out in this privacy statement only cover the domain name of www.famousfootwear.com.au.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by Email.
Famous Footwear Security Policy
When shopping online with Famous Footwear you can choose from two payment methods. For all credit card transactions we use a secure gateway NAB Transact or you can choose to pay with PayPal.
NAB Transact 
Famous Footwear uses the NAB Transact Payment Gateway for its online credit card transactions. NAB Transact processes online credit card transactions for thousands of Australian merchants, providing a safe and secure means of collecting payments via the Internet. All online credit card transactions performed on this site using the NAB Transact gateway are secured payments.
Your complete credit card number cannot be viewed by Famous Footwear or any outside party.
Security - uses NAB supplied 128 bit SSL security certificate and a fingerprint is generated as an encrypted record of the amount to be paid
Compliance - card details are not saved to ensure simple compliance with Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards
NAB Transact at no time touches your funds; all monies are directly transferred from your credit card to the merchant account held by Famous Footwear.
3-D Secure helps make internet based card payments safer by using an online connection between cardholders and their bank (the card issuer) at the time of purchase. Cardholders need to authenticate their identity as part of the payment transaction protecting you both from fraudulent transactions. (only available to customer signed up with 3-D Secure).
Reduces risk of fraud - 3D Secure and CVN capabilities
For more information about NAB Transact and online credit card payments, please visit   www.nab.com.au
