Last Updated: May 24, 2018
Etix understands that your right to privacy is very important. This privacy policy applies to our Site and the apps where it appears. It describes how we treat personal and private information which we collect. This policy should be read in conjunction with our Terms and, where applicable, our purchase policy .
EU citizens please view our privacy policy located here
Collected Information
Etix may collect information from and about you, including but not limited to…
Your name, street address, or other contact information
Your credit card number, billing zip code, and other payment and billing information
Information you post on our website or a third-party social media site
Information about events you like, products you buy, or other demographic information
Information about the browser you’re using to access our Site, which site you came from or where you went after, location information or your type of mobile device, etc
How We Collect Information
Etix may collect information…
Directly from you if you register, post on our Site, ask us a question, etc
By using browser cookies, web beacons, and other browser tracking tools
From third parties if you use an integrated social media feature on our website or app
How We Use Information
To improve our products and services
To look at site trends and customer interests
For security purposes
For marketing purposes
You may opt-out of having your online behavior tracked for advertising purposes. To learn more, click here .
For transactional communications
Sharing Information
With third parties who perform services on our behalf
With our business partners
If we believe we must in order to comply with the law
With a successor to all or part of our business
Security
At Etix, e-commerce is a way of life. We understand the importance of online security and utilize the latest advances in technology to ensure your transaction is secure.  We address security through “defense in depth”, where we employ a collection of complementary and interlocking methods to keep your information secure and protected.  Furthermore, Etix maintains compliance with current security standards, including PCI-compliance.  While the Internet is never 100% secure, Etix works constantly to stay on the forefront of online security through multiple levels of encryption and regular external vulnerability scans.  For your own protection, use caution when using the Internet and remember: never share your Etix account information.
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Compliance
Etix complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Framework Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov .
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles Etix commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policies should first contact Etix at:
Etix, Inc.
Morrisville, NC 27560
We may use the Personal Information we receive from the EEA and Switzerland for the purposes set forth in our Privacy Policy or as you may otherwise be notified. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Information we process is relevant and reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current to the extent necessary for the purposes for which we use the Personal Information. We will not process Personal Information in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected or subsequently authorized by you. We will adhere to the Principles for as long as we retain the Personal Information collected under the Frameworks. When we process Personal Information on behalf of our enterprise customers, we process and retain Personal Information as necessary to provide our services to our customers, or as required or permitted under applicable law.
You may choose to gain access to, request updates or corrections to, or deletion of, your Personal Information by submitting a request via our Customer Support Form . You can also unsubscribe from our marketing communications by following the instructions or unsubscribe mechanism in the e-mail message or by contacting Etix customer support via our Customer Support Form .  If we intend to use your Personal Information for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes listed in this policy or our Privacy Policy, or if we intend to disclose it to a third party acting as a controller not previously identified, we will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of such uses and/or disclosures where it involves non-sensitive information or opt-in where sensitive information is involved.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield .
In certain cases, we may remain liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if we transfer your personally identifiable information to third-party processors of that data who then process that data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles. We will not, however, retain such liability if we can prove that we are not responsible for the act or omission in question that is inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles.
Our use of your personally identifiable information may be subject to investigation and enforcement under the U.S. Federal Trade Commission or another U.S. statutory body, and/or you may be able to invoke binding arbitration to assert your rights.
Questions
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at support@etix.com or 1-800-514-3849.
© Thu Sep 13 18:35:27 EDT 2018 Etix, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Looking for our ticketing & marketing solutions? Learn More
Sign Up for Our Newsletter
Find out about the latest events catered to your interests before the rest of the world!
Email
