Sign Up / Log In 
Last Updated: August 2016
Care.com Australia PTY Limited (“Care.com”) is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. We recognize that privacy is of utmost importance, and operate our company with protecting your personal information in mind. Care.com’s Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is designed to provide a clear understanding of the information (including personal information) we collect and how we store, use and disclose it in the course of our business operations. It applies to users of www.care.com and any affiliated websites, web pages and mobile applications (the “Site”), including those who are seeking to find a service provider through Care.com (“Care Seekers”) as well as those who are looking to promote their services through Care.com (“Care Providers”). For purposes of this Agreement, the terms “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Care.com. “You” refers to you, as a user of Care.com and the various services that Care.com provides (“Services”).
By using the Site and or the Services, or otherwise providing us with information, you consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information and other information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we are not able to collect, store, use and disclose information about you as set out in this Privacy Policy, we may not be able to provide you with access to the Site or Services.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We collect both “Personal Information” and “Non Personal Information” about Care Seekers and Care Providers. In this Privacy Policy, Personal Information has the meaning given to it in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and includes information that personally identifies you, such as your name and email address, and information that is linked to information that personally identifies you. “Non Personal Information” is information that does not personally identify you and is not linked to information that personally identifies you and includes passively collected information about your activities on our site, such as anonymous usage data.
A. Personal Information
Visitors can access and browse the site without disclosing most Personal Information, although, like most websites, we do record your IP address and web browser user agent when you browse the Site. Visitors who access and browse the Site without registering are “Site Visitors”. In order to utilize some of the services offered by Care.com (“Services”), such as utilizing our online platform to contact individual Care Providers who have posted their profile, you must register for Care.com. All users who register for Care.com are “Members”. Users who register and also choose to pay for a subscription that will allow access to additional features are considered “Premium Members.” Unless otherwise specified, all references in this Privacy Policy to “Members” refer to both Premium Members and Members.
1. Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us about yourself in writing on the Site or by email or postal mail
Regardless of whether you are a Site Visitor or a Member, all Personal Information that you provide to us when registering, posting a job, posting a profile, or that you otherwise provide us on the Site or by email or postal mail will be stored by us. You may provide us this Personal Information in various ways, including:
a. Personal Information Provided by Registering for a Membership.
Users of the Site can register to become Care.com Members in two ways. First, you can register directly through Care.com. Second, you can register on Care.com by connecting through Facebook’s application programming interface (API).
When you register directly through Care.com, we will collect and store the information that you provide to us directly on our online forms, including but not limited to the following to the extent provided:
your first and last name
your email address
your home address
your phone number
By registering at Care.com through Facebook, you are authorizing Care.com to collect, store, use and disclose in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information you agreed that Facebook could provide to Care.com through its API. Your agreement (and our access to your information) takes place when you instruct, accept or allow Facebook to register you for a Care.com account. The information you allow Care.com to access is affected by the privacy settings you establish on Facebook. For example, Care.com may access and store certain of your information, as allowed by you, Facebook’s API, and your preferences, including but not limited to the following:
your first and last name
your profile picture
your email address
your location (i.e. city)
If you choose to purchase paid Services, Care.com will also collect your credit card type, number, expiration date, and security code as well as your billing address for payment purposes.
b. Personal Information Provided When Care Seekers Post a Job
We collect and store all of the additional information that Care Seekers provide to us on your job posting, including but not limited to:
the type of care you are looking for, schedule, location, hourly rate, number of children, ages, narrative job description, requirements for a Care Provider (such as ability to drive)
pictures you choose to provide
health information, if you choose to provide it
references, if you choose to provide them
c. Personal Information Provided When Care Providers Post a Profile
We collect and store all of the additional information that Care Providers provide to us in their profile, including but not limited to:
details on the care you offer, including for example the type of care you provide, your availability, your location, your level of education, languages you speak, your ability to drive
related services you provide
health information, if you choose to provide it
references, if you choose to provide them
d. Personal Information otherwise provided through the Site or by Email or Postal Mail
Members may post Personal Information on the Site through other Site features and offerings including our online communications platform that Members may use to communicate with one another. In some cases, Site Visitors may have the ability to provide us Personal Information through the Site, such as contact information. In addition, both Members and Site Visitors may choose to provide us additional Personal Information by email or postal mail. We collect and store all of the Personal Information you provide to us through these channels.
2. Information provided to Care.com by Site Visitors and Other Members.
Care.com also captures and collects information that Site Visitors and Members provide about each other. For example, Care Providers may invite Site Visitors or Members to indicate their relationship to the Care Provider. Additionally, Care.com Members may post reviews about any individual Care Provider. Members may also communicate directly with each other through the Care.com platform. Care.com captures and stores all of the reviews, exchanges, and references that are carried out on its Site.
3. Verification Checks
a. Using Facebook Connect
Care.com offers you the opportunity to register on the website using your existing Facebook profile data. For this we use the Facebook Connect service provided by Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California, 94025, USA ("Facebook"). If you use this feature you will be redirected to Facebook and prompted to log in using your username and password. We then use your Facebook credentials to log into your Care.com account, but we do not retain them. If you are already logged in to Facebook, this step is skipped. After your email address and your public profile information (particularly name, profile picture, birth dates, number of friends, sex, language and country) is transmitted to us, you must confirm the "Login with Facebook" process by clicking the button. Afterwards a permanent link is established between your Care.com and Facebook account. For more information about Facebook Connect, including the setting options available to protect your privacy, please review the privacy policies of Facebook.
b. Verification Checks
In order to increase the quality of our service and to further develop trust amongst our users; Care.com offers our registered users that are carers the ability to carry out certain verification checks on themselves. Verification checks can be conducted on a member's email address, Facebook account and mobile telephone number. We send the mobile telephone number to the service provider Nexmo Inc., 217 Second Street, 4th Floor, San Francisco, California, 94105, USA. To review the purpose and scope of the data collection, its processing and use as well as your rights and privacy setting options, please refer to the privacy policies of Nexmo Inc.
4. Additional Personal Information Care.com collects from Third parties
In addition to the information you provide to Care.com, or we otherwise obtain in accordance with this Privacy Policy, Care.com reserves the right for its service providers to use your Personal Information to scan a variety of sources, which may include certain media streams, terrorist watch lists, criminal and fugitive watch lists, fraud watch lists, law enforcement reports, sex offender registries and other data in order to provide Care.com information to evaluate your suitability for Care.com membership, on an ongoing basis (“Verification Checks”). The results of these checks will be made available to Care.com but will not be made available to any Site Visitor or Member. IF YOU DO NOT WANT THESE VERIFICATION CHECKS TO BE PERFORMED, YOU SHOULD NOT USE CARE.COM.
Care.com may also obtain publicly available Personal Information, such as demographic data, and other information to enable it to comply with regulatory requirements, ensure the accuracy of data, better understand your likely interests, prevent fraud, etc.
BY AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND CARE.COM’S TERMS OF USE, YOU AGREE TO ALLOW CARE.COM TO PERFORM VERIFICATION CHECKS AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. NO FURTHER CONSENT FROM YOU IS REQUIRED FOR THESE VERIFICATION CHECKS TO BE PERFORMED.
B. Non Personal Information
In addition to the Personal Information you voluntarily provide to Care.com, in an effort to improve the quality of Care.com’s service, we record and process information provided to us by your browser when you view the site, such as the web site you came from (known as the “referring URL”), what keywords drove traffic to the Site, the type of browser you use, and the time and date of access. We may assign you a unique identifier, which may be correlated with your Personal Information if you are a registered Member. As is the case with most websites, we collect this information passively from all visitors to the site, whether or not they are registered Members who have also provided Personal Information in direct interactions with Care.com. We do so through various mechanisms, including:
1. Cookies
Care.com may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identify your browser. A cookie is a small text file composed of alphanumeric characters, including an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to a user’s browser from our servers and is stored on the user’s computer hard drive. Doing so allows us to administer and customize our service and to better understand, on an aggregate basis, how users interact with our Site. For example, Care.com may use cookies to compile the following information:
the number of times a user views a website page
the type of service a user searches for
the links on the Site that a user clicks
Users are able to control their browser settings to limit the collection of cookies by Care.com. The controls available to you will depend upon the browser you use, such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Apple Safari, or Firefox Mozilla. However, if you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site. For example, we require that you have cookies enabled to enroll in our service or to log in to your account. We do not store any personally identifying information in cookies.
2. Tracking Pixels/Web Beacons
We and/or our third party affiliates may employ “tracking pixels” (also referred to as “web beacons”) to count the number of users that visit a page on our Site that includes these tracking pixels. Tracking pixels are used to analyze the effectiveness of advertising campaigns and to better understand the way that users interact with our Site. These tracking pixels do not identify individual users and analysis of data obtained by these tracking pixels is performed on an aggregate basis. One of the third parties we use for this purpose is Google Analytics. Google Analytics provides an opt-out option, which can be found here .
3. Tracking of Non-Personal Information by Third Party Advertising Companies
We may also use third party advertising companies, such as Google, to serve or track ads on our web site and other web sites. These companies may use passively collected information about your visits to Care.com and other web sites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Each of the third party advertising companies we work with is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative. If you prefer not to receive these ads or offers, you may opt-out here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . Please allow up to 10 days for the opt-out to take effect. Please also note that in order for the opt-out to work your browser must be set to accept third party cookies. Furthermore, if you buy a new computer or mobile device, change web browsers or delete the opt-out cookie, you will need to perform the opt-out task again. To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practices and opt-out procedures of Google specifically, please click here .
This website uses Monetate, an analysis and personalization service from Monetate Inc. Monetate uses cookies that are stored on your computer to analyze how you use our website in order to help us better improve our service. The information is transmitted to Monetate’s servers in the US, or within the European Union, where it is stored and processed on our behalf. Before the data is processed, the IP address is anonymized and replaced by a generic number that is unidentifiable. All Personal Information is excluded in the process. You can refuse to use our cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, but you will not be able to access all the features on the website to their full extent. You can prevent your data from being collected (including your IP address) and processed by Monetate by clicking here . For more information about Monetate, visit: http://www.monetate.com/platform-privacy-policy .
II. HOW WE USE INFORMATION
A. Personal Information
In general, the Personal Information we collect is used for the primary purposes for which it was collected, including (1) to enhance your experience with Care.com by, among other things, allowing you to more easily find the care situation you are looking for, (2) to enable us to provide a safer community for all of our Members, (3) to help us communicate with you, and (4) enable us to provide you with the Site and Services. For example, we use it to contact users in response to questions, solicit feedback and input from users, provide technical support, and to inform Members about product or promotional offers. We may also use it to serve more customized advertising.
In addition, we may also use your Personal Information:
to connect you with Care Providers or Care Seekers that appear to meet your needs and preferences.
to register and service your account, contact you in response to questions, and solicit feedback and input from you (for example: via email surveys).
to enable providers and seekers to search based on the Personal Information you have made available on the Site, and the information others have provided about you so that they can better find care matches.
to determine the suitability of Members to participate in Care.com. Care.com reserves the right to refuse membership to any individual in its sole discretion for any or no reason. Among other things, we may refuse or terminate membership based on the results of any identity checks, verification checks, or Member complaints. Care.com may also use a Member’s IP address to determine what country they are coming from, which may impact whether they qualify for Care.com membership.
to target promotional messages or content on the Site, via email or other ads on Care.com or third party sites.
for a secondary purpose that is related to a purpose for which we collected it, where you would reasonably expect Care.com to use your Personal Information for that secondary purpose.
B. Information Collected Passively from Computers Visiting or Interacting with Care.com
In general, we use information collected passively from your computer to help us improve Care.com products and services and customize the user experience, such as provide targeted useful advertising based on the type of service you seek. For example, if you visit Care.com and search for childcare we may show you a banner ad on another site. We also aggregate the information collected via cookies and web beacons to use in statistical analysis to help us track trends and analyze patterns in the use of Care.com.
III. HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
We may share your information with various third parties, including in connection with the purposes for which we collect your information as described below. Please review our sharing policy closely, especially with respect to your Personal Information. By using our Site or our Services, you agree to allow us to share the Personal Information you provide to us in the ways described below. Your ability to make changes to what information is shared is described below in Section IV.
A. Personal Information
1. With All Care.com Site Visitors and Members
In order to increase your chances of finding a job or finding the care you need, we share all of the information, aside from your contact information, that you include in a job posting or provider profile with people who visit our Site. With certain exceptions, you choose how much detail you want to include in either your job posting or your provider profile; the more information you share, however, the better chance you have of finding either care or a job that works for you.
2. With Other Care.com Members
In addition to the information that is provided to all visitors to Care.com, Care Provider reviews are made available to all Members and Care Provider References are made available to Premium Members. In addition, your approximate residence location (through Google map plotting) is made available to all Members unless you elect to keep that information confidential.
3. With Care.com Vendors/Service Providers
We also share Personal Information with vendors who are performing services for Care.com on behalf of Care.com, including without limitation, vendors who provide email services, vendors who provide demographic information, vendors who process credit card payments, vendors who provide geo-location information, vendors who run classified advertising businesses, and vendors who send SMS messages to Members’ mobile phone numbers, in each case to the extent applicable. Care.com has selected vendors who maintain high standards with respect to privacy and agree to only use the Personal Information to perform a specific service on behalf of Care.com.
4. With Listings in Google and Other Public Search Engines, and on third party websites
In an effort to further facilitate your ability to find a caregiver or find a job, selected information contained in job postings and caregiver profiles by Care Seekers and Care Providers, which may include photo, first name, first initial of last name, city, state, job/provider description, may also be shared with third party search engines and other vendors who run classified advertising businesses, or with third party websites, and thus may be listed in third party web site search results (e.g., Google), and on third party websites which would make that information available to the public and allow them to link to your Care.com posting. Members can opt-out of this sharing if they adjust their privacy settings and preferences on the Site at the following URL link: https://care.com/en-au/my-account/account-settings/privacy-settings .
5. Disclosure by Law
You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information we’ve collected about you, if required to do so by law or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement agencies, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend Care.com’s, or a third party’s, rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened.
6. Our Affiliates
You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose any of the information we’ve collected about you to any of our affiliates or subsidiaries, for the purposes of providing you with the Services, operating the Site, and our other commercial purposes.
7. With Your Consent
We also may share your Personal Information with a third party if you consent to the sharing.
B. Information Passively Collected from Your Computer
This Privacy Policy does not limit our use or disclosure of any information passively collected from your computer via cookies, web beacons, or standard logging of website activity. If you do not wish to share this information with Care.com, then you should take steps to limit the passive collection of data about your activities on our site, for example, by changing your browser settings to disable cookies, and opting out of information sharing at networkadvertisinginitiative.com. We reserve the right to use and disclose such Non Personal Information to our partners, advertisers, and other third parties at our discretion.
C. Business Transaction
In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge and consent that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer’s assets may continue to process your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
D. Data Export
Our sharing of your information, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, may include the export of your information to affiliates or third parties in locations outside of Australia (“Offshore Recipients”), including the United States of America, Ireland and other EU countries. For example, we may disclose your information to law enforcement agencies overseas; to our US and EU based affiliates; and to our service providers (including data centre providers) based outside of Australia.
You consent to the disclosure of your information to Offshore Recipients in the manner contemplated by this Privacy Policy. While Care.com remains committed to protecting your privacy, you acknowledge and agree that: (1) Offshore Recipients are not subject to Australian privacy laws and may store, use or disclose Personal Information in a manner that is not compliant with Australian privacy laws; and (2) Care.com has no control over, and is not liable for, the acts and omissions of Offshore Recipients.
IV. YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING THE SHARING, ACCESS TO AND MODIFICATION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
A. Options Regarding the Sharing of Your Personal Information
Members do have control over what optional Personal Information they choose to share with us in an effort to make themselves more marketable to other Members (such as pictures, certain details in a job description or profile, etc.). In addition, Members may opt out of having their approximate residence location (through Google map plotting visible to Members by sending us an email at: MemberCareAU@care.com with your name, email address on file with Care.com and your request. If you wish to change or remove Personal Information, you may do so as described below.
Members also have control over what information, if any, is shared with third party web sites to be listed in third party search engine results (such as Google.) You may send an email to: MemberCareAU@care.com to opt out of your information being shared in them at all. Your email must include your name, email address on file Care.com and your request.
Your opt out preferences will take effect within 10 days of receipt of your request.
B. Changing or Removing your Personal Information
If you wish to access, correct or update this information, you may do so by contacting MemberCareAU@care.com . If you no longer wish to participate in our service you may contact MemberCareAU@care.com and request that your account be closed. Care.com may charge a reasonable amount for providing access to Personal Information, or refuse access to Personal Information, where permitted under the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
V. HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
While there is no practical way to absolutely assure the security of information you supply us, we have implemented industry-recognized safeguards to protect your information from unauthorized access. These safeguards include:
Care.com uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer), the industry standard method for computers to communicate securely without risk of manipulation or recipient impersonation. We utilize SSL in the online registration process, in the login process, and in the account management section of the Site.
Care.com uses strong encryption technology to protect sensitive information.
Care.com employs firewalls and system monitoring to protect against unauthorized access of our systems.
Your user accounts are also protected by the password you use to access your online account with Care.com, and we urge you to take steps to keep your password safe. If you feel your password has been compromised, you should change it immediately by logging into your account and visiting the “My Profile & Settings” section. After you have finished using our Site, you should log out of your Care.com account and exit your browser.
We take these precautions in an effort to protect your information against security breaches. However, this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software. By using our Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
VI. YOUR COMMUNICATIONS CHOICES
By becoming a Care.com Member, you are consenting to receive certain email communications from us, including newsletters, special offers, and customer surveys.
You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. If you receive promotional communications from us, you will be able to indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail. You also have a right to opt-out of advertising from the third party advertising companies Care.com works with.
Please note that despite any indicated email marketing preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding Care.com, including, for example, notices of updates to our Privacy Policy, if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner.
VII. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
Care.com may provide links to other web sites that we believe may be of interest to our users. However, we are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by those web sites, nor are we responsible for the information or content they contain. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through Care.com; thus when you use a link to go from our web site to another third party web site, this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of these other web sites before proceeding to use them.
VIII. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
Care.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service at any time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat Personal Information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, or by placing a prominent notice on our site, so that you can choose whether to continue using our service. Significant changes will go into effect 30 days after we notify. Non-material changes or clarifications will take effect immediately upon posting of the updated Privacy Policy on our Site. You should periodically check Care.com for updates.
IX. COMPLAINTS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions or concerns about Care.com’s collection, storage, use or disclosure of Personal Information, or if you believe that Care.com has not complied with this Privacy Policy or Australian privacy laws (including the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth)), please contact Care.com using the details below. When contacting Care.com, please provide as much detail as possible in relation to the query, issue or complaint. Your complaint will be taken seriously and will be assessed by an appropriate person with the aim of resolving any issue in a timely and efficient manner. Care.com requests that you cooperate with Care.com during this process and provide any relevant information that may be required.
You can contact us in relation to this Privacy Policy via email at MemberCareAU@care.com or at:
Legal Department
Care.com Australia PTY Limited
c/o Care.com, Inc. 77 Fourth Avenue, 5th Floor, Waltham, MA 02451
Care.com is an online venue for care seekers and care providers to connect with each other. We do not introduce or supply carers to those seeking care, nor do we select or propose specific carers to those seeking care or care seekers to carers. Care.com does not verify the identity of, or information posted by, care seekers or carers. Please see our Safety Centre for guidance on how to verify the identity of, and information posted by, other users.
Care.com and "There for you" are trademarks of Care.com Inc., the parent of Care.com Australia Pty Limited. © 2018.
All rights reserved.
