× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Wikihow.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Wikihow.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Terms-of-Use . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
A. Eligibility
You may use the Service only if you can form a binding contract with wikiHow, and only in compliance with this Agreement and all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations. The Service is not available to any Users previously removed from the Service by wikiHow. Any use of the Service by anyone under 13 is strictly prohibited and in violation of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a child under the age of 13 may use the site if we receive a signed permission form from the child’s parent or legal guardian. The permission form can be found here http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:COPPA-Parental-Permission-Form .
B. wikiHow Service.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, freely revocable license to use the Service as permitted by the features of the Service. wikiHow may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason. Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, wikiHow further grants to each User of the Service, a license to use any or all text contained in any article found on the Service in accordance with the terms of the Creative Commons CC BY-NC-SA 3.0 License. Under this license, you may freely use, copy, and distribute such text for non-commercial purposes so long as you follow our attribution requirements at http://www.wikihow.com/wikiHow:Attribution . Please carefully read the full terms and conditions here . http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/ . wikiHow reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Service and the wikiHow Content (as defined below).
C. wikiHow Accounts
Your wikiHow account gives you access to the services and functionality that we may establish and maintain from time to time and in our sole discretion. If you open a wikiHow account on behalf of a company, organization, or other entity, then (a) “you” includes you and that entity, and (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the entity to this Agreement, and that you agree to this Agreement on the entity’s behalf. By connecting to wikiHow with a third-party service, you give us permission to access and use your information from that service as permitted by that service, and to store your log-in credentials for that service.
You may never use another User’s account without permission. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. We encourage you to use “strong” passwords (passwords that use a combination of upper and lower case letters, numbers and symbols) with your account. You must notify wikiHow immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. wikiHow will not be liable for any losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account.
You may control your User profile and how you interact with the Service by changing the settings in your Preferences . By providing wikiHow your email address you consent to our using the email address to send you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your email address to send you other messages, such as changes to features of the Service and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, you may opt out or change your preferences in your http://www.wikihow.com/Special:Preferences . Opting out may prevent you from receiving email messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers.
D. Service Rules
You agree not to engage in any of the following prohibited activities: (i) transmitting spam, chain letters, or other unsolicited email; (ii) attempting to interfere with, compromise the system integrity or security or decipher any transmissions to or from the servers running the Service; (iii) taking any action that imposes, or may impose at our sole discretion an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (iv) uploading invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents through the Service; (v) collecting or harvesting any personally identifiable information, including account names, from the Service; (vii) impersonating another person or otherwise misrepresenting your affiliation with a person or entity, conducting fraud; (viii) interfering with the proper working of the Service; (ix) accessing any content on the Service through any technology or means other than those provided or authorized by the Service; or (x) bypassing the measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Service, including without limitation features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any content or enforce limitations on use of the Service or the content therein.
If you operate a search engine or robot, or if you republish a significant fraction of all wikiHow Content (as we may determine in our reasonable discretion), you must follow these rules:
You must use a descriptive user agent header;
You must provide prominent attribution to wikihow;
You must follow robots.txt at all times; and
You must make it clear how to contact you, either in your user agent string, or on your website if you have one.
We may, without prior notice, change the Service; stop providing the Service or features of the Service, to you or to users generally; or create usage limits for the Service. We may permanently or temporarily terminate or suspend your access to the Service without notice and liability for any reason, including if in our sole determination you violate any provision of this Agreement, or for no reason. Upon termination for any reason or no reason, you continue to be bound by this Agreement.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other wikiHow Users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other Users. wikiHow shall have no liability for your interactions with other Users, or for any User’s action or inaction.
This is version 4 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
