Last modified: July 27, 2016
At GoodRx, we respect your right to privacy and we understand that visitors to this mobile application and various related services ("Mobile Application") need to control the uses of their personal information. The privacy policy below describes the measures taken by us to protect your privacy in connection with your use of our Mobile Application.
WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT, AND WHEN DO WE COLLECT IT?
Information You Provide.
GoodRx does not collect any personally identifiable information from those who use the Mobile Application unless a visitor provides this information, for instance by registering or requesting discount cards. In order to send pricing information or coupons to yourself or a third party, you must provide us with your or the third party’s contact information, such as an mailing address, phone number or email address. By providing a mailing address, email address or phone number, you warrant that you have permission to send information, including prescription-specific information, to the specific mailing address, email address and phone number provided. If you providing such contact information on behalf of a third party, you confirm that the third party is requesting to be contacted with prescription-related information at the provided e-mail address and/or phone number and that the third party acknowledges that there may be some risk that the information in the communication(s) could be read. You also confirm that the third party has read and understands the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Communications With Us.
When you contact us by email or other communications, we give us permission to store and disseminate that information as needed to respond to your request and improve our services.
Log Information.
When you access GoodRx Services, our servers automatically record certain information. These logs include information such as the date and time you access our Mobile Application, the device you are using, your location and other common information. We will use this log information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Mobile Application. Your log information also may be used to gather broad demographic information. GoodRx collects and stores this information.
Cookies.
A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit our mobile application. We use cookies to collect, store and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. If you are a registered user, we will use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. We also use cookies that let us know your location, the drug information viewed on our Mobile Application and actions taken on while on our Mobile Application (“referrer information”). If you are a registered user, the foregoing information is associated with your GoodRx account information. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information. You should know that if you visit other websites, you may be required to accept third party cookies. We do not control use of any cookies that are websites on your computer when you visit third party websites; and we expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.
We use remarketing with Google and other remarketing providers to advertise online. We may place cookies on your computer or other devices to assist Google and other third parties to feed advertisements to you based on your past visits to GoodRx and other websites and Mobile Applications; and we may also allow other third parties, including Google, to do so as well. However, we never provide advertisers or any other third parties any information that reveals a personal health condition or personal health information.
Demographics and Interest Information.
The GoodRx Mobile Application has implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest reporting. This tool enables us to view demographic and other information aggregated from the overall population of the visitors to our Mobile Application. This does not include any personally identifiable information.
Information Received From Pharmacy Benefit Managers.
Most prescriptions purchased in the Unites States, including prescriptions filled through the use of discount coupons, loyalty cards or insurance co-pays, result in the pharmacy reporting patient data back to the company that provides the benefit. When a person uses a coupon provided by GoodRx, we sometimes receive personally identifying information about the user and other transaction information from the corresponding Pharmacy Benefit Manager. This information may include prescription information such as the user’s name, date of birth, location, physician’s name and when and where the user filled the prescription.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
Price Alerts, Coupons, Discount Cards.
We use provided mailing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers to send information, including prescription-specific information such as price alerts or coupons. By providing a mailing address, email address or phone number, you warrant that you have permission to send information, including prescription-specific information, to the specific mailing address, email address and phone number provided. If you providing such contact information on behalf of a third party, you confirm that the third party is requesting to be contacted with prescription-related information at the provided e-mail address and/or phone number and that the third party acknowledges that there may be some risk that the information in the communication(s) could be read. You also confirm that the third party has read and understands the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy.
Tracking Information.
We use location information, the drug information you view while on our Mobile Application, the referrer information and, if you are a registered user of the Mobile Application, your account information in order to provide you with better, faster service, particularly for recurring visits. We also use referrer information to generate group numbers on coupons for tracking.
Information Received From Pharmacy Benefit Managers.
We de-identify information we receive from Pharmacy Benefit Managers, in order to remove personally identifiable information including name and date of birth. We may retain the non-personally identifiable transaction information we receive for analysis. GoodRx may share aggregated, de-identified data that does not identify the user of a coupon with partners in a variety of ways, for instance by providing reports breaking down usage by geography. When we provide this information, we take legal and technical measures to ensure that the data does not identify you and cannot be associated back to you.
WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH?
We will only share provided contact information with third parties in order to fulfill requests for discount cards, pricing information or coupons. For instance, if you request a discount card to be mailed to the address you provided, your name and address will be shared with the third parties we use to fulfill discount card requests.
We may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process served on us; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act in an emergency to protect someone's safety.
We may request and gather other information from you (for example, your Medicare plan) from time to time. We will not share any personal information that you provide with any third party in a manner that personally identifiable manner, unless it is to fulfill requests for discount cards, pricing information or coupons. Otherwise, when we share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.
As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets, and, depending upon the transaction, the personally identifiable information you provide may be one of the transferred assets. In the event that we are acquired by another company, your personal information may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party.
HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU?
We will retain the information we collect from you in our system indefinitely. If you would like information deleted, you may request deletion by emailing us at info@goodrx.com.
WHAT ABOUT KIDS’ PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?
Our Mobile Application is not directed to children under the age of 13. We assume our Mobile Application is used by adults or minors supervised by a parent are guardian. We respect the privacy of parents and children and are committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We may ask prospective users to provide their age during the registration process and on other areas of our Mobile Application. If a user indicates that he or she is under the age of 13 then all personal data collected during the registration process is automatically deleted except that we may retain and use limited information, such as the child's email address, for a limited period of time, in those cases where we believe that the collection and use of such information is permitted under COPPA.
If a parent believes that his or her child has provided us with personal information, he or she can contact us via email or postal mail as listed below. We will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13.
We believe that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission.
WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU KNOW ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY?
Security.
We work hard to protect GoodRx and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. We maintain industry standard security measures to protect sensitive data. All cookies are encrypted. If you register to establish an account or to receive price alerts, your password is also encrypted. Although we will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure.
Links to Other Mobile Applications.
Our Mobile Application may contain hyperlinks and pointers to other Mobile Applications or websites maintained by third parties. These links are provided for your reference only. We do not control, operate or endorse in any respect information, products or services on such third-party Mobile Applications or websites and are not responsible for their content. Many third-party Mobile Applications or websites have their own privacy policies that differ from ours. This privacy policy only covers our Mobile Application and does not cover any other Mobile Application or website. While we make every effort to keep your information secure, we do not control the policies of other Mobile Applications.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may make changes in our privacy policy from time to time. When we do so, we will post the revised privacy policy on our Mobile Application. Please check the revision date at the top of this page to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it
CONTACTING GOODRX
We would like to receive your comments and questions about this Privacy Policy and any other matter you have regarding our Mobile Application. Please address comments or questions to us via email or postal mail.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at:
GoodRx, Inc.
Copyright ©2018 GoodRx, Inc.
GoodRx is not sponsored by or affiliated with any of the pharmacies identified in its price comparisons. All trademarks, brands, logos and copyright images are property of their respective owners and rights holders and are used solely to represent the products of these rights holders. This information is for informational purposes only and is not meant to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. GoodRx is not offering advice, recommending or endorsing any specific prescription drug, pharmacy or other information on the site. GoodRx provides no warranty for any of the pricing data or other information. Please seek medical advice before starting, changing or terminating any medical treatment.
×
Cancel
