Our Online Terms of Use and Privacy Policy have changed
Accept
Get directions and details on the Dunkin’ Donuts nearest to you!
Privacy Policy
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF ANY DUNKIN’ BRANDS (INCLUDING DUNKIN’ DONUTS AND BASKIN-ROBBINS) ONLINE SERVICES THAT POST A LINK TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, INCLUDING OUR WEBSITES, APPLICATIONS, PLATFORMS, LOYALTY PROGRAM, STORED VALUE CARDS, FRANCHISEE PROGRAMS AND OTHER ONLINE PROGRAMS (“DD/BR ONLINE SERVICES”). BY DOWNLOADING OR USING ANY OF THE DD/BR ONLINE SERVICES, YOU ARE AGREEING THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF USE.  IF YOU DISAGREE WITH ANY PART OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR OUR TERMS OF USE , THEN PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY OF THE DD/BR ONLINE SERVICES.
 
You can jump to specific areas of our Privacy Policy by clicking on the links below, or you can read on for the full Privacy Policy:
Information You Provide
 
 
 
Name and Contact Data:  We collect your first and last name;mailing address;telephone number;e-mail address, and other similar contact data.  If you are a franchisee, we collect your contact information and that of your employees;
Credentials:  We collect username and password , and similar security information(for account authentication and administration);
Demographic Data:  We collect information about your interests and activities, your gender, month and day of birth, and other demographic information;
Payment Data:  We collect data necessary to process your payments if you make purchases through the DD/BR Online Services, such as your financial account information and other payment information, or other forms of payment including Stored Value Cards (which may include Personal Information);
Contacts:  In some cases, we may collect information that you provide about others, including Personal Information, such as when you send your contacts benefits, coupons, or gifts. We will use the information you provide to fulfill your requests, including (if applicable) sending them a text message, and we will not send marketing communications to your contacts unless they have a separate relationship with us. Such functionality is intended only for United States residents.  By using this functionality, you acknowledge and agree that both you and your contacts are based in the U.S. and that you have your contacts’ consent for us to use their contact information to fulfill your request;
Content:  We collect the content of messages you send to us, such as feedback and information you provide to customer service.  We also collect the content of your communications as necessary to provide you with the DD/BR Online Services you use;
Contests/Promotions:  We may collect additional Personal Information necessary for the administration of certain promotional events or features of our Loyalty Program; and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For further information on Third Party Services, see the “Third Parties” section below.
How We Use the Information We Collect
 
process and manage the DD/BR Online Services, including your use of our products and services;
perform services requested by you, such as torespond to your inquiries or requests;
communicate with you in connection with our and third party products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and marketing efforts, such as when we send you offers and promotions that you can take advantage of through the DD/BR Online Services or at your local Dunkin’ Donuts or Baskin-Robbins shop (for information about how to manage these communications and marketing efforts, please see “Your Rights and Choices” below);
maintain, market, and improve our Loyalty Program;
further our business purposes, such as to perform data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, to enhance, improve or modify the DD/BR Online Services, to identify usage trends, determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to operate, improve and expand our business activities; and
 
We also use information about you with your consent, including to:
create and deliver personalized content, features, and promotions, including based on the amounts and types of purchases you make and benefits you receive;
communicate with you about Dunkin’ Brands, including about your orders or purchases, your services, accounts, reminders about events, contests you entered into, your requests for information, and to update you about changes to the DD/BR Online Services;
allow you to send communications or benefits (for example gifting through the Dunkin’ Donuts mobile application) to friends or family through the DD/BR Online Services if you and your friends/family are located in the US; and 
 
We may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been de-identified) without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we use your information, please see the section entitled “Your Rights and Choices” below.
How We May Disclose Information We Collect
We may share information about you, including Personal Information, with third parties for any purposes consistent with our statements under this Privacy Policy or as permitted by applicable law, including as follows:
Service Providers
We may disclose your information to thirdparty service providers to provide us with services such as website hosting, professional services, including information technology services and related infrastructure, customer service, marketing, e-mail delivery, auditing and other similar services.
Affiliates
 
 
 
 
We may disclose your information to our business partners and other third parties for their own business purposes, including direct marketing purposes (California residents and data subjects in Europehave certain rights set forth in “Your California Privacy Rights” and “Your European Privacy Rights” below).
Sharing at Your Request
We may disclose your information to third parties in order to perform services you request or functions you initiate, such as when you post information and materials on our message boards and forums. When you post information in a public forum it becomes public information, and you are solely responsible for that information. In addition, we may disclose your information in order to identify you to anyone to whom you send communications through the DD/BR Online Services, including through our gifting program.
Corporate Transactions or Events
We may disclose your information to a third party in connection with a corporate reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock, including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings.
Other Legal Reasons
 
Consent.
We may share your information for any other purpose disclosed to you and with your consent.
Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may share aggregated information which does not identify you or de-identified information about you with franchisees, third parties, or Affiliates for any purpose, except as prohibited by applicable law. For information on your rights and choices regarding how we share your information, please see the “Your Rights and Choices” section below.
Sweepstakes, Contests, Promotions.
We may offer sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions (each, a “Promotion”) jointly sponsored or offered by third parties that may require submitting Personal Information. If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, your Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering, you agree to the official rules that govern that Promotion, and may, except where prohibited by applicable law, allow the sponsor and/or other parties to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing materials.
Third Party Services, Devices andLinks
 
 
 
 
 
For further information on Tracking Technologies and your rights and choices regarding them, please see “Information Collected Automatically” above and “Your Rights and Choices” below.
Your Rights and Choices
Review and Update of AccountInformation
 
 
 
 
 
              
 
 
 
              
We support the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) (“Principles”). This means that we allow you to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites for online interest based advertising purposes. More information about these Principles can be found at www.aboutads.info/. If you want to “opt out” of receiving online interest-based advertisementson your internet browser from advertisers and third parties that participate in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising and perform advertising-related services for us and our partners, please follow the instructions at  www.aboutads.info/choices , or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .  An “opt-out” Cookie will be placed on your device indicating that you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements.  Opt-out Cookies only work on the internet browser and device they are downloaded onto. If you want to opt-out of interest-based advertisements across all of your browsers and devices, you will need to opt-out on each browser on each device you actively use. If you delete Cookies on your device generally, you will need to opt-out again. If you want to “opt out” of receiving online interest-based advertisements on your mobile apps, please follow the instructions at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices .Please note that when you “opt-out” of receiving interest-based advertisements, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on the DD/BR Online Services.  It means that the online ads that you do see from participants shouldnot be based on your particular interests.Dunkin’ Brands is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. In addition, third parties may still useTracking Technologies tocollect information about your use of the DD/BR Online Services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as any other purpose permitted under the Principles.  
Your California Privacy Rights
Dunkin’ Brands may share personal information as defined by California’s “Shine the Light” law with third parties and/or Affiliates for such third par ties’ and Affiliates’ own direct marketing purposes. If you are a California customer, you are entitled to request certain information regarding our compliance with this law. To request such a notice, please send a letter to: Dunkin' Brands, Inc., 130 Royall Street, Canton, MA 02021, Attn: Customer Service.Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that Dunkin’ Brands is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided e-mail address or mail address.
Your European Privacy Rights
 
 
If you have any issues with our compliance, you have the right to lodge a complaint with an EEA supervisory authority.
Children’s Online Privacy
Dunkin’ Brands recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of children online. The DD/BR Online Services are intended for general audiences and are not directed to children under thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect personal informationas defined by the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) from children in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA.  
If you become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personal informationas defined by COPPA through the DD/BR Online Services, we ask that you e-mail us at customerservice@dunkinbrands.com . If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information as defined by COPPA, we will delete the child’s information from our records to the extent required by COPPA.
International Transfer
 
This English-language privacy policy is Dunkin’ Brands’ official statement of its online privacy practices. In case of any inconsistency between this English-language privacy policy and its translation into another language, this English-language document shall control.
Data Controller Information
The data controller with respect to the data processing described in this Privacy Policy depends on the processing at issue. When you provide your information through a website or application operated by Dunkin’ Brands that posts a link to this Privacy Policy, the data controller is Dunkin’ Brands, located at the address in the section entitled “Contact Us”. Sometimes Dunkin’ Brands operates as a processor on behalf of a franchisee, a separate legal entity, which is the controller. If that is the case, the Privacy Policy of the website or application in question will identify the name of the applicable franchisee controller.
Data Security
We implement and maintain reasonable administrative, physical, and technical security measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet is not completely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the DD/BR Online Services.
Updates to this Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes will be effective immediately upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes through a prominent notice on the DD/BR Online Servicesor notify you directly. Regardless of our efforts, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy each time you visit the DD/BR Online Services.
Contact Us
 
 
©2018 DD IP Holder LLC. Name, design, logos and related marks are registered trademarks of DD IP Holder LLC. All rights reserved.
Related Links
