Last Updated: 06/15/2018
1. Introduction and Intention
Navy Federal Credit Union strives to serve your needs and to protect your identity and any information we collect about you.
Our Privacy Policy:
covers your interaction with Navy Federal Credit Union, its affiliates, and companies engaged by Navy Federal and its affiliates to render online services when you visit any mobile or online site or application that we own, including, but not limited to, our website, navyfederal.org, and our mobile apps (“Sites”);
describes the categories of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we may collect about you when you visit our Sites;
describes the categories of other persons or entities with whom we may share your Personal Information;
discloses whether other parties may collect Personal Information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites;
describes the way you can review and request changes to any of your Personal Information that we collect;
describes how we will inform you of important changes to our Privacy Policy;
discloses how we respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other opt-out mechanisms;
discloses if we engage in the collection of your Personal Information about your online activities over time and across different websites;
describes how we safeguard children’s privacy;
describes the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation; and
makes clear that no action on your part is needed.
2. What Information Do We Collect?
We may collect Personal Information when you enter data into an application for new products or services or when you use our products and services. Personal Information may include your name, Access Number, home or other physical address, Social Security Number, telephone number, and email address. We do not collect Personal Information from you when you simply browse our Sites. However, our Sites may collect non-Personal Information such as your IP address and device identifier.
We take your online privacy seriously and make the safeguarding of your Personal Information a priority. We collect Personal Information only as allowed by law. Use of the internet makes it possible for other parties to collect data about your online activities over time and across different websites, including when you use our Sites.   Please click here to learn more about Mobile and Online Security.
3. With Whom Do We Share the Information We Collect?
We may share your Personal Information with affiliates in accordance with the practices set forth in our Consumer Privacy Policy . We do not sell your Personal Information. We may use or share your non-Personal Information to enhance your experience on our Sites, to help deliver our ads on your web browser, and to measure advertising campaign effectiveness.
4.  Keeping Your Information Accurate
It is important that we have accurate and up-to-date information about you. If you notice that your information is incomplete, inaccurate, or out of date, please contact us at 1-888-842-6328 or visit a branch. You can also review and request changes to certain Personal Information such as your email address, mailing address, and telephone number on our Sites.
5. Policy Updates
We may change our policy from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. Any changes to our policy will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.  On May 25, 2018, new privacy regulations from the European Union, known as the GDPR, took effect. The regulations are designed to protect privacy rights of residents of EU countries. We comply with the GDPR as applicable.
6. How You Can Control Your Information
Our Sites are designed for optimal viewing with cookies enabled (cookies are small text files that collect internet traffic data). For example, cookies store your preferences for when you visit our Sites. If your web browser settings allow cookies, our Sites will utilize them. You may disable or remove cookies by accessing your web browser settings.  Our Sites will still function without cookies, but some features may not work properly.  Please note that due to a lack of consistent standards across browsers, our Sites may not respond to “do not track” browser settings.  We do not monitor your online activities after you leave our Sites.
We only use your Personal Information for certain purposes allowed by law (see Section 3 and refer to our Consumer Privacy Policy ), which you cannot limit. Additionally, you cannot opt out of our sharing non-Personal Information such as your IP address and device identifier.
You may, however, be able to opt out of certain advertisements. To learn more about a particular advertising network (including how to opt out), click on the industry group network symbol or link located on the advertisement.
7. Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under the age of 13 who use our Sites without obtaining consent from a parent or legal guardian.
To learn more about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), please visit the National Credit Union Administration Regulatory Alert by clicking here or the Federal Trade Commission’s website by clicking here .
8. Do You Need to Take Any Action at This Time?
No, you do not need to take any action regarding any of the above.
Navy Federal Information
Mission Statement
Since 1933, Navy Federal Credit Union has grown from seven members to over 8 million members. And, since that time, our vision statement has remained focused on serving our unique field of membership:
“Be the most preferred and trusted financial institution serving the military and their families.”
About Navy Federal
Navy Federal conducts all member business in English. All origination, servicing, collections and marketing materials are provided in English only. As a service to members, we will attempt to assist members who have limited English proficiency, where possible. Military images used for representational purposes only; do not imply government endorsement. - Android™, Google Pay™ and Google Play™ are trademarks of Google LLC. The Android Robot is reproduced or modified from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License. Apple™, Apple Pay™, iPhone™, iSight™, Wallet™, Touch ID™ and iTunes™ are trademarks of Apple, Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App StoreSM is a service mark of Apple, Inc. - Amazon, Kindle, Fire and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
APY = Annual Percentage Yield | APR = Annual Percentage Rate
+Rates are based on an evaluation of credit history, so your rate may differ.
++Rates are variable and based on an evaluation of credit history, so your rate may differ.
*Message and data rates may apply. Terms and Conditions are available.
Use of Cookies by Navy Federal Online
