Last Updated: May 21, 2018
This Privacy Policy (our “Policy”) describes the ways in which Wikibuy, LLC (“Wikibuy, LLC”, “we,” or “us”) collects, processes, stores, transfers, and manages information when you use  our website at wikibuy.com (the Wikibuy “Site”), our Wikibuy browser extension, and all related websites, networks, applications, and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy is displayed (collectively, together with the Site, “Wikibuy” or the “Service”).
In this Policy, reference is made to our “affiliates,” which shall include companies that are affiliated with us by reason that these companies are in the same common ownership as us. Affiliates shall also include the parent company of the group of which we are a member.
This Policy describes the information that we gather from you through Wikibuy, how we use and disclose such information, and the steps we take to protect such information. By using Wikibuy, you expressly consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy, including our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the terms herein. This Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Wikibuy Terms of Service.
If you have consented to participate in our Card-Linked Offers program (the “CLO Program”), also known as Local Offers,  the data collection, use, and sharing practices in connection with the program is described below. If you would like to opt out of card linking and transaction monitoring in connection with the program, please select Linked Cards under your Account & Settings (found here ), then click “Unlink” next to the payment card(s) you would like to remove from the CLO Program.  You must confirm your opt-out of the CLO Program by clicking “Yes, Unlink” on the opt-out confirmation modal.
Information We Collect Through Wikibuy. Wikibuy is a tool that allows you to share purchase information with us—including pricing information, coupon information, and product related information—that we will collect in order to provide you with more useful pricing information and help you buy items at a lower price when available.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Privacy Policy, we and our third party service providers (including Empyr, Inc.) will use transaction information in ways including as follows:
User-provided Information.When you use Wikibuy, you may provide us with certain information about yourself, such your name and email address, and we may link this information with other information about you. You may provide us with information in various ways on Wikibuy. For example, you provide us with information when you register for an account (including a user name and password), use Wikibuy, make a purchase on another website using the Service, or send us customer service-related requests. Additionally, Wikibuy will use your mailing address and shipping information for delivering purchases and verifying the authenticity of orders to you. When you purchase a product, Wikibuy may initiate the purchase on your behalf from a third-party seller (“Seller”), in which case, we will share your shipping information, including your provided name, email address, other contact information and any other personal information you provide, as necessary, with the Seller for delivery, transactional execution, and order verification purposes. Any personal information provided to the Seller by Wikibuy, LLC will be governed by the Seller’s own privacy policy, and Wikibuy, LLC is not responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of personal information provided to a Seller or any damages suffered by you as a result of the Seller’s disclosure of such information. When you use the Service, we also collect from you information about your purchases, including purchase history on various Seller websites and services, product pages viewed, the price you paid for items, whether a purchase was made, and the coupons that you used (including information regarding whether or not a coupon or coupon code is valid or effective). We may also collect information on coupons and other discounts that you find using the Service, even if you do not use such coupons, so that we may share this coupon and discount information with other users. We may also collect certain personal information such as your name and email address, when you sign up to receive Wikibuy publications, blogs, or newsletters provided to you by us. Furthermore, if you sumbit comments or any other User Content (as defined in the Terms of Service), we may collect personal information contained in such User Content. We use this information as described in this Policy, including to provide the Service and to improve Wikibuy.
Cookies and Automatically Collected Information. When you use Wikibuy, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your device. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to use the features of the Service to their fullest potential, and you will need to re-enter your information to gain access to certain parts of the Service and you may not be able to access other parts of the Service. Please also note that the Service does not respond to “do not track” signals from browsers. Thus, your selection of the “do not track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes. We may also automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, including “clear gifs" or “web beacons.” This automatically collected information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, web pages or sites that you visit, the content you view or interact with on the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all users, and may be connected with other information about you.
Location Information.  We may obtain information about your physical location, such as by use of GPS and other geolocation features in your device, when you provide us with location information (such as an address in connection with shipping goods), or by inference from other information we collect (for example, your IP address indicates the general geographic region from which you are connecting to the Internet).
Third Party Web Beacons and Third Party Buttons. Wikibuy may display third-party content, including third-party advertising.  Third-party content may use cookies, web beacons, or other mechanisms for obtaining data in connection with your viewing of the third party content on the Service. Additionally, we may implement third party buttons (such as Facebook “like” or “share” buttons) that may function as web beacons even when you do not interact with the button. Information collected through third-party web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties, not by us. Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.
Information from Other Sources. We may obtain information from third parties and sources outside of Wikibuy, such as our partners, affiliates, and advertisers. This information may include, but is not limited to, order references.
Payment Information. If you make a purchase through the Service, we may use certain third party payment processors (“Payment Processors”) to process personal financial information such as name, phone number, address, postal code, and credit card or bank account information for the purposes of allowing you to purchase various items via the Service. This information is provided directly to such Payment Processors, and we do not store this information on our servers or computer systems. Such information is used solely for the purpose of allowing users to make purchases.
Transaction Data. If you register for and use any Wikibuy Card-Linked Offers program (the “CLO Program”), also known as Local Offers, we and our third party service providers (including Empyr, Inc.) may collect certain details regarding transactions (collectively “Transaction Data.”) made at participating merchants to calculate points, redeem rewards and otherwise facilitate your participation in the CLO Program and other aspects of the Service. Such Transaction Data may include user account information, user name, merchant name, transaction amount, transaction date, and time.  By registering for the CLO Program and checking any affirmative opt-in enrollment buttons or checkboxes, you affirmatively authorize and consent to the collection use, storage and sharing of Transaction Data as described in this Policy.
How We Use the Information We Collect. We use information collected through or by Wikibuy in various ways to provide the Service and operate our business, including the following:
We use the information that we collect through Wikibuy to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to users, to allow users to make purchases from Sellers, redeem Wikibuy Credits, and to process and deliver entries and rewards in connection with promotions that may be offered from time to time on the Service.
We use the information that we collect on the Service to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve Wikibuy, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
We may use your email address or other information we collect to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service or to send communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties we work with. Generally, you have the ability to opt out of receiving promotional communications as described below under “Your Choices.”
We may use cookies and automatically collected information to:  (i) personalize the Service, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Wikibuy and third-party marketing activities; (iv) monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, status in any promotions or other activities on or through Wikibuy. (vi) identify you when you access, visit, or log-in to the Service; (vii) note the different areas of the Service and which have recently been accessed through your computer; and (viii) analyze and improve website security
We use Transaction Data, under our CLO Program, to confirm a Qualifying Purchase (as defined in the Terms of Service) or return to match transactions, in order to confirm whether you qualify for a statement credit or offer.  We may also use Transaction Data in order to: (i) create a record of Transaction Data and thereafter maintain and use such Transaction Data in operating the CLO Program; and (ii) conduct analysis for the improvement and optimization of the CLO Program.
When We Disclose Information. Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your information that we collect through Wikibuy to third parties without your consent. We may sell or disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
We may generally disclose personal information as necessary to provide the Service, or any products or services your request in relation to the Service.
Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users.
We work with third party service providers to provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, and other services for us (including Payment Processors). These third parties may have access to or process your information as part of providing those services for us. Generally, we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such information.
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws, in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of Wikibuy and any facilities or equipment used to make Wikibuy available, or (v) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements, the Wikibuy Terms of Service, and this Policy), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
We may disclose personal information as necessary to investigate and correct technical problems and malfunctions in the Service or the computer systems that support the Service.
Information about our users may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, successor, or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
We may make certain aggregated, automatically-collected, or otherwise non-personal information available to the public or to third parties for various purposes, including (i) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist third parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through Wikibuy.
We may disclose personal information to our affiliates.
We may share Transaction Data with participating merchants, third party service providers (including Empyr, Inc. and other providers in the future) in our CLO Program, where a transaction occurred as needed for the merchant to confirm whether a specific transaction occurred or whether points should be awarded.  For example, we may share the date and amount of your purchase and the last four digits of your credit card number so the merchant can verify your purchase with its records if there is a missing or disputed transaction.
We may provide participating merchants and third party service providers (including Empyr, Inc. and other providers in the future) in our CLO Program aggregated and anonymized information, including aggregated and anonymized Transaction Data, relating specifically to registered card activity, solely to allow such participating merchants and third party service providers to assess the results of their card-linked offers campaigns.
For any payment card you enrolled in our CLO program, we may register or transfer that enrolled payment card (and associated Transaction Data) with any of our third party service providers including new providers in the future as the offerings change.
We may disclose Transaction Data pursuant to a request from a governmental authority or a Payment Processor involved in a transaction with you or a merchant.
You authorize the sharing, exchange and use of Transaction Data described above and herein by and among Wikibuy, participating merchants, third party service providers, and payment card networks.
Personal information may be available to third parties as noted in the preceding paragraphs. We make no representations or warranties about the acts or omissions of such third parties, including whether such parties will keep such information confidential.
Storage of Data
We may indefinitely store any information that you provide to us or any of our affiliates through the Service. We also reserve the right to delete such information for any reason and for no reason.
Your Choices
You may, of course, decline to share certain information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of Wikibuy’s features and functionality. If you wish to access or amend any other personal information we hold about you, you may contact us at help@wikibuy.com . Please note that while any changes you request may be reflected in active user databases within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so. Please also note that requested changes to your personal information may be subject to a fee paid by you to cover our costs.
If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt out from receiving commercial email from us by sending your request to us by email at help@wikibuy.com . We may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us in user account functionality on the Service.  Please be aware that if you opt out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request. Additionally, even after you opt out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding Wikibuy.
At this time, we do not respond to automated signals regarding tracking mechanisms, including “do not track” signals. However, your browser may allow you change settings relating to cookies or similar technologies.  Please be aware that blocking cookies or other similar technologies may prevent you from using the Service to its fullest extent, including many of the personalized features available through Wikibuy.
We use Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data and analyze your use of the Service. We also use Google reCAPTCHA to protect pages on wikibuy.com. Both of these services are subject to the Google Privacy and Terms of Service. Google provides some additional privacy options described at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ .
Third-Party Services
We may provide features or links to websites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. The fact that a link to a third-party website exists on the Service does not mean that the third-party site operates under the same or similar privacy practices as set forth in this Policy. If you access a third party website using a link, then you do so at your own risk. You acknowledge that your access of any links to social media features on the Service (e.g., links to Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, etc.) is governed by the terms of use and privacy policies of the companies providing such social media features. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
Children’s Privacy
Our Site is a general audience site not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we are made aware that we have collected personal information from a child under 13 years old in a manner that is inconsistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States, then we will delete this information as soon as practicable.
Data Security
We use reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of information that we collect and maintain. Please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and the transmission of data through the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Neither Wikibuy, LLC, nor its affiliates, nor any of their respective employees, officers or agents or the provider of the internet services on behalf of Wikibuy, LLC (nor any other person involving the management or establishment of the Service) can give any representation or warranty as to the absolute security of the data transmitted using the Service and cannot give any guarantee that such data will not be compromised by bad actors. If you choose to provide data to or allow collection of data by Wikibuy, LLC or any of its affiliates or any of their respective officers, directors or employees, agents, or independent contractors, then you do so understanding the aforementioned risk.
International Visitors
The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within the United States. If you choose to use Wikibuy from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating Wikibuy. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to Wikibuy, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
Changes and Updates to this Policy
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify this Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision.
Our Contact Information
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your Information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at help@wikibuy.com .
Wikibuy.
the best coupon code at checkout, and lets you know
when prices drop on products you've viewed and purchased.
© 2018 Wikibuy
Wikibuy gets you better offers and applies the best coupon code at checkout, automatically.
