Summary
User Score
Your Score
Invasion of Privacy
Share this?
Summary: The debut full-length studio release for the New York rap artist features guest appearances from 21 Savage, Chance The Rapper, Kehlani, and SZA.
Buy On
94
Funny, fierce, foul-mouthed and in-your-face, Invasion of Privacy is one of the most powerful debuts of this millennium.
90
Iit's her softer singles that add a new dimension to her artistry. While Cardi B's own relationship with Migos's Offset has been thrown into the spotlight, Invasion of Privacy feels like her Lemonade moment, one that magnifies her insecurities for public consumption.
83
Where Cardi B struggles to perfect the timing of her flow, she makes up for it with the heft of her voice. Combining the gruff delivery of Biggie Smalls with the bird-flipping fire of Tupac Shakur and the bubbly aura of a tween star, Cardi deploys a hybridized power vocal that punctuates trap and bounce-heavy pop with a witty presence that makes her narrative universally accessible.
80
In an age of slurred mumble-rap and sing-song delivery, there’s an old-school satisfaction in hearing someone deliver their bars with such, well, finesse.
80
Her delivery style at best gives delicious mile-a-minute tongue-twisters, enhanced by that distinctive New Yawhk-Latinx accent. The brash vitality of the way Cardi B spits is genuinely thrilling and potent.
80
Mostly this album succeeds on attrition and attitude, much like ‘Bodak Yellow’ did.
50
Amusing, yes. Revolutionary? Not quite so much. ... Right now she's doing what sells and it's "Bodak Yellow" all day until her 15 minutes fades away.
10
the production of this album is amazing. it was worth the push back. after 4 months of its release I still jam to this album no skips. verythe production of this album is amazing. it was worth the push back. after 4 months of its release I still jam to this album no skips. very refreshing album took me back to the 80 and 90s. where u can enjoy an album with no skips . congrats to cardi b on this classic album. cant wait to hear her new music. make sure to you purchase this album its worth your money.… Expand
10
Thru Your Phone dona do álbum, porém há vários outros hinos. Se só o debut é esse hinário todo, imagina os próximos álbuns. VEM, CARDI, seuThru Your Phone dona do álbum, porém há vários outros hinos. Se só o debut é esse hinário todo, imagina os próximos álbuns. VEM, CARDI, seu espaço e relevância na indústria musical já estão firmados.… Expand
10
This album is a true masterpiece from beginning to end, no skips at all. The music is relatable, fun and storytelling.
8
The only think I hate about Cardi B is her accent. For the rest, this is a great start for her.
5
Too much of this album is simply 50 shades of Bodak, the appeal of which was never really apparent to me anyway.  There are a few great tracksToo much of this album is simply 50 shades of Bodak, the appeal of which was never really apparent to me anyway.  There are a few great tracks where Cardi B breaks from the monotony of the rest of the album, but they are too few to make up for the rest.  This debut definitely shows promise, but in the end misses the mark much more often than it hits it.… Expand
0
this is s**tt not desgusting the horrible album cardi b payola shame and not artist
0
All the people featured on the album did better than her. Khelani was so good that I wish that song was hers. She's so underrated but soAll the people featured on the album did better than her. Khelani was so good that I wish that song was hers. She's so underrated but so talented. I was hoping Cardi would get better with the enunciation of words but I guess not. Not buying the album but I hope Khelani gets the shine she deserves.… Expand
Published: July  3, 2018
We rank the 25 highest-scoring albums released during the first half of 2018.
We Deal With Criticism® 
