Privacy Policy
InfoSource, Inc. (“InfoSource” or “we” or “us”) owns and operates this website (this “Site”). We recognize that you may be concerned about our treatment of the personally identifiable information (“Information”) that you provide to us on this Site. Accordingly, this privacy policy (this “Policy”) addresses those concerns and both describes the Information that we may collect and explains how we will use your Information. It is our policy to comply with all applicable privacy and data protection laws. This commitment reflects the value we place on earning and keeping the trust of our employees, customers, business partners and others who share their Information with us.
You should note that when you leave this Site, whether via a link provided by us or otherwise, you may enter a site owned and controlled by a third party (“Third Party Sites”). This Policy does not apply to any Information that you share on Third Party Sites. Before disclosing Information, you should verify that you know the identity of the party to whom you are making a disclosure and the privacy policy that applies to the treatment of your Information.
Information Not Covered by this Policy
This Policy does not apply to any public area of this Site. To the extent that you disclose Information in any portion of our Site that can be viewed by the public or other registered users, or you disclose Information directly to another user, you understand that such disclosures do not fall under the scope of this Policy and you make such disclosures at your own risk.
Information Collection and Use
InfoSource collects very basic Information (such as, first and last name and Email address), that you will be asked to provide to us when you use certain InfoSource products or services, and when you participate in certain promotions. We do not ask for or collect social security numbers, driver’s licenses, bank account numbers or other Information that is more purely personal to your non-professional life.
For many users who enter this Site a third party such as an employer will already have paid the registration fee to secure the user’s access rights to this Site. To the extent that a third party does not pay for your personal access rights, you will be required to pay for our products or services using our shopping cart. When you purchase something from this Site, you will have the option of processing your purchase through PayPal or 1ShoppingCart, our service providers. When you indicate that you wish to make a credit card payment in order to register you will be transferred to either the PayPal or 1ShoppingCart website, depending on your selection, where you will complete your transaction. Your credit card information will be received and stored only by the credit card processing website that you select in accordance with its policies and will be seen by InfoSource or its employees or vendors only if you seek a refund.
PayPal is a service that allows members to send money without sharing financial information, with the flexibility to pay using their account balances, bank accounts, credit cards or promotional financing. PayPal will store your credit card information in accordance with its privacy policies. For more information on PayPal privacy policy, click here .
1ShoppingCart, a Web.com Group company, provides eCommerce shopping cart services. For more information on the 1ShoppingCart privacy policy, click here .
Unique identifiers such as cookies (which may be html files, Flash files, or other technology), web beacons, or similar technologies (collectively referred to as “Tracking Technologies”) are used to help tailor our content, allow users to move between associated websites without logging into each site, and other purposes related to our management of this Site and related sites. Cookies are small text files stored locally on your machine that help store user preferences. “Web beacons” or “clear gifs” are small pieces of code placed on websites used to collect advertising metrics, such as counting page views, promotion views, or advertising responses. Such Tracking Technologies are required for the InfoSource application to work properly. InfoSource may use the Information collected through the use of Tracking Technologies for authentication (security), storing site preferences or as the identifier for a server-based session. Most web browsers will allow you to delete Tracking Technologies at any time.
InfoSource does not engage in data mining, profiling, surveillance, data dredging, data fishing, data snooping or any similar techniques to extract information, track how you use your computer or record what web sites you visit. InfoSource does use the Information that it automatically collects from your use of this Site to track how you use this Site and the services that we offer. In addition, we collect this data for statistical analysis, archival purposes, and to improve the quality of our services.
InfoSource will use your Information (i) to enhance and personalize your experience on this Site; (ii) to generate statistics and information about traffic to and on this Site; (iii) to fulfill your requests for certain products and services; and (iv) for other business purposes.
This Site collects your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to determine the frequency with which our visitors look at various parts of this Site, and to administer this Site. The IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information such as geographic distribution of our visitors and may be used to allow us to provide goods and services appropriate to your place of residence.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
InfoSource may share your Information with third parties when:
We have your consent to share your Information; or
We need to share your Information to provide the product or service you have requested and in connection with the delivery of other information that InfoSource believes you will find useful or interesting.
If you are using this Site pursuant to an agreement between InfoSource and a third party such as your employer, that third party (all such third parties, including corporations, academic institutions, government agencies, or otherwise, “Employers”) will have full access to all of your activity on this Site and to your Information. You understand that the administrators designated by your associated Employer will be able to monitor all of your behavior on this Site and your Information and may share that in accordance with the associated Employer’s policies. If you have questions about your Employer’s use of your Information, you should consult your Employer.
InfoSource may also contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, shipping, data management, promotional services, and other services related to our business and to the products and services that you may purchase. InfoSource provides its service providers with the Information needed for them to perform these services. InfoSource also asks its service providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with this Policy.
Although unlikely, in certain instances we may disclose your contact Information when there is reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities that may be causing injury to you, to us or to others. We may also disclose your Information when we believe the law or legal process requires it.
In addition, if InfoSource merges into any other entity or is otherwise involved in any business combination in which it is not the surviving company, InfoSource will share your Information with the surviving entity only if the surviving entity has agreed to comply with the terms of this Policy.
Security
InfoSource has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your Information under our control. Once we receive your transmission, we will store all Information on secure servers behind a firewall. Our management team and its engineers regularly review and update the integrity of this Site and the security of your Information. InfoSource cannot, however, safeguard any data stored on your own personal computer or any public computer upon which you might elect to access this Site.
Opting-out, Correcting and Updating Your Information
InfoSource utilizes Email as a vital and primary communication channel with registered users of this Site. By providing us with your Email address, you grant to us (and our service providers, and our marketing partners) permission to communicate with you via Email for any purposes we determine to be relevant to your use of this Site or your relationship with us, including, but not limited to, system messages, product updates, service announcements, relevant educational sponsor offers, and other marketing messages.
Users who do not wish to receive marketing Emails may unsubscribe from future mailings by clicking the unsubscribe link included in all marketing Email messages. InfoSource occasionally communicates with its users via Email to provide information about requested services and regarding issues related to their account. Requesting the deletion of certain types of user information may prevent users from accessing some web site features.
If you are a registered user of this Site, you may correct or update your Information by contacting the administrator designated by your Employer.
When signing up for a webinar event sponsored by a SimpleK12 educational service partner, our sponsor may contact you via email about their product or service. Users who do not wish to receive information from our sponsors may unsubscribe from the sponsor’s email list at any time.
Certain Users
This Site is intended for use by users in the United States and is consequently directed towards residents of the United States. You may not use this Site if such use is prohibited by applicable law, rule or regulation.
This Site is also intended for use by users who have reached at least the age of thirteen (13) years. If you are under the age of thirteen (13) you should use this Site only with the approval and assistance of your parent or guardian.
Your California Privacy Rights
Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding InfoSource’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an Email to partners@simplek12.com or write us:
InfoSource, Inc.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the Information that we collect on this Site, your privacy or our security measures, please contact us at partners@simplek12.com. You may also write to us at the address provided above
Changes to this Privacy Policy
InfoSource may at any time revise this Policy by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current Policy to which you are bound.
Last Modified: January 14, 2013
Follow Us
September 10, 2018
With the app store growing daily, it can be difficult to ... Read More
Blog Categories
Sept. 15, 2018|10 am or 2 pm ET
We will show you how to get started with STEAM resources in your classroom!
No Thanks
We respect your privacy. Your information is safe and will never be shared.
Don't miss out. Subscribe today.
×
×
