 
Navient is dedicated to helping our clients and the people we serve along the path to their financial success. To further our mission, we host innovative websites and mobile applications and provide visitors with helpful and timely information along with interactive tools. We respect the privacy of our customers and visitors. We are also committed to protecting their online information with the same care that we use for all Navient company transactions.
Collecting, Using and Sharing Information
Unless otherwise described in this policy, the types and categories of information we collect from or about you as a consumer, and our use and sharing of any such information, are described in the Navient Privacy Notice . We may also use and share aggregated and other de-personalized information with third parties.
Log and Other Information
Our servers may automatically collect and store certain technical information when you visit or use our web sites, mobile device-enabled web sites or downloaded mobile applications (collectively referred to as “Sites”) including information such as the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the device you use to connect to the Internet, browser type, device type, mobile device ID (UDID), screen size and resolution, Internet Service Provider (ISP), the Site you came from and exited to, operating system, date/time stamp, and pages visited. If you give us your current physical location, for example, when you visit or use our Sites or enter your current address or ZIP code on our Sites, we may use and store that information to provide you with location-based information or messaging. If you do not want to give us your location, do not enter your current location on our Sites and do not allow your browser or mobile device to send it to us.
Cookies and Other Technologies
We and our affiliates or our third-party service providers may place and read data stored (via session and/or persistent "cookies" or other device specific storage capabilities) on the device you are using, and use other technologies such as Web beacons, clear GIFs, tracking pixels and tags, when you visit or use our Sites or open a Navient email. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your device for a variety of purposes, including to identify your device and/or your account when you return to a Navient Site. You can generally remove, block, or disable cookies by using the settings located in your browser. If you decide to remove or not accept cookies, some features and services on our Sites may not work properly and the offers we provide when you visit or use our Sites may not be as relevant to you or tailored to your interests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, third parties, including our service providers, may collect information about your online activities over time and across different Sites, including when you visit our Sites. Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals, but we do provide you the option to exercise an online behavioral advertising related opt out. For more information, please see below under Advertising on Our Sites.
Using Information
We and third parties, including our service providers, may use information from our server logs, cookies and other technologies, in combination with information you provide, transaction information, and information that we or they collect from others, to develop, offer, deliver and improve our products and services, to offer products and services of our affiliates, marketing partners and other companies, to process your transactions, to fulfill legal and regulatory requirements, and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. For example, we may use the information to:
– Operate Navient Sites;
– Deliver products and services to people who use our Sites;
– Understand how visitors use our Sites, assist us with resolving visitors' questions regarding the use of our Sites, and determine whether the content on our Sites is effective;
– Improve our Sites and service offerings;
– Personalize your experience on the Sites and customize the communications and advertisements you receive from us, our affiliates and others;
– Deliver online (for example, on our Sites, via email and as you visit or use third party Sites) and offline advertisements and other information about products or services offered by Navient, our affiliates, and others; and
– To let us know which emails have been opened by recipients to understand the effectiveness of our marketing and other communications and to make those communications more useful and interesting to you.
Advertising on Our Sites
Please see the About Our Ads page for a description of the ways in which we may display ads to users while on our Sites.
Additional Information
Unless prohibited by law, you have the right, upon reasonable notice, to view any personally identifiable information collected from you through your visits to or use of our Sites, to make corrections to such information if necessary, or to request that such information be removed from our systems. You may do so by contacting us at the address indicated at the end of this policy.
We do not intend to collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have collected this information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly take all reasonable steps to delete the data from our system.
From time to time, you may access our Sites through the Site of one of our marketing partners. We will try to show clearly whether a page is co-branded by placing our marketing partner's name or logo in a prominent place or otherwise. If you provide your information on a co-branded page, your registration information may be shared with our marketing partner.
Some of our Sites also permit you to access non-Navient Sites directly from our Sites. It is important to remember that if you link to a non-Navient Site from any of our Sites, that party's privacy policy and its terms and conditions of use apply to you. We encourage you to learn about each third party's privacy policy before giving your information to them.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about this policy, you are welcome to write or call us toll free at:
Consumer Privacy
(800) 428-1039
 
 
 
Navient and the Navient logo are registered service marks of Navient Solutions, LLC. Navient Corporation and its subsidiaries, including Navient Solutions, LLC, are not sponsored by or agencies of the United States of America.
© 2014 Navient Solutions, Inc.  All rights reserved.  Navient and the Navient logo are registered service marks of Navient Solutions, Inc.
