Effective Date: 13 May 2018
This Privacy Policy outlines the type of information carVertical collects from users who uses this website (hereinafter – Users), the way how their personal data is processed, the rights of data subjects and other relevant information.
The provisions of this Privacy Policy are in conformity with the Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (hereinafter – the General Data Protection Regulation).
Data controller, i.e. the company which determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data of Users is carVertical OÜ, registry code 14416655, address Narva mnt 5, Kesklinna district, Tallinn city, Harju county, 10117, VAT Number EE102059085, e-mail address info@carvertical.com (hereinafter – carVertical).
By visiting this website, you confirm that you are informed about processing of your personal data as described herein. If required by applicable law, we will seek your explicit consent to process personal data collected on this website or submitted voluntarily by you.
The purposes and basis of collecting personal data
carVertical may collect, record and analyze information of Users of this website. We may record your IP address and use cookies in order to customize content for Users, to show ads and to improve website by analyzing how Users navigate this website.
Furthermore, carVertical may collect and process any personal data that you voluntarily submit in the website, for example e-mail address, in order receive information, updates and newsletters.
Your personal data will be processed only for the above identified purposes. carVertical shall perform only such actions of your personal data processing, which are necessary to achieve the aforementioned purpose. Processing of your personal data shall be based on necessity for the performance of a contract (article No. 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). Any other actions of processing of your personal data shall be based on consent (article No. 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation) or other legal basis established in the General Data Protection Regulation.
Rights of data subjects
You have the to access your personal data, the right to revoke your consent, and other data subject rights indicated in the General Data Protection Regulation, including the right to request rectification or erasure of personal data or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject or to object to such processing, the right to data portability. Under applicable data protection laws you also have a right to submit a complaint to data protection authority.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a website to a User’s hard disk. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Two types of cookies are required to use the website:
Session Cookies are temporary cookies that remain only until you log out of the website or exit your web browser. Session Cookies store only a unique visitor ID number that may be used to ensure Users are properly authenticated and can view website information.
Persistent Cookies remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer, even after you leave the website. Persistent Cookies store preferences that should persist from visit to visit and enables us to understand how Users use the website.
Retention and deletion
We will not retain personal data longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations. At the end of the term, personal data will be deleted.
For further information
If you have any further questions regarding the data carVertical collects, or how we use it, then please feel free to contact us by email at: info@carvertical.com .
Changes of this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without further notice by posting changes online. Your continued use of the website after changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of changes of the Privacy Policy. It is your responsibility to regularly check this Privacy Policy to determine if there have been changes to this Privacy Policy and to review such changes. We will post the changes to this Privacy Policy on the website and will indicate the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any revised version will be deemed applicable when published on this website.
