Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you  how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
account balances and payment history
transaction history and credit history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons U.S. Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does U.S. Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes— such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes — to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
No
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
No*
To limit our sharing
Call 800-370-8580— our menu will prompt you through your choice or
Visit us online: http://www.usbank.com/privacy and tell us your preference on the "Exercise Your Privacy Choice" page.
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
To limit our direct marketing
Please note: We may contact our existing customers by mail, telephone, or email to offer additional financial products or services including products and services offered by nonaffiliates that we believe may be of interest to you. You may direct us not to send you such offers.
To limit our direct marketing to you by mail or telephone, please call 800-370-8580--our menu will prompt you through your choices, or visit us online: http://www.usbank.com/privacy and tell us your preference on the "Exercise Your Privacy Choice" page.
To limit our direct marketing to you by e-mail, visit us online: http://www.usbank.com/privacy and tell us your preference on the "Email Preferences" page.
Questions?
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
Companies with the U.S. Bank and U.S. Bancorp names and other affiliates. Please see below for a list of other affiliates that do not have a U.S. Bank or U.S. Bancorp name.
Except for California, North Dakota and Vermont residents, a different notice applies to customers who leased or purchased a vehicle and obtained U.S. Bank financing directly through a dealership. That notice from U.S. Bank--Dealer Financial Services is available online at http://www.usbank.com/privacy or by calling 800-437-9497.
What we do
How does U.S. Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does U.S. Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
tell us about your investment or retirement portfolio
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply individually—unless you tell us otherwise.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a U.S. Bank and U.S. Bancorp name; financial companies such as
U.S. Bank National Association and U.S. Bancorp Investments, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
U.S. Bank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you
Joint marketing
U.S. Bank doesn't jointly market
Other important information
You may have other privacy protections under applicable state laws.  To the extent these state laws apply, we will comply with them when we share information about you.
For California residents: In accordance with California law, we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of our corporate family, except as permitted by law, including, for example, with your consent or to service your account.  We will limit sharing among our companies to the extent required by California law.
For Vermont residents: In accordance with Vermont law, we will not share information we collect about you with companies outside of our corporate family, except as permitted by law, including, for example with your consent or to service your account.  We will not share information about your creditworthiness within our corporate family except with your authorization or consent, but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you within our corporate family without your consent.
For Nevada residents: We may contact our existing customers by telephone to offer additional financial products that we believe may be of interest to you. You have the right to opt out of these calls by adding your name to our internal do-not-call list. To opt out of these calls, or for more information about your opt out rights, please contact our customer service department. You can reach us by calling 800-USBANKS (800-872-2657), clicking the “Email Us” link at usbank.com/privacy, or writing to P.O. Box 64490, St. Paul, MN 55164. You are being provided this notice under Nevada state law. In addition to contacting U.S. Bank, Nevada residents can contact the Nevada Attorney General for more information about your opt out rights by calling 702-486-3132, emailing aginfo@ag.nv.gov, or by writing to:
Office of the Attorney General, Nevada Department of Justice, Bureau of Consumer Protection 100 North Carson Street, Carson City, NV 89701-4717
Additional U.S. Bancorp affiliates
Mississippi Valley Company
Red Sky Risk Services, LLC
*Please keep in mind that, as permitted by applicable law, if you have a private label credit card account with us, we share information about you with our financial or retail partners in connection with maintaining and servicing your account, including for that financial or retail partner to market to you. Federal law does not give you the right to limit this sharing.
If you are a U.S. Bank—Dealer Financial Services customer who is NOT a resident of California, North Dakota or Vermont who leased or purchased a vehicle and obtained U.S. Bank financing directly through an automotive dealership, a different pledge applies to your account. You may access the U.S. Bank—Dealer Financial Service Privacy Policy at U.S. Bank--Dealer Financial Services Privacy Policy.
Contact Us
Visit Us
Unsupported Browser
We've detected that you are currently accessing this site using an older version of Internet Explorer. We have not designed this site to support older versions of Internet Explorer. Therefore, you may encounter issues with how the site is displayed and how you can navigate through the site when using this older browser. We highly recommend you upgrade your current browser or download a new version of a different browser.
