Privacy Policy
Users of the Michigan Senate website can rest assured that we do not capture personal information about them.
Use of This Policy
Various websites are linked through the Michigan Senate website. State and local government agencies may have their own privacy statements posted on their sites, which take precedence over this policy. The Senate.Michigan.gov Privacy Statement does not apply to non Michigan Senate websites that may be linked from Senate.Michigan.gov. Visitors should read the privacy policies of individual sites and be cautious about providing personal information without a clear understanding of how the information will be used.
Privacy Statement
E-mail Messages: E-mail messages, sent to any Senate.Michigan.gov address, will be treated the same as any other written communication. They may be subject to public inspection or legal disclosure and may be saved for a period of time before they are destroyed. E-mail or other information requests sent to the Michigan Senate website may be maintained in order to respond to the request, forward that request to the appropriate agency, or to provide the web designer with valuable customer feedback to assist in improving the site. E-mail addresses obtained as a result of a request to the Michigan Senate site will not be sold or given to private companies for marketing purposes.
Electronic Forms: Any other information provided by a visitor at the request of a Michigan Senator’s office, such as the completion and electronic filing of a form, will be considered to be voluntarily provided by the visitor and will be treated in the same manner as information provided in written form or in person during a visit to the Michigan Senate. Information provided may be subject to public inspection and legal disclosure and may be saved for a period of time before it is destroyed. It may be shared with another Michigan Senate Office for appropriate action.
Surveys: Surveys will be used for the purpose stated. If personal information is collected it may be subject to public inspection and legal disclosure and may be saved for a period of time before it is destroyed.
Cookies: The Michigan Senate website does not use cookies. Cookies are small text files that a web server may ask your web browser to store, and to send back to the web server when needed. Cookies may be used to store transactional identifiers or other information a user may provide.
Contact Information
To offer comments about the Senate.Michigan.gov website or about information presented in this Privacy Statement, contact the webmaster@Senate.Michigan.gov
Michigan State Senate | PO Box 30036 | Lansing, MI 48909-7536
