1. What information do we gather about you?
Personal Information:  mundohispanico.com collects personal information such as name, e-mail address, age, gender, demographic information, household income (optional), and personal interest questions (optional) in a variety of situations, including but not limited to the following:
(i.)   When you register to be a member on mundohispanico.com
(ii.)  When you participate in contests
(iii.) When you subscribe / opt-in mundohispanico.com’s newsletter
* mundohispanico.com DOES NOT collect any credit card and billing information from our users.
Information Collected Automatically:   mundohispanico.com automatically collects certain information, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name, access times and referring website address.
(i.)  How do we use cookies?   Your web browser offers “cookies” which, if you allow their use, store small amounts of data on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information about you and therefore cannot be used to identify you personally. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best, and also enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser and Spot55 is viewable even if you disable the cookie function on your browser. However, if you disable cookies, some advanced and customized features will not be available to you.
2. What do we do with collected information?   We use the information we gathered about you to perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of mundohispanico.com and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our users. The information we gathered about you help us to better tailor our content to enhance your experience of navigating mundohispanico.com.
(i.) Third party advertisers:   Some of the banner ads displayed in our web sites are provided by third parties. These ads contain cookies and may also contain web beacons.
3. What control do our readers have over their personal information?   You may unsubscribe to any of our online e-mail updates or newsletters by following the unsubscribe instructions in the body of any e-mail message. You may unsubscribe to any communications from Third Party Partners by following the opt-out procedures contained in the e-mail or written communication sent by the applicable Third Party Partner.
4. COPPA Compliance:   mundohispanico.com does not collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13. The content of our site might not be suitable for children under the age of 13, and which are not necessarily monitored. We encourage all parents and legal guardians to talk to their children under their care about online safety and monitor their children’s use of the Internet.
5. “Shine the Light” Law:   This Privacy Policy discloses the user information that mundohispanico.com collects, how mundohispanico.com collects the information, how mundohispanico.com uses the information, the control mundohispanico.com’s readers have over their personal information, and how mundohispanico.com’s readers can protect their information.
6. Comments:   mundohispanico.com allows Facebook comments on the site; however, mundohispanico.com is not responsible for comments made by users on the site. mundohispanico.com will try its best to moderate any lewd and inappropriate content made by users.
7. International Users:   mundohispanico.com is hosted in the United States. If you access mundohispanico.com from any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from the United States law, please be advised that any information you provide on our website will be transferred to the United States. By visiting our site and submitting information, you authorize this transfer, processing and use.
8. Changes to Mundo Hispanico’s Privacy Policy:   mundohispanico.com’s Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. If we make a significant or material change in the way we use your personal information, the change will be posted on this page 30 days prior to taking effect and registered users will be notified via e-mail.
Last updated: April 16, 2013
¡Sé el primero en bajar el app de MundoHispánico!
