your browser is not supported
To use ASOS, we recommend using the latest versions of Chrome, Firefox, Safari or Internet Explorer
Search
We’ll always keep your data safe and secure.
So you’re clued up, here’s why we need it and how we use it.
Play
Mute
We will only use your data to up your experience.
2. Locked down
We’ll protect your data like it’s our own.
3. Straight talking
We’ll always talk your language and have your back – no nonsense, no surprises.
4. No spam
5. Just the essentials
Your info won’t just hang about – if we don’t need it, we’ll delete it.
Protecting Your Privacy
At ASOS, we are 100% committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and site visitors (yep, we mean you). The ASOS team members are customers themselves, of both ASOS and other internet sites – so we totally appreciate and respect how important privacy is. If you have any questions about how we Protect Your Privacy, drop us a line at dataprotection@asos.com
For all our services, the data controller — the company that’s responsible for your privacy— is ASOS.com Limited.
Navigating this page
• Sharing your information
• Your information and countries outside Europe
• Keeping your information
• Cookies 
How we use your information
We use your information in a number of different ways — what we do depends on the information. The tables below set this out in detail, showing what we do, and why we do it.
Your name and contact details
How we use your name & contact details
Why?
Deliver your purchases to you
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you (it’s a bit hard to send your order if we don’t use your name and contact details!)
Send you service messages by text, e-mail or through our app, such as order updates
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you (so you can tell when your order is coming)
Sending you information by email, SMS, or post, about our new products and services
To keep you up to date. We only send this with your permission
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or ASOS – unfortunate, but absolutely essential
Showing you ASOS.com adverts as your browse the web
So you can see our latest products and deals
Finding out what you, and other customers, like
 
How we use your date of birth
Why?
Fraud prevention and detection
 
Why?
 
Your payment information
This means your card’s security/CVV code, don’t worry, we don’t keep them.
How we use your payment information
Why?
Take payment, and give refunds
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you — we’re not giving all our stuff away!
Fraud prevention and detection
 
Your contact history with us
What you’ve said to us — for example, over the phone, on instant chat, or on social media.
How we use your contact history
Why?
Provide customer service and support
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you, after all, you expect the best service from us
Train our staff
 
Purchase history and saved items
What you’ve bought and what you’ve stored in your basket for another time
How we use your purchase history and saved items
Why?
Sell you things
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you — if you can’t put stuff into a basket, you can’t buy it!
Provide customer service and support, and handle returns
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you
Finding out what you, and other customers, like
 
Information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our website and app
Information you give us when you browse our site or use our app, including your IP address and device type and, if you choose to share it with us, your location data, as well as how you use our website and app.
How we use information about your phone or laptop, and how you use our website and app
Why?
Improve our website and set default options for you (such as language and currency)
To give you the best possible shopping experience
Protect our website
 
Information from accounts you link to us
What we do if you link your Twitter or Facebook accounts to us
How we use information from accounts you link to us
Why?
To enable you to log into our website simply and easily without having to create a specific account
To make it easier for you to use ASOS.com and purchase those items you want!
To provide product recommendations
 
How we use your responses to surveys, competitions and promotions
Why?
Run the survey, competition or promotion
We’ve got to do this to perform our contract with you — if we can’t use your entry, you can’t possibly win!
You don’t have to give us any of this personal information but if you don’t, you may not be able to buy from the site, and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience.  But that is your choice – and we respect that.
We also anonymise and aggregate personal information (so that it does not identify you) and use it for purposes including testing our IT systems, research, data analysis, improving our site and app, and developing new products and services. We also share this information with third parties.
Sharing your information
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal data to any third party – including your name, address, email address or credit card information. We want to earn and maintain your trust, and we believe this is absolutely essential in order do that.
However, we share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement:
Companies in the ASOS group, as sometimes different bits of our group are responsible for different activities (especially licensed ones)
Companies that do things to get your purchases to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies
Professional service providers ,  such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts, who help us run our business
Credit reference agencies, law enforcement and fraud prevention agencies, so we can help tackle fraud
Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us), Marketplace sellers where you place an order, and Klarna where you choose to use their payment service
We may provide third parties with aggregated but anonymised information and analytics about our customers and, before we do so, we will make sure that it does not identify you.
Marketing messages
If you have said we can, we’ll send you marketing messages by email, text, to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products.
How to stop marketing messages from ASOS.com
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time.
You can do this:
Through your account settings
Once you do this, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages.
Please note that, as ASOS comprises a complex web of many inter-connecting services, it might take a few days for all our systems to be updated, so you might get messages from us while we process your request.
Stopping marketing messages will not stop service communications (such as order updates or where you have expressed an interest in an activity at ASOS, for example new designers).
How to stop marketing messages from ASOS Marketplace
Marketplace has a separate system for marketing preferences to our main ASOS websites and apps. All ASOS members have the option to receive marketing communications from Marketplace and/or selected third parties.
If you’re a boutique seller, you will automatically receive a Marketplace newsletter, with content tailored to your particular boutique.
If you decide you no longer want Marketplace marketing communications, you can opt out by visiting My Marketplace > My Details in the ASOS Marketplace website or you can click on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any Marketplace email.
Seeing adverts for ASOS.com online
We also engage in online advertising, also to keep you aware of what we’re up to and to help you see and find our products.
Like many companies, we target ASOS banners and ads to you when you are on other websites and apps. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges, and we use a range of advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks, such as Facebook’s Custom Audience service.
 
Your information and countries outside Europe
We have a fulfilment centre in the USA, which we may use for processing orders from customers in the EU. The USA is not a country in respect of which there is a European Commission decision of adequacy, and we protect your privacy and your rights through the use of the European Commission’s standard data protection clauses. More information about these is available here  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/TXT/?uri=CELEX:32010D0087
Keeping your information
We’ll only hold on to your information for as long as you are a customer. If you haven’t logged onto our website for three years we will delete your information from our systems.If you no longer wish to be a customer, you can also contact our Customer Care team and request to delete all the information we have on you.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our Terms & Conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
Your rights
You have a lot of rights relating to your personal information:
The right to be informed about how your personal information is being used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal information we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you (although you can probably do most of this through My Account
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to stop direct marketing messages, which you can do through My Account , and to withdraw consent for other consent-based processing at any time
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
 
If you want to exercise your rights, have a complaint, or just have questions, please contact us.
Changes to how we Protect Your Privacy
We may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data.
If we make significant changes, we will make that clear on the ASOS website or other ASOS services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you are able to review the changes before you continue to use ASOS.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website. For more information on cookies, please see our cookie notice.
How to contact us
We always want to hear from our customers (especially if you feel we’ve let you down or could do better).
If you:
Have any questions or feedback about this notice
Would like us to stop using your information
Want to exercise any of your rights as set out above, or have a complaint
please don’t hesitate to contact our Customer Care team, who will be happy to answer any questions you may have. 
You can contact our privacy team by dropping us a line at dataprotection@asos.com or else through  Customer Care  via the ASOS website. Or if you’d like to, you can write to us at:
ASOS 
