Privacy Policy
This privacy policy includes everything for those who are concerned with how their information, especially PII (Personal Identifiable Information) is being utilized online. According to the US Privacy Law and Information Security, Personal Identifiable Information is the information that can be utilized on its own or with other info to figure out, identify, find out or contact any individual. Please go through our privacy policy carefully to have a clear and precise idea of how we collect, utilize, protect and handle your PII in accordance with our site.
When officecomms.com collects your information?
officecomms.com collects users’ information when they fill out a query form, use our Live Chat facility or provide information on our website.
What Personal Information officecomms.com collects from the people visiting its website, application or blog?
When you request any third-party software support services from officecomms.com, you might be asked to provide your name, contact number, product information, and email address along with the other details to help you enjoy a smooth experience.
How officecomms.com uses your information?
officecomms.com may use the information it collects from the users while they register, make purchase, apply for the newsletter subscription, respond to a survey, respond to marketing communications, visit the website or use specific other website features in the following manners:
To enhance your personal experience and deliver any specific type of content or product range you have been looking out for
To make our website better that further delivers a hassle-free experience to the users
To help us serve you better in respond to the customer service requests we receive
How officecomms.com protects your information?
Being the most reputed and independent support services provider, officecomms.com never uses vulnerability scanning or scanning to specified PCI standards. We only offer information in the form of articles and blogs. We never save your financial records and ensure periodic malware scanning of our website. We don’t use SSL certificate as we don’t ask for credit card numbers.
Do we use cookies?
Cookies are basically small files that a website or its service provider sends to your system’s hard drive via the web browser you are using. These cookies enable the website or the service provider’s system to identify your browser and remember certain information that helps us in improving your web experience. These cookies also help us keep your selected items in the shopping cart and also understand your preferences depending upon your activities. officecomms.com also uses cookies to collect the data to measure the website’s traffic and website interaction so that we can deliver you a smooth online experience and better tools in the future. Apart from this, we also do the following by using the cookies:
Save the preferences or the choices of the users for future visits
Compile and organise collective data about site traffic and user interactions as well as activities on the website, which ultimately helps us in delivering better services. To organize the information and track your activities, we may also use authorized and trusted third-party websites or services.
You can change your computer settings to get notification each time a cookie is being sent to your device. You can also turn this feature off permanently. However, this may restrict you visit several website or access particular features, as most of them needs your browser’s cookies features to be turned up. To change this feature, you have to simply visit your browser’s settings, which may vary from browser to browser. Turning the cookies off may also affect your user experience.
Third-party disclosure
officecomms.com doesn’t sells, trades, or transfers your PII or Personally Identifiable Information to the third-party or any other company.
Third-party links
At some point of time, officecomms.com at its discretion may incorporate or offer third-party services or products on its website. These outside websites may have different and independent privacy policies. Therefore, we have no liability or responsibility for the products or services offered and the content as well as activities of those websites. However, we also maintain the integrity of our website and welcome the feedback about it from the users.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be collectively summed up by its advertising principles. They have been collected at one place to deliver a smooth experience to the users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
At present, we have not enabled Google Adsense on our website. However, we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)
California Online Privacy Protection Act is the first state law in the nation to ask the commercial websites and other online services providers to mention a privacy policy on their websites. The law’s reach expands beyond California to ask any person or company in the US that is running any website collecting PII from California consumers to provide a conspicuous privacy policy on its website. This privacy policy should include the exact information that is being collection and information about the individuals or the companies with whom it is being shared. For further information about the law, visit this link:
How do officecomms.com handles “Do Not Track” signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does officecomms.com allow third-party behavioral tracking?
Yes, we allow third-party behavioral tracking to improve the online experience of the users.
Children Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
officecomms.com follows the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act in case of collecting the personal information from the children below the age of 13 years. The Federal Trade Commission, United States’ consumer protection agency, implies the COPPA Rule, which states what online service providers and the website administrators must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. officecomms.com does not market to children under the age of 13 years.
Fair Information Practices
officecomms.com understands this fact that the fair information practices builds the backbone of the privacy law in the US. The concepts included in the law plays an important role in the development of data protection across the world. These laws helpus to comply with different privacy laws that ensure the protection of the personal information of the users.
To ensure that these laws are being implemented, we emphasize on fair information practices. In case of the occurrence of any data breach, we notify the users via in-site notifications within the 7 business days. We also accept the Individual Redress Principles, which asks that all the individuals have the authority to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who don’t maintain and follow to the laws specified by the government. This principle need not just that individuals have enforceable rights against such data users, but also that the individuals have recourse to the government agencies or courts to take action for investigating or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
CAN-SPAM Act
This law sets strict rules for the commercial email, provides recipients the authority to stop the emails from any specific sender, generates requirements for the commercial messages, and spells out severe penalties for those not obeying them.
officecomms.com collects your email address to:
Send information
Not using fake or misleading subjects or the email addresses
Figuring out the message as an advertisement in some logical manner
Mentioning the physical address of our business or the website headquarter
Monitoring third-party email marketing services for compliance
Providing an option of opt-out or unsubscribe requests quickly, which means once you hit that link, you will be no longer receive any promotional email from us. Upon receiving your request of unsubscribing, we will immediately remove you from all correspondence.
Contacting Us
If you have any doubt or question about this privacy policy, then contact us by visiting our website or the email address provided below:
officecomms.com
info@officecomms.com
