Permitted Use of Site
You may access the Site to view material on the Site, download information and print out hard copies for your personal and non-commercial use. If you have registered with the Site and have a password, you may use the password and your social security number to access information about any student loan(s) you have that we service or guarantee. You may also make payments on any loan that we service.
Rules of Conduct
Impersonate any person or entity
Interfere with or disrupt the operation of the Site
Transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Site any virus, worm, Trojan Horse, robot, spyware, or other code
Restrict or inhibit any other person from using the Site, including by means of hacking or defacing any portion of the Site
Interfere with or violate any other site visitor’s or user’s right to privacy or other rights, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information about Site visitors or users
Sell, resell, transfer, license or exploit for any commercial purposes any use of or access to the Site
Modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, decompile or dissemble any portion of the Site
Misuse passwords
Frame or mirror all or any part of the Site without our express written authorization
Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the account information of anyone else, or to any computer systems or networks connected to any of our servers
Publish or disseminate any link to the contents of this website without our express written consent
Content and Availability
The content and availability of the Site may change at any time. We shall not be liable to you for any change to the Site or in connection with the availability of the Site.
G.O.V. Student Loan Service has not and will not review all of the content, including computer software, made available through the websites and webpages to which the Site links, or that link to the Site (“Third Party Websites”). G.O.V. Student Loan Service does not have any control over those Third Party Websites and is not responsible for Third Party Websites’ contents, use, or effects. G.O.V. Student Loan Service disclaims any responsibility for any material on a Third Party Website that may be inaccurate, unlawful, or otherwise objectionable.
You are responsible for taking precautions as necessary to protect yourself and your computer systems from viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other harmful or destructive content.
Changes and Revisions to Agreement
We may change or revise this Agreement at any time by posting an amended Agreement on the Site. The changes or revisions (which may include new terms and conditions) are effective on the date the new Agreement is posted on the Site. You can review the most current version of the Agreement by clicking on the “Terms of Use” hypertext link on our Home Page.
