We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We will keep it on a secure server and we will fully comply with all applicable US Data Protection and consumer legislation in place from time to time.
When you shop on this Website, we will ask you to input and will collect Personal Information from you such as your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information and a password. We may also collect, and our third party providers of advertisements and content may collect, information about where you are on the internet (e.g. the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .com), your browser type, US State and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website ("User Information").
We may collect this information even if you do not register with us. You should be aware that this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service.
We confirm that any Personal Information that you provide to us is used only for the following purposes:
Processing your orders
For statistical or survey purposes to improve this Website and its services to you
To serve website content and advertisements to you
To administer this website
If you consent, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under US data protection legislation.
When you create a shopping account while ordering online you are agreeing to receive information from Moth Prevention by post, e-mail or telephone, about products, promotions or special offers which we feel may be of interest to you. In the event that you do not wish to be contacted for such purposes, select the appropriate option from within ‘My Account/Email Preferences’ after registering your account.
You may also unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any of our promotional e-mails, or by emailing us at help@moth-prevention.com.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed to contracted third parties who help with the processing of your order. West Bay Retail Inc requires all such third parties to treat your personal information as fully confidential and to fully comply with all applicable US Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place. We will not release your Personal Information to any company outside of West Bay Retail Inc for mailing or marketing purposes.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are entitled do so.
When entering any of our contests or prize draws, you provide your name, email address and mailing address. If you win, we will send the prize to the address entered and notify you by email. When you enter a contest or prize draw, you are also included in our newsletter list to receive notice of promotions, specials and new additions to the Website.
You may unsubscribe from this news list by following the unsubscribe instructions in any email received.
We use Cookies to keep track of your current shopping session to personalise your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping basket at any time.
Google Adwords Remarketing
We utilise Google's remarketing advertising and comply with Google's privacy policy as outlined below.
Creation, Migration and Use of User Lists. Company must have all rights necessary to create or otherwise obtain User Lists, migrate User Lists to and use User Lists on, the Google Display Network. Google will not allow another advertiser to use your User List without your consent.
Selection and Targeting Restrictions. Company may not use User Lists to select or target advertisements (i) based on past or current activity by Users on adult or gambling sites, government agency sites or sites directed at children under the age of 13 years or (ii) based on other inferred or actual sensitive information (including without limitation, health or medical history or information, financial status or other detailed information pertaining to a person's finances, racial or ethnic origins, religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature, the commission or alleged commission of any crime, political opinions or beliefs, trade union membership or sexual behaviour or orientation).
Notice Requirement. Company's posted privacy policy should include information about Google, and if applicable, Teracent, the User Cookie and an appropriate description of your use of remarketing in online advertising. The remarketing description must be included in the privacy policies of all sites that include the remarketing tag or otherwise gather information for remarketing.
PII Restrictions. Company may not, for the purpose of serving Ads, directly associate and store personally identifiable information ("PII") with the User Cookie without robust notice of and the User's prior affirmative (i.e. "opt-in") consent.
Advertising Cookies Policy. Company's use of the User Cookie via a User List is subject to this Interest Based Advertising Policy and the Google Advertising Cookies Policy. Google's use of User Lists is also subject to this Interest Based Advertising Policy and the Google Advertising Cookies Policy.
DoubleClick Boomerang and User List Services.Company may not use a User List created via DoubleClick’s Boomerang or User List services on the Web Properties unless the sites from which those User Cookies were compiled (i) properly discloses the data collection and usage contemplated by this Interest Based Advertising Policy and (ii) complies with the privacy and notice requirements of this Interest Based Advertising Policy.
User List Transparency. Company grants to Google the right, should Google elect to do so, to display to any User that is part of Company's User Lists that the User is on at least one of Company's User Lists, along with displaying Company's domain or display name.
In Ads Notice Labelling. Google may also, should Google elect to do so or should Customer request Google to do so, label advertisements served based on User Lists with notices or overlays intended to advise Users that the advertisements are based on User Lists, and Company may not modify or obscure these labels.
Conflicts. If Company is using third-party ad serving in order to serve Interest-Based Advertisements, then Company needs to comply with both the Third-Party Ad Serving Policy and this Interest Based Advertising Policy. To the extent that there is any conflict between this Interest Based Advertising Policy and the Third-Party Ad Serving Policy then Company needs to comply with the version of the conflicting provision in this Interest Based Advertising Policy.
We've helped thousands of customers deal effectively with moth prevention and damage by moths.
With great pre- and post-sale support you're not alone! We offer a fast and secure delivery service, clear advice guides and ensure that you have the right products to deal with your moth infestation, all as standard!
Moth-Prevention.com - The Proven Product Range for Moth Control.
Categories
Moth-Prevention.com, West Bay Retail, Inc.
CTL Global Solutions, 560 Supreme Dr, Bensenville, IL 60106
