× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Underarmour.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Underarmour.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.underarmour.com/shop/us/en/customer-... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS:
We employ other companies (including our affiliates) and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance (including on-line advertising), providing search results and links, processing credit card payments and providing customer service
We also work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to our website and your interaction with our advertising and other communications. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies, please visit please click www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. These third party service providers may have access to customer personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any purpose other than the function which we have directed them to perform on our behalf. We require such third party service providers to implement and maintain reasonable security measures to safeguard the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personal information.
POSTAL MAILING PARTNERS:
From time to time, we make our customer's postal mailing addresses (names and postal mailing addresses only) available to carefully screened third party companies whose products we believe will be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share any information with these companies, please contact us by calling Customer Service at 888-727-6687. You may also make this request by mail by writing to us at the following address:
Under Armour, Inc
Attn: Customer Service
Baltimore, MD 21230
PROTECTION OF UNDER ARMOUR AND OTHERS:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, our users or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in a way that is contrary to the commitments made in this Privacy Statement.
MERGER, ACQUISITION,SALE/TRANSFER OF ASSETS OR BUSINESS:
If our company is acquired by or merged with or into another entity, or if our assets or business is sold or transferred to another entity, your personal information may be transferred to such entity as part of the transaction, and that entity and its affiliates may use your personal information under the terms of their own privacy policies which may differ from this privacy statement.
WITH YOUR CONSENT
Other than as described in the paragraphs entitled "Third Party Service Providers" and "Postal Mailing Partners" above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. We will not share your personal information for this purpose without your prior consent.
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
