Privacy Policy
The privacy of our visitors at emicalculator.net is very important to us.
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and the pages you visited throughout our site.
Keep in mind that we may use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
We also serve third party advertisements on emicalculator.net to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site. This is generally used for geo-targeting purposes or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited. We also gather audience data (such as age, gender and interest) using Google Analytics.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
emicalculator.net also includes links to other third party websites. Such links are not an endorsement by emicalculator.net of those websites and/or the products or services offered there. Third party websites may have different privacy policies and emicalculator.net is not responsible for the privacy practices of those third party websites. If you click on a link to a third party website, emicalculator.net encourages you to check the privacy policy of that website, as it may differ substantially from that of this Privacy Policy.
emicalculator.net reserves the right to update, amend and/or change this Privacy Policy at any time in its sole discretion and without notice. Updates to this Privacy Policy will be posted here. Any information emicalculator.net collects from you online is subject only to emicalculator.net’s most current Privacy Policy. You are encouraged to revisit this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to review any changes that have been made. emicalculator.net’s Privacy Policy was last updated on February 11, 2014. Your continued access and use of emicalculator.net following the posting of any such changes shall automatically be deemed your acceptance of the same.
If any portion of this Privacy Policy is deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable by any arbitrator, this Privacy Policy as a whole shall not be deemed unlawful, void or unenforceable, but only that portion of this Privacy Policy that is unlawful, void or unenforceable shall be stricken from this Privacy Policy.
All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made in this Privacy Policy, as may be amended by emicalculator.net from time to time, shall survive your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
The Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use represent the entire understanding and agreement between you and emicalculator.net regarding the subject matter of the same, and supersede all other previous agreements, understandings and/or representations regarding the same.
If you have any further questions, comments, concerns or feedback regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Share with Friends
You can also download our EMI Calculator android app from the Google Play Store.
