× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Hulu.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Hulu.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.hulu.com/privacy . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Service Providers. Companies that provide services to us and our business partners - including companies that assist with payment processing, website, user, and business analytics, data processing, account management, advertising, and other services - may collect information from or about you. However, our agreements with these service providers limit the types of information these companies collect, how they may collect it, and how they may use it.
Other Websites and Platforms. The Hulu Services may be provided through Internet websites or other platforms operated by other companies. For example, you can access the Hulu Services currently on our business partners' websites and using Internet connected devices such as your Microsoft Xbox 360, Nintendo Wii, Roku Streaming Player, iPad or iPhone. Websites and platforms like these may be co-branded with our name or logo, but they are not operated or maintained by us, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of the websites or platforms operated by third parties. If you are using the Hulu Services on another website or platform, you should check the privacy policy of the other website or platform to determine how it handles any information it collects from or about you.
Social Networking Services. You can use the Hulu Services with social networking services, such as Facebook and connect your Hulu account with your social networking account. When you choose to share information about your activities on the Hulu Services with social networking services, Hulu may send information about you to these services, including information about your use of the Hulu Services. Social networking services also may collect certain technical information about you, such as the IP address of the device you are using to access the Hulu Services and the URL of the page you are viewing. For more information about how Hulu works with social networking services such as Facebook, please click here.
Advertisers, Advertising Technology Companies, and Advertising-Related Service Providers. Hulu places advertisements both on and off the Hulu Services and also carries advertisements from other companies, often with the ability to click through to websites or properties run by these other companies. Advertisers, advertising technology companies, and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information from or about you in order to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. For more information about third-party advertising and Hulu, please click here .
This is version 3 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
