Standing
Ovations
""A Pink Martini Christmas" with Storm Large and the NC Symphony was the perfect Christmas gift for "the woman who has everything"...."
* Name
Email
City
State
* Quote
Purpose
This policy describes privacy practices regarding information collected from the Duke Energy Center web site. It contains information about what data is collected and how that information is used. This policy may be updated periodically, so please check back from time to time.
This policy applies only to the Duke Energy Center web site. When you follow a link to another web site, even the site of another governmental agency, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. You should check the privacy policies of each of these other sites if you have questions about how they handle personally identifiable information.
Automatic Collection of Certain Information
No personally identifiable information is collected from visitors who simply browse this site or who download information from it. While our web servers maintain logs of user activity to help us manage the web site, information stored in these logs or in cookies does not identify you personally. The logs store things such as the domain name and IP address from which you accessed our site, the type of browser and operating system you used, the date and time you accessed our site, the pages visited, and the address of the site that you linked to us from (if you linked to our web site from another web site).
We use this information to learn how many visitors we have, where they are coming from, which parts of our web site are of most interest to visitors, and other facts that will help us improve the web site and the services we offer.
If You Send Us Personal Information
Visitors who request services through this site may be required to furnish additional information in order for us to provide the service requested. If you participate in a survey, send us an email, or submit an online form, your email address and the other information you volunteered will be collected. We may share this information with other governmental agencies or organizations to provide the help you are requesting. We may also use that information to help assess user needs and analyze trends.
Security
Some information that you submit to us through this web site may be protected by encryption technology, whereas other information may not. Unless a particular web page on this site indicates that encryption technology is being used, you should not assume that information you submit through that web page will be secure. If you submit information to our server through a web page containing visible indicators of active encryption technology, we will take reasonable precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of such information. However, no web site can protect itself against all eventualities. The City of Raleigh will not be held liable for any injury caused by the disclosure of your information, whether by security breach, accident, inadvertence, or any other act resulting in disclosure.
Use of Cookies
Cookies or other technology may transfer information from this web site to your hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies or similar technology can make the Internet more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies or similar technology is an industry standard, and this web site, like many others, uses them to provide useful features for our users. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify you, although they do identify your computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of this web site if you do so.
Public Records
Duke Energy Center for the Performing Arts is owned and operated by the City of Raleigh and is governed by the North Carolina public records laws. This means that the information we receive online will be disclosed to any person making a public records request, unless the record is exempted from disclosure. Only very narrowly defined types of information (such as electronic payment information and Social Security numbers) are exempt from disclosure as public records. If you have questions about the North Carolina public records laws, refer to N.C. Gen.Stat. Chapter 132. For purposes of determining whether information is a public record, information sent to us through this web site is treated the same as information sent to us by mail or delivered to us in person.
Children
No applications on this web site specifically solicit information from minors or seek to determine whether the visitor is a minor. Consequently, visitors should be aware that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children online or by email will be treated in the same manner as information given by an adult. Among other things, this means that it will be public record and therefore will be subject to public access. We ask that parents guide their children when children are asked to provide personal information online. We ask that children get their parents' permission before providing any information to us.
