Guitar Center: Shop for Gear
Guitar Center: Shop Music Gear
Guitar Center: Shop New, Used and Vintage Gear
Guitar Center: Shop for Gear
Open in the Guitar Center app
You must set your country to US to select a store.
Products
Guitar Center Return Policy
Our goal is your total satisfaction.
If you’re not satisfied, neither are we. If for any reason you’re not completely satisfied with your purchase, simply return it in its original condition within the return period and we’ll give you a full refund of the purchase price, excluding shipping and handling charges. It’s that simple. You must have a return authorization code in order to return items by mail.  Returned items must be in original, brand-new condition and show no signs of wear or use including, but not limited to, belt-buckle or pick scratches, scuffs, dings or scrapes on the instrument or collateral materials. Items must also include all original packaging, manuals, warrantees and accessories or your return may be subject to a return handling charge or a minimum 15% re-stocking fee for returns that are not in original brand new condition.  Items with excessive wear or damage may be subject to a disqualification. Click Here (opens PDF file) to see detailed return handling charges. Your refund will be promptly processed when we have confirmed that your returned item meets these requirements.  To avoid return shipping fees, return your purchase at your nearest Guitar Center retail location .
*Limitations and Exceptions to Extended Return Period
Returns of the following products must be made within 14 days of purchase - Recording devices, DJ equipment, workstation keyboards, rack signal processors and lighting/fog machines
Returns of the following products must be made within 3 days of purchase – Vintage instruments
The following products cannot be  returned – Clearance items, items identified as non-returnable, discontinued items, Apple hardware, computers, opened software, electronic software downloads, books, CDs, videos, vinyl records, turntable cartridges, tubes, in ear buds, earplugs and in ear monitors, fog fluid, harmonicas, cleaning products, demo gear, special orders -- both custom/special orders and items we don’t stock
The following fees apply to Band & Orchestra returns - All returned woodwind and brass instruments incur a $10.00 sanitization fee. Returned bows are assessed a $4.00 restocking fee. Returned mouthpieces over $300 incur an $8.00 sanitization fee; the fee for mouthpieces under $300 is $4.00
Apple products incur a 10% restocking fee on any open box returns.  Note: Apple hardware with defects in materials or workmanship, under the one-year Limited Warranty, are subject to Apple’s return policy. By using your Apple product, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of the Apple One-Year Limited Warranty as set out on the manufacturer’s website.
Return in Store to Avoid Shipping Charges
Items purchased in-store or online can be returned to any Guitar Center store.  Just bring a copy of your order confirmation email or the packing slip you received with your order. Credit will be issued immediately. If you return your product in-store, you can avoid paying return shipping charges.  To find your nearest store, visit us at stores.guitarcenter.com
Abuse of Return Privileges
Our return policy is in place to ensure our customers don’t get stuck with the wrong piece of gear. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or suspend return privileges for customers who abuse or attempt to violate our return policy through practices including, but not limited to, excessive returns, attempts to return items that are no longer in brand-new condition, etc.
International Returns
Refer to your packing list for international return instructions. If you have questions or need assistance, please call our customer service representatives at 1-866-498-7882.
Requesting to Return a Product By Mail
Contact our experts at 1-866-498-7882 to obtain a return authorization. Online orders not being returned to a retail location should be shipped to:
Guitar Center
(Your RA #)
Cash Refund Policy:
Refunds for cash purchases over $250.00 will be made by check.
Enter Email (Required):
Better Business Bureau (opens in new window)
You are changing the Ship-To country.
Our product catalog varies by country due to manufacturer restrictions. If you change the Ship-To country, some or all of the items in your cart may not ship to the new destination.
Cancel
{"reportSuiteIds":"","linkInternalFilters":""}
Top Categories
