 
We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
You must be at least 18 years of age to use our website. By using our website and by agreeing to these terms of use, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to these terms of use, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy.
Our websites uses advertisements provided by Google and other exchanges. These may use tracking cookies, which you can deny or accept by configuring your browser settings. You can opt out of cookies by clicking here or here . EU/EEA users can use this link .
Our website registration requires a valid email address. By registering to our website and agreeing to these terms of use, you specifically and actively subscribe to our newsletter and consent to receive emails from us in accordance with the terms of our privacy policy .
By editing Fextralife Wikis or leaving a wiki comment, you specifically and actively agree to our Wiki Contributor Agreement  and accept that your IP and edits will be recorded and archived.
Information regarding VIP subscriptions and its terms are on the VIP page .
Registering to our website is an active registration to our mailing list. If you want to have an account but not receive our newsletter, you can change your settings here .
 
 
(2)     What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a)    information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation)
(b)    information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services
(c)    information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us. You may chose to not reveal this information. A valid email address is however, required for registration.
(d)    information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters
 
 
(3)    Cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We will use the session cookies to: keep track of you whilst you navigate the website; keep track of items in your shopping basket; prevent fraud and increase website security. We will use the persistent cookies to: enable our website to recognise you when you visit; keep track of your preferences in relation to your use of our website
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
We publish Google AdSense and DFP interest-based advertisements on our website. These are tailored by Google to reflect your interests. To determine your interests, Google will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the web using the DART cookie. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser using Google’s Ads Preference Manager, available at: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/. You can opt out of the AdSense partner network cookie at: http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/ or by using the NAI’s (Network Advertising Initiative’s) multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. However, these opt-out mechanisms use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. To ensure that an opt-out is maintained in respect of a particular browser, you should use the Google browser plug-in available at: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
You can also opt out of Google Analytics by following this link .
 
(4)     Using your personal information
Personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
(a)    administer the website;
(b)    improve your browsing experience by personalising the website or activating your subscription;
(c)     enable your use of the services available on the website;
(g)    send you email notifications which you have specifically requested or send you post items of sweepstakes winnings;
(h)    send you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (if you want to be removed from this list please check your user settings or contact administration for deactivation);
(i)     provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
(j)     deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
(k)    keep the website secure and prevent fraud;
 
Where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the licence you grant to us.
We will not, without your express consent, provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
 
(5)     Disclosures
We may disclose your personal information to any of our volunteer staff, employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
 
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a)      to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b)      in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
(c)      in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d)    to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
 
 
(6)     International data transfers
Information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
Information which you provide may be transferred to countries including the United States, Japan and Hong Kong SAR, which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the European Economic Area.
In addition, personal information that you submit for publication on the website will be published on the internet and may be available, via the internet, around the world. We cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
You expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
 
(7)     Security of your personal information
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers.
All electronic transactions entered into via the website will be protected by encryption technology.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
 
(8)     Policy amendments
 
 
(9)     Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information will be subject to:
(a)      the payment of a fee (currently fixed at USD 20 for non-EU residents); and
 
(10)   Third party websites
 
(11)   Updating information
 
(12)   Contact
 
 
 
