Wedding date
This email is connected to the Party. Click here to join this squad.
Don’t worry, your data is safe with us. Once you save a bridal party, the bride associated with it will receive a confirmation email. If that’s you, great! Check your inbox for next steps.
Are you a bridesmaid? Then it’s time to start shopping. Start saving your favorite dresses. Your picks will be shared with your bridal party.
SAVE PARTY
Results
No match found. Please try again or add a new party for the entire squad.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement Effective as of December 1, 2012
 
Web Sites Covered
 
Information Collected
When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, Brideside requires you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“Required Contact Information”). When purchasing the Services, Brideside may require you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services (“Billing Information”). Brideside may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, or industry (“Optional Information”). Required Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information about Customers are referred to collectively as “Data About Brideside Customers”.
 
Use of Information Collected
The Company uses Data About Brideside Customers to perform the services requested. The Company may also use Data About Brideside Customers for marketing purposes. For example, the Company may use information you provide to contact you to further discuss your interest in the Services and to send you information regarding the Company, its affiliates, and its partners, such as information about promotions or events.
Brideside uses credit card information solely to check the financial qualifications and collect payment from prospective Customers.
 
Cookies, Web Beacons and IP Addresses:
Brideside uses commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons, to collect information as you navigate the Company’s Web sites (“Web Site Navigational Information”). This section describes the types of Web Site Navigational Information used on the Company’s Web sites and how this information may be used.
Cookies
Brideside uses cookies to make interactions with the Company’s Web sites easy and meaningful. When you visit one of the Company’s Web sites, Brideside’s servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you; they merely recognize your Web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Brideside, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a Web form, you remain anonymous to the Company.
Brideside uses cookies that are session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. Please note that if you disable your Web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Company’s Web sites, but you will not be able to successfully use the Services.
The following sets out how Brideside uses different categories of cookies and your options for managing cookies’ settings:
Type of Cookies Description Managing Settings:
Required cookies Required cookies enable you to navigate the Company’s Web sites and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Web sites and using Brideside Services.
If you have chosen to identify yourself to Brideside, the Company uses cookies containing encrypted information to allow the Company to uniquely identify you. Each time you log into the Services, a cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed on your browser. These cookies allow the Company to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the Services and to process your online transactions and requests.
Because required cookies are essential to operate the Company’s Web sites and the Services, there is no option to opt out of these cookies.
Performance cookies:
These cookies collect information about how Visitors use our Web site, including which pages visitors go to most often and if they receive error messages from certain pages. These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies a Visitor. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. It is only used to improve how the Company’s Web site functions and performs.
From time-to-time, Brideside engages third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Company’s Web sites. Brideside may also utilize Flash cookies for these purposes.
Functionality cookies:
Functionality cookies allow the Company’s Web sites to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of Brideside’s Services after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize.
Brideside uses local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our Web sites to personalize your visit.
To learn how to opt out of functionality cookies using your browser settings click here. Note that opting out may impact the functionality you receive when visiting Brideside.
Targeting or Advertising cookies:
From time-to-time, Brideside engages third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Company’s Web sites. Brideside sometimes uses cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of Company advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Company’s Web sites. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after the Company receives it.
Brideside also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from Web beacons (see below) on the Company’s Web sites, from emails, and on third-party Web sites. Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting Web Site Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other Web sites.
This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
Third parties, with whom the Company partners to provide certain features on our Web sites or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored.
Web Beacons:
Brideside uses Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors’ usage of the Company’s Web sites and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular Web site tied to the Web beacon, and a description of a Web site tied to the Web beacon. For example, Brideside may place Web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Company’s Web sites. [Cloudimize] uses Web beacons to operate and improve the Company’s Web sites and email communications.
IP Addresses:
When you visit Brideside’s Web sites, the Company collects your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information. For example, Brideside uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Company’s Web sites.
Brideside also collects IP addresses from Customers whey they log into the Services as part of the Company’s security features.
Public Forums, Refer a Friend, and Customer Testimonials
Brideside may provide bulletin boards, blogs, or chat rooms on the Company’s Web sites. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. Brideside is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.
Customers and Visitors may elect to use the Company’s referral program to inform friends about the Company’s Web sites. When using the referral program, the Company requests the friend’s name and email address. Brideside will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Company’s Web sites. Brideside does not store this information.
Brideside posts a list of Customers and testimonials on the Company’s Web sites that contain information such as Customer names and titles. Brideside obtains the consent of each Customer prior to posting any information on such a list or posting testimonials.
Sharing of Information Collected
Service Providers:
Brideside may share Data About Brideside Customers with the Company’s contracted service providers so that these service providers can provide services on our behalf. Brideside may also share Data About BridesideCustomers with the Company’s service providers to ensure the quality of information provided. Unless described in this Privacy Statement, Brideside does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
Business Partners:
From time to time, Brideside may partner with other companies to jointly offer products or services. If you purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly-offered product or service from Brideside, the Company may share Data About Brideside Customers collected in connection with your purchase or expression of interest with our joint promotion partner(s). Brideside does not control our business partners’ use of the Data About Brideside Customers we collect, and their use of the information will be in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you do not wish for your information to be shared in this manner, you may opt not to purchase or specifically express interest in a jointly offered product or service.
Billing:
Brideside uses a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use Billing Information except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on the Company’s behalf.
Compelled Disclosure:
Bridesidereserves the right to use or disclose information provided if required by law or if the Company reasonably believes that use or disclosure is necessary to protect the Company’s rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.
International Transfer of Information Collected
To facilitate Brideside’s global operations, the Company may transfer and access Data About Brideside Customers from around the world, including the United States. This Privacy Statement shall apply even if Brideside transfers Data About Brideside to other countries.
Communications Preferences
Brideside offers Visitors and Customers who provide contact information a means to choose how the Company uses the information provided. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking here or by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of the Company’s marketing emails. Additionally, you may send a request specifying your communications preferences to support@Brideside.me. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with Brideside or the Services.
Correcting and Updating Your Information
Customers may update or change their registration information by editing their user or organization record. To update a user profile, please login to http://www.Brideside.me with your Brideside username and password and click “Setup.” To update an organization’s information, please login to http://www.Brideside.me with your Brideside username and password and select “Organization Setup.” Attendees may update or change their registration information on the event’s Web site after logging in. To update Billing Information or have your registration information deleted, please email info@Brideside.me or call +1 773-234-7187. To discontinue your account and to have information you maintained in the Services returned to you, please email info@Brideside.me or call +1 772-234-7187. Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be handled within 30 days.
Customer Data
Brideside Customers may electronically submit data or information to the Services for hosting and processing purposes (“Customer Data”). Brideside will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Customer Data except as provided in the Brideside Master Subscription Agreement, or as may be required by law. In accordance with the Brideside Master Subscription Agreement, Brideside may access Customer Data only for the purpose of providing the Services, preventing or addressing service or technical problems, at a Customer’s request in connection with customer support matters, or as may be required by law.
Security
Brideside uses robust security measures to protect Customer Data from unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and help ensure the appropriate use of Customer Data. [When the Services are accessed using Internet Explorer version 7.0 or later, Firefox version 2.0 or later, or Safari version 3.0 or later, Secure Socket Layer (.SSL.) technology protects Customer Data using both server authentication and data encryption.] These technologies help ensure that Customer Data is safe, secure, and only available to the Customer to whom the information belongs and those to whom the Customer has granted access. Brideside also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and the Company hosts its Web sites in a secure server environment that uses firewalls, intrusion detection systems, and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Brideside also offers enhanced security features within the Services that permit Customers to configure security settings to the level they deem necessary. Customers are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their Brideside usernames and passwords.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
Brideside reserves the right to change this Privacy Statement. Brideside will provide notification of the material changes to this Privacy Statement through the Company’s Web sites at least 30 business days prior to the change taking effect.
Contacting Us
Questions regarding this Privacy Statement or the information practices of the Company’s Web sites should be directed to Brideside Privacy by emailing info@brideside.me or by mailing Brideside:
320 W Ohio Street, 3rd Floor
Chicago, IL 60654
Be your Brideside? We’d be so honored.
Connect with our complimentary concierge service           to style, fit & coordinate your bridal party.
Let’s do it
brideside
brideside
Shop for bridesmaid dresses by Alfred Angelo, Jenny Yoo and more. Get help from personal stylist and try on bridesmaid dresses at home. Shop with confidence.
320 W. Ohio Street, 3rd Floor
Chicago, Illinois
Call Us (7 Days a Week 9AM - 7PM CST) 773-234-7187
Be your Brideside? We’d be so honored.
Connect with our complimentary concierge service           to style, fit & coordinate your bridal party.
Let’s do it
