 
1.     Who are we?
We are Global, the Media & Entertainment group. Global is Europe’s largest radio company home to some of the biggest brands in commercial radio, Capital ,  Heart ,  LBC ,  Classic FM ,  Smooth ,  Capital XTRA and  Gold .  Our portfolio also includes our digital platform  PopBuzz , TV channels,  Capital TV  and  Heart TV , and our licensed broadcast partners,  Communicorp  and Adventure Radio.
This Privacy Statement explains how we collect and use information about you when you interact with our radio, TV and digital brands and this website. This could be through smart speakers, when you enter one of our competitions or when you engage with our charity activities or sales channels.
Please note our  Global Player  App has its own Privacy Statement which you can access here:  http://www.globalplayer.com/privacy-policy/
Global is also the second largest festival operator in the UK with a portfolio including Victorious, Snowbombing, Festival No.6, Rewind, South West Four, Field Day, Boardmasters, Y Not, Truck, Hideout, Electric Elephant, Kendal Calling and Printworks. Global also has interests in Lost Village and Standon Calling and each festival has its own privacy policy.
 
2.     What information do we collect directly from you?
The information we collect will vary depending on how you interact and engage with us but it is likely to include your name, address, phone number, email address, user name, password, age, gender, date of birth (if appropriate), competition and survey answers and any comments you have chosen to provide. 
If you call or email any of our stations, we may also collect your location and a brief summary of your contribution or opinion.
If you use any of our brand apps or listen through a connected device online or via a smart speaker, we will also collect the following information:
Your location – on your first use of our app, you will be asked if we can use your location in order to offer you services and information that is relevant to your area. We will also have information regarding your general geographic location based on your IP address and the GPS of your mobile device.
Your device – if you access our services or programmes via an app from a device such as a mobile phone, we will uniquely identify each instance of that use but we will not be able to personally identify you from this information.
 
We use your personal information:
To give you localised content and relevant adverts so you benefit from the best user experience;
To enable you to log in to your account;
To enable you to enter competitions on our websites;
To invite you to join our online research panel. If you participate, we will keep your views and any other content you provide on record, if you give your consent for us to do so;
To tell you about products, events, services and promotions that we or our third party partners are offering. This communication could be by email, phone, text or another form of electronic communication. We will only contact you if you have told us that you want to hear from us or our third party partners. If you are a registered user of a Global website, these communications may be personalised for you, based on your browsing preferences;
We will use your information to deliver targeted advertising to you when you visit our websites. This is known as online behavioural advertising (OBA). It works by giving you adverts based on the way you have interacted with the website. For example, if you have been clicking on articles about pop music, you may be shown more adverts for live pop music events. None of the OBA techniques used will collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or phone number.
If you would like more information regarding OBA and how to opt out, please visit  http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/
By opting out of personalised advertising, you will still see adverts, but they will not be tailored to your interests. You can change your preferences by clicking here.
We will use your data either because you have consented for us to do so or because we have a legitimate interest in processing your information, as follows:
Legitimate interest uses
 
We improve our products by tracking usage on our websites and apps. This allows us to improve the speed with which we can process your requests and allows us to remember your site preferences. 
 
 
 
We collect information from cookies, other online activity and  third parties to help us create profiles and segments to enable us and our partners to deliver more relevant online advertising to our audience and to measure the effectiveness of that activity.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your device while you are browsing.
We may use cookies for a number of reasons – for more information please see our  Cookie Policy .
In brief we use cookies to:
understand how many users and how frequently users visit our websites;
remember your site preferences and location so that you don’t have to resubmit the same information every time you visit our websites;
increase our website speed;
show you adverts that we think you may be interested in;
limit the number of times you see the same advertisement;
track who has viewed or listened to an advert so that we can measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns;
enable third parties to collect anonymised information which provides analysis of how many people are using our websites and how they are using them;
 
4.     What information do we collect about you from other sources?
We may obtain additional information about you from third parties and from social media in the following ways.
To assist us in our marketing, including OBA, and to ensure that you receive adverts and other information that is relevant to you, we may collect your data from trusted third parties.  for example, when you’ve entered a competition or completed a survey or questionnaire and have agreed that this data may then be shared with others including Global. This information may include details about our users’ demographics, interests and classifications and be used to place users in particular groups or segments for targeting advertising. Some of this information may also have come from publicly available sources. 
 
5.     Personal Information relating to children
 
6.     Who do we share your information with?
We may share personal information with providers who perform services on our behalf.  They will only receive the information that is necessary for them to carry out the agreed services and will only use your information in accordance with our written instructions and will have the appropriate measures in place to keep your information safe and secure. We also have partners who help us with website analytics and online behavioural advertising: for more information about these parties, please see our  Cookies Statement .
If you sign up for one of our partnered services, such as online dating, you will be providing your information directly to our third party partner. We advise that you check their privacy policy or statement to understand how they use your information.  They may share certain information with us, which we will only use for the reasons set out in this statement and this will not include sensitive personal information or financial information.
If you enter a competition, we may, if you have agreed, disclose your information to the competition sponsors. If you are a prize winner, we will give your information to the sponsors and share your information with the parties who assist us in providing prizes to the winners.
We may carry out research or analysis, which contains your personal information, via our sites, and share aggregated responses to questions with our partner organisations. 
In the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets, we reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you.  Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the person receiving your information to continue to use it in way that is consistent with this statement.  Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the person or business to which we transferred your information with any enquiries concerning their use of your personal data.
 
7.     How long do we keep your information for?
 
8.     Do we send your information outside the UK or European Union?
We may transfer the personal information we collect about you to countries other than the UK or the European Union.  These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you originally provided the information.  If we do need to transfer your personal information in this way we take steps to ensure that it is adequately protected for the purposes of UK and European data protection laws.   These steps will include undertaking due diligence on the recipients and putting in place contractual obligations on them to take care of your data. 
  
9.     Your rights in relation to how we use your personal information.
Data Protection laws give you certain rights in respect of your personal information, as set out below: please note these rights do not apply in all cases and may only be exercised where Global is the data controller for your information.
The right to be informed of how your data will be used – this Statement provides that information;
The right to have your personal data corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete – you can also manage some of this yourself if you have registered with us via one or more of our websites;
The right to access the personal data held about you – usually referred to as a data subject access request. If you wish to submit a request, please contact  privacy@global.com .  Please note you will be asked to supply us with proof of identity before we will be able to provide you with a response;
The right to object to the processing of your personal data – this will include the right to object to direct marketing – you will always be given the opportunity to opt-out of further direct marketing when you receive such communications from us or you can contact us at  crm.marketing@global.com ;
The right to move, copy or transfer certain personal information – please note this right only applies if you have given us your consent to use your data and may not apply to all the information we hold about you;
The right to restrict the use of your information in certain circumstances; and
The right to make a complaint. if you have any concerns about how we are using your personal information you can contact the Information Commissioner’s Office who is empowered to investigate our data protection practices.  You can find out more at  www.ico.org.uk . However, if you do have any concerns we would like you give us the opportunity to know about them so we would encourage you to contact us first so we can try and to help you:  privacy@global.com . 
happy birthday @mikeyway 🎈  the musician and actor is 38 today🎂 pic.twitter.com/N6y3bMMB5A
Follow Us
30 Leicester Square, London, WC2H 7LA
Your privacy is important to us. We want to better help you understand how and why we use your data.             You’ll continue to enjoy PopBuzz and all of its great content and features! View our Privacy Statement for more details.
