You last visited September 13, 2018, 6:39 pm
All times shown are
Lottery Post Link Policy
Lottery Post Link Policy
Linking to the Lottery Post Web site is permitted under limited conditions.  In order to link to the Lottery Post Web site you must adhere to the following conditions:
You may not portray any person or subject associated with Lottery Post in a false, negative, or misleading light.
You must refrain from creating frames, or using other visual altering tools, around the Lottery Post pages.
You may not imply that Lottery Post or its owner or its members is/are endorsing your product or services.
The link to the Lottery Post Web site must be a text link.  (See link code below.)  Use of the Lottery Post logo is prohibited without express written consent by the Lottery Post owner.
The link must be directly to Lottery Post, and cannot be via a redirect page on your Web site or through a service such as tinyurl.com.
The Lottery Post URL must appear in the link's "href" attribute.
The link must not use an "onclick" or other method to perform any other action when the user clicks the text link.
The link must not be encoded in such a way that prevents search engines from crawling it.
To link to Lottery Post Web site, use the following HTML code:
<a href="https://www.lotterypost.com/">Lottery Post</a>
Once you have created a link to the Lottery Post Web site, test the link to confirm it works and then notify Lottery Post using the Contact Us form.
The conditions shown here allow you to link to Lottery Post, while maintaining the integrity of our Web site.  We appreciate your cooperation in keeping the in-coming links to Lottery Post high-quality and consistent.
First Time?
If you haven't already, check out the About Us page that explains the main features of our site.
Also, please take a few moments and review the rules for posting at Lottery Post.
Any time you see a
gray-underlined link
, you can click the link to see a popup menu of options.
Need Help?
We try to include instructions on each page. Check for help content on the page that's giving you trouble.
The next place to seek help is our dedicated Help forum that contains detailed assistance for frequently requested topics.
If something isn't working properly, our automated Browser Test page can quickly identify common problems.
Finally, the Contact Us page has an incredible wealth of self-help material that answers 95% of the questions we are asked.
About Lottery Post
RSS Feeds
Search Lottery Post
Search the news, forums, blogs, and even your private messages at our Search page.
This page was generated in 0.0075 seconds.
Copyright © 1999-2018 Speednet Group .  All rights reserved.
