We take your privacy seriously. This policy outlines our information gathering, cookie policy, and privacy-related practices for Famous Birthdays. It also overviews information related to private information as stated in the GDPR which went into effect on May 25, 2018.
Processing Personal Data
FamousBirthdays.com is an open and easy to use platform; no user login is offered on our website, we don’t set any first-party cookies, and we don’t track users in any personally identifiable way.
We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our website, if any, as well as the name of the website you’ll visit when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/the proxy server you use to access the Internet, your Internet service provider’s name, your web browser type, the type of mobile device, your computer operating system, and data about your browsing activity when using our website including what is searched for. We use this information to analyze trends among our users and to help improve our website. We do not use any personally identifiable information which could be attained by analysis of our log files, and our platform doesn't store any data or personally identifiable information about our users.
Cookies
Famous Birthdays does not use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and we don't set any first-party cookies to help deliver more targeted ads.
External Links
Famous Birthdays contains links to other sites. Famous Birthdays is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the linked websites.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit famousbirthdays.com. These advertising networks usually place cookies to develop a profile of your browsing interests and serve advertisements on other websites that are related to your interests. You will see less advertising if you disable these cookies. You can visit the Network Advertising Initiative for more information about this practice and your possibility to opt-out.
Third-Party Privacy Policies
Third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website and/or other websites.
Here is a list of each third-party advertising vendor we work with along with a link to their privacy policy.
Google Analytics Privacy Notice
Our website uses Google Analytics to collect information about the use of our website. Google Analytics collects information from users such as how often they visit our website, what pages they visit, and what other websites they have used before coming to our website. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to analyze traffic and to improve our website. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our website, not your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected using Google Analytics with any personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our website, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google also uses specific identifiers to help collect information about the use of our website. For more information on how Google collects and processes your data, visit Google's Privacy and Terms . You can prevent Google Analytics from using your information by opting-out .
Firebase Analytics Privacy Notice
Our IOS and Android app uses Firebase Analytics to collect information about the use of our website. Firebase Analytics collects information from users such as how often they visit our app, what screens hey visit, and how long the sessions are. We use the information we get from Firebase Analytics to analyze traffic and to improve our app. We do not combine the information collected by Firebase with any personally identifiable information. We also use Firebase's Cloud Messaging service to push out notifications to users that have opted-in to receive push notifications from us. We will never send a notification to a user who hasn't explicitly given consent via opting in. For more information on how Firebase collects and processes your data, visit the  Firebase Use Policy .
Famous Birthdays IOS and Android App
Users that download our IOS or Android app have the option to sign up for notifications. When signing up for notifications, you enter your email address or phone number to authenticate through Facebook’s Account Kit. Your email or phone number will never be shared by Famous Birthdays and it will never be used for any purpose other than authentication. Famous Birthdays doesn't store the phone number or email address that you've authenticated with, as this information is hashed by Famous Birthdays at the time of authentication. For questions about Facebook account kit, including it's data policy, please refer to this  FAQ .
The only information stored by Famous Birthdays will be the celebrities you’ve signed up for notifications on. On the My Notifications page, users can click the X to remove any respective celebrity notification. By clicking X on each celebrity notification on the My Notifications page, it would effectively remove all information we have stored in regards to which celebrities a user has signed up to receive notifications for.
Users are able use the Famous Birthdays IOS or Android App without signing up for notifications.
Disclosure to Successorts
If our business is sold or merges in whole or in part with another business that would become responsible for providing Famous Birthdays to you, we retain the right to transfer any information to the new business. The new business would retain the right to use your information according to the terms of this privacy notice as well as to any changes to this privacy notice as instituted by the new business.
GDPR
European and UK residents, as outlined in the GDPR have the following rights:
The right to be informed about personal data we collect and how we process it
The right to access your personal data
The right to correct your personal data if it is inaccurate
The right to request removal of your personal data if there is no compelling reason for us to continue to process it
For additional rights and additional information on your rights, we encourage you to visit this guide to the GDRP .
Data Controller Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
Famous Birthdays
