Sat & Sun 9AM-4PM EST
Canceling/Modifying an Order
Once your order is placed, we cannot guarantee that it can be modified or canceled. If you wish to modify your order, please contact us as soon as possible.
Online Security
To ensure our customers’ safety online, all orders go through security checks before we start processing them. Please keep this in mind while ordering, as there may be a slight delay before processing for a small percentage of orders. If additional information is needed to help ensure the order’s validity, we will reach out via email.
Order Communication
As an e-commerce company, our primary form of communication is email. All order updates will be sent to the email address used when the order was placed. For this reason, please be sure to provide a valid email address when placing your order.
Price Changes and Updates
Pricing on our website is listed at the wholesale level and updated in real time. Product pages will list impending manufacturers' price increases, where applicable. For pending alternate payment / leasing orders, we reserve the right to adhere to these price increases on orders not paid in full by the specified deadline. In order to ensure that you receive the most accurate pricing on your order, we recommend that you pay in full prior to the effective date of the increase.
All prices are subject to change without notice. In the rare event that a product is listed at an incorrect price due to a website error, WebstaurantStore will resolve the discrepancy, at our discretion, on all orders placed for the product listed at the incorrect price. This resolution may involve coming to an agreed upon price with the customer or a cancellation of the order, resulting in a full refund.
Receipt of Incorrect Product
If you believe you received the incorrect product, please keep the item(s) unused and in the original packaging and reach out to our Customer Solutions team. They will work with you to reship the correct item or offer a refund. We may require a picture of the incorrect product you received and will cover the cost of return shipping for that item.
Resolution of Disputes
By using this website, you agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any WebstaurantStore service, or to any products or services sold or distributed by WebstaurantStore or through webstaurantstore.com, will be resolved through binding arbitration instead of in court. An exception is that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review or appeal of an arbitration award is very limited. An arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court, and must follow the terms found in WebstaurantStore’s conditions of use just like a court would.
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, you must file a Demand for Arbitration with the AAA, according to the AAA’s rules. Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. We will reimburse those fees for claims totaling less than $10,000 unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. Likewise, WebstaurantStore will not seek attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where you live or at another mutually agreed location.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration we each waive any right to a jury trial. We also both agree that you or we may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
Applicable Laws
By using any WebstaurantStore service, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and WebstaurantStore.
Text Messaging
Registered customers can sign-up for 'Shipment Updates via Text' in their account settings to receive an SMS text message when packages are out for delivery, delivered or encounter a problem. Text messages will be sent for all packages shipped after you complete the sign up process. This service may not be available and/or may not include tracking for packages that are shipped directly from one of our manufacturers.
Text messages may also be sent when there is an urgent need for information to continue to process your order. These situations could include (but are not limited to):
• Payment processing errors
• Expedited order delays
• Delivery requirements
Text frequency based on user orders. Message and data rates may apply. Customers may opt-out at any time by sending STOP to (717)288-7303 or unsubscribing in their account settings. (Note: if you texted STOP but would like to restart, text START, and make sure your number below is correct.) Responses are unable to be received via text.
Our participating carriers include (but are not limited to): AT&T, SprintPCS, Metro PCS, T-Mobile®, U.S. Cellular®, Verizon Wireless.
Payment Methods
Accepted Credit Cards (Preferred Method)
All orders must be placed online through our checkout process. We accept all major credit cards including Master Card, Visa, American Express, and Discover. We are able to accept most prepaid credit cards as long as the card has been registered with a billing address. Only a single credit card may be used to process the order.
Alternative Payments (Check, Money Order, ACH, Wire Transfer)
We accept check, money order, ACH, and wire transfers for orders with an order total of $500.00 or greater. The order will be placed on hold until payment has been received.
Once payment is cleared, the order will be released to process for shipment. Personal checks are held for 5 business days while they clear. A holding period is not required if a certified check is provided. All other alternative payment orders will be released as soon as the payment is received, with a minimum of 1 business day delay to receive payment.
Apple Pay
We offer payment via Apple Pay when our site is accessed from a compatible device (iPhones -6.0 + with iOS 10+ and Macs).
Charges and Authorizations
Your card will be charged in full once the first item(s) on your order ship. When you place an order on our website, an authorization is placed on your bank account for the amount of your order.  An authorization is a communication from your bank to our payment system letting us know your card is valid and the required funds are available. These authorizations may show as “pending” on your bank statement until the funds are captured. Once the card is charged for the order, the authorization will drop off from your bank statement, typically within 1-2 business days.
Credit and debit card providers differ in how long they will hold an authorization for a pending transaction. If your order has an extended lead time, a member of our Payments team may reach out requesting to charge the card in advance to avoid losing the authorization. Authorizations and/or pending transactions will hold these funds on your bank account, which can result in overdraft fees. WebstaurantStore assumes no liability for fees in the event of such an overdraft.
Currency
All pricing is listed in US Dollars ($) on the website. When ordering outside of the United States, the funds captured for an order will be converted to the local currency of the ordering country on your credit card statement. The rate of exchange is locked in when your order ships, not when the order is placed. Credit card companies may also charge a currency conversion fee. Please contact your card issuer for further details.
Leasing and Terms
We offer leasing as a method of payment if an order has a subtotal of $1000.00, is comprised of at least 70% equipment, and is being shipped to a location within the United States. The lease is handled through a third party company that WebstaurantStore works with. We are unable to cancel the lease agreement nor accept returns on leased items after the contract is signed. Please see our FAQ page for frequently asked questions about this payment method.
PayPal Payments
We accept payment via PayPal on our website as an additional payment option. A major credit card is still required to complete the transaction, as we do not accept gift cards, store cards, or account credits associated with your PayPal account.
Purchase Orders
We are unable to accept Purchase Orders as a form of payment since we update our pricing in real time and do not rely on quoted prices.  All orders must be placed online and paid for in full at the time of purchase.
Sales Tax
Sales tax will be charged on orders shipping to the states of Kentucky, Maryland, Nevada, Georgia, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Hawaii, Vermont, Massachusetts, Maine, Mississippi, and Florida. If you are tax-exempt and shipping to one of these states, visit your My Account page and select Upload Tax Exempt Form to upload your exemption form for review.
Privacy Policy
Cookies
WebstaurantStore uses cookies to uniquely identify each customer. A cookie is a file that is placed on your hard drive by the web browser. Cookies do not divulge any personal information about you; they are solely used as an identifier. On our site, cookies allow us to keep track of things like what is in your shopping cart and when you are logged in. In order to shop on our site, you must have cookies enabled.
To find out how to enable your cookies, click on the link below that corresponds with your browser type and follow the instructions!
Information Collection & Use
WebstaurantStore is the sole owner of the information that is collected from customers on this site. We do not share any information about you with third parties in any way. Customer information is used by WebstaurantStore to:
Process orders
Provide a personalized shopping experience for registered customers
Send e-mail newsletters full of specials and helpful information to those who opt to receive them
Monitor traffic patterns to improve our site's functionality and user-friendliness
Off-Site Links
Because one of our goals is to provide helpful foodservice information, we may redirect you to external websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of other websites. If you have any concerns, we recommend reading that site’s privacy policy.
Registration
Registration is not mandatory to complete checkout.
All of the information we receive from you in the registration process is transmitted over and stored on a secure server. You can only access your information after logging in with the unique e-mail and password combination you created during registration.
Click here to learn more about the benefits of registering.
Security
At WebstaurantStore, security and privacy are top priorities. Our site uses HTTPS and is encrypted in-transit to safeguard your personal information. The site and our data center maintain Payment Card Industry (PCI) compliance and we do not store your credit card information. webstaurantstore.com is also scanned regularly to ensure the safety of our customer data.
Sharing Information
We use third party providers to ship orders and to process credit card transactions. We only provide these companies the appropriate and necessary information. They do not store, share, or retain this information in any way.
Product Policies
Customizable Products
Select products on our site are able to be customized and are designated by a special banner on their page. You can also see a full list of customizable products at our Customizable Supplies page. These products typically have order minimums, extended lead times, and fees associated with them. Customized products are non-returnable.
Equipment Parts
Compatible Models are listed as applicable and kept as accurate and up-to-date as possible. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact a Customer Solutions Specialist before placing your order.
Equivalent Items Equivalent items and any associated illustrations or descriptions are presented for your reference. These are items which, based on available manufacturer information, are suitable replacements for the stated original item. These equivalent items are not necessarily authorized, sponsored, or endorsed by the manufacturer of the stated item, or by the manufacturers of equipment compatible with the stated item; any OEM names mentioned are registered trademarks.
Generic / Unbranded Items
On our site, some of our lowest priced items are listed as generic. In other words, we do not have a specific vendor name associated with the product. The product is sourced from a variety of vendors according to price and availability so we may both quickly and fairly accommodate your needs. We do our best in updating our site with any changes in the products and there may be instances where there is a slight variance in the look and feel of the product due to a change in vendors. However, the intended application of the product will remain the same. If you find that this is not the case, please contact our Customer Solutions team immediately and we will look into the issue for you!
Image Color Policy
Our Images Department makes every effort to portray the color of an item as accurately as possible on our site. However, depending on your monitor settings, the color of an item may appear different than in person. Unfortunately we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the color displayed on your monitor.
Certain types of products, such as textiles and fabrics, are subject to dye lot variations inherent to their manufacturing process. If you are trying to match an existing product in your possession, please contact us and we will accommodate your request to the best of our ability.
Image Policy
We try to provide the most accurate images of our products as possible. However, some product images prove difficult or impossible to obtain. In these cases, we will use the closest representative image we can find for the product. These representative, illustrative images may show optional accessories or features, or may be an image of a similar product.
Therefore, we recommend that you carefully read the product description and other related product literature such as Specification Sheets, SDS Sheets, etc., before placing your order. If you have any questions or concerns about a product after reading the description and product literature, please contact us.
Proposition 65 Notice for Resellers
If you are reselling any items into the State of California you must provide your customers with an appropriate Proposition 65 warning, if required. You can find a warning for your use on the product detail pages of items that require a warning. More information about Proposition 65 is available at www.p65warnings.ca.gov.
Sales and Coupon Code Policy
Because we are a bulk distributor for food service supplies, we make sure to advertise our lowest prices on our website, including discounts we receive from our vendors that are passed onto our customers. On occasion we will provide sales and coupon codes to receive further discounts off the original price of the item. To ensure the discount is received for sales, items should be purchased as soon as possible. Coupon codes for items on our site will have an expiration date associated with them. Coupons and discounts will only be honored on orders that are placed while the coupon/discount is valid. Discounts do not apply to already discounted products and cannot be used in conjunction with other offers.
Pricing that is advertised on sources outside of our website may reflect incorrect prices compared to what we currently offer. The prices on our website are regularly updated to ensure accurate, real-time pricing; however, search engines and coupon code websites may not always provide the most up-to-date prices. Please visit our website to view the current pricing of our items. Prices and coupon codes that are not valid will not be honored at checkout.
Samples
WebstaurantStore does not offer product samples. We recommend purchasing the item in smaller pack sizes, when available, before committing to a larger order. Sometimes our manufacturers will send out samples of select products to commercial customers. Please contact Customer Solutions to see if a sample request can be sent to the manufacturer for the item(s) you’re interested in.
Warranty Policy
If a warranty is available for an item, the details of the warranty can be found as a downloadable PDF labeled “Warranty” on the item’s page. All warranty claims are handled based on the manufacturer’s warranty policy. For items being used internationally, please confirm if the warranty is valid in your area.
You May Also Need Items
"You May Also Need" items are products that are guaranteed to work with the item you are viewing, such as lids that will fit a cup or casters that will fit a piece of equipment. If an item is not listed in the "You May Also Need" section on a particular product page, then we do not guarantee that it will work with the product you are viewing and do not recommend that you purchase them for use together. If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to contact a Customer Solutions Specialist before placing your order.
Returns Policy
Restocking Fees
A restocking fee will be deducted from your return credit to cover the cost of processing the items back into stock. This fee is 20% of the item(s) cost for commercial locations and 30% for residential locations.
Returns for Commercial and Residential Customers
All regularly stocked items, with the exception of consumable products, can be returned within 30 days of receipt, so long as they are unused and in the original packaging. A return credit will be issued to the original payment method upon receipt and inspection of the product(s). Shipping charges paid at the time of checkout will not be credited along with the return. An applicable restocking fee will be deducted from the amount due. Customers are responsible for the cost of return shipping. This includes any brokerage fees, duties, and taxes for international returns.
Return requests for Special Order products and products shipped direct from the manufacturer must be issued by our Customer Solutions Specialists. Not all Special Order items can be returned. Click here to learn how to create a return.
Returns for Consumable Products
We are unable to accept returned consumable products. This allows us to ensure the products are good to use, untampered with, and have adequate shelf life.
Shipping Policy
Call Before Delivery
By requesting a FREE "Call Before Delivery," the carrier will contact you approximately 24 hours before the estimated arrival of your order to schedule a delivery appointment using the phone number provided at checkout. Selecting this option may add an additional day to your order's transit time.  A 4-hour delivery window is typical; this may vary by carrier and shipping destination.
A "Call Before Delivery" is required for residential deliveries and recommended for businesses with irregular hours (Monday through Friday, 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.  "Call Before Delivery" only applies to the item(s) in your order shipping via common carrier.
If the carrier misses the delivery appointment, they will reschedule it.  If you are unavailable to accept your delivery during the scheduled appointment, you will be responsible for any redelivery fees owed to the carrier. Additional fees will apply if you require a time-specific delivery in which the typical 4-hour window needs to be shortened.
If a delivery is unable to be completed because a "Call Before Delivery" was not selected during checkout, the carrier may charge a redelivery fee in order to reattempt delivery. In these situations, we will contact you via email regarding the fee and charge the card on file if necessary in order to avoid additional fees with the carrier.
Canadian Shipments
Orders shipped into Canada may incur additional duties, taxes, and other fees to cross the border. These charges will be billed to you directly from the carrier and will not be reflected in our shipping costs at checkout.
Orders shipped via common carrier require a broker to facilitate the import of your items into Canada. If you did not provide your broker’s information during checkout, we will contact you to obtain this before processing your order.
We aim to ship orders to Canada in one shipment, but it is not always possible due to stock levels in our warehouses. If we cannot ship your order in one complete shipment, you will be responsible for any additional brokerage fees.
Commercial and Residential Shipping Addresses
Commercial carriers will deliver the vast majority of our products to a residential shipping address. If you operate a business out of your home, you must still select "residential" in your shopping cart because the carriers still consider your address residential.
Damaged/Missing/Lost Items - Common Carrier
If any item or packaging is damaged or missing, or if you have any doubt about possible damage, you MUST do the following:
Note it clearly on the delivery receipt before signing
Keep your copy of the delivery receipt
Contact us within 1 business day
Keep the damaged packing materials for inspection
Take pictures of the damaged items and packaging
Though our warehouses give great attention to packaging every order for shipment, damage can occur in transit. In the case of damage we must go to the carrier company to receive reimbursement for these damages. By signing the delivery receipt you are taking responsibility and ownership for the shipment in the condition noted. If part or all of your shipment is damaged and you did not note this in any way on the delivery receipt, we CANNOT guarantee any compensation for damages. Signing the delivery receipt without noting any damage means that you have received your shipment in acceptable condition.
There are rare occasions where our freight carriers may lose a shipment. In these situations, it’s our highest priority to find your items and we will work with the carrier to do so. Dock checks with the carrier take approximately 3-5 business days to complete. If your shipment is found, we will continue the delivery to your location. If it is deemed lost, we will work with you to provide a satisfactory resolution.
For more information, watch this informative video about Common Carrier Shipments .
Damaged/Missing/Lost items - Ground
Upon receiving your order, please inspect it for any damaged, lost, or missing items. If any part of your order is missing or damaged, please keep the items and packaging and contact us within 5 business days of receipt so we can find a solution for you. We may request pictures of the damage to help with this process.
There are rare occasions where our carriers may lose a shipment. In these situations, it’s our highest priority to find your items and we will work with the carrier to do so. Traces with ground carriers take approximately 1-3 business days to complete. If your shipment is found, we will continue the delivery to your location. If it is deemed lost, we will work with you to provide a satisfactory resolution.
Due to the strict time-frame we have to deliver refrigerated and frozen food items to you in acceptable condition, if an item is damaged or missing, please contact us within 1 business day of your shipment’s original ETA so we can find a solution for you. We may request pictures of the damage and for you to take a picture of the temperature of the item to help with the process.
You are responsible for checking the internal temperatures of refrigerated and frozen products immediately upon delivery to ensure they are received at food-safe temperatures according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) guidelines. Please contact us within 1 business day of your shipment’s original ETA if you have any concerns about the temperature or conditions of your shipment. Once the shipment is received you are responsible for storing or handling the items properly to maintain food safety.
Delivery Time
Our warehouses strive to have orders processed and ready to ship within 1-2 business days. Most products ship from one of our warehouses within the U.S. However, since some items will be shipped directly from the manufacturer, delivery times may vary. Common carrier deliveries typically range from 1 to 10 business days for delivery, depending on your proximity to the shipping location. Ground shipping can typically take anywhere from 1 to 7 business days. If your delivery time is over a holiday, please add an additional day for delivery. Our warehouses observe the following holidays: Christmas, New Years, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day and Thanksgiving. Shipping companies may observe additional holidays. All standard ground delivery times and common carrier shipments are estimates and are not guaranteed.
If you need your order more quickly, you may select Second Day or Next Day in your shopping cart (availability dependent on your location). These options guarantee that, as long as the items you’re ordering are in stock, the order will be prioritized in our system and arrive by the end of the following business day (Next Day), or the end of the second business day (Second Day). These options are not available for common carrier orders. Inclement weather may cause shipping delays that are not covered by this guarantee.
These orders must be placed before 2:00 p.m. EST to ship same day and are only available for delivery on business days (Monday through Friday). For orders shipping directly from the manufacturer, shipping cutoff times may vary. Next & Second Day orders received after 2:00 p.m. EST will be processed on the following business day.
Destinations
We primarily ship throughout the U.S. and Canada. We also fulfill small parcel shipments to select countries internationally. We are unable to ship to PO boxes, APO/FPO boxes or Viabox at this time.  If you plan to ship to a carrier store location such as a FedEx or UPS Store, please be aware that these locations will not accept deliveries from one another.  If a shipping carrier deems your address inaccessible for delivery, they will make final delivery at the closest shipping terminal or return the shipment to our warehouse. Contact Customer Solutions if you have any questions.
In addition to the United States and Canada, we can ship most items via an international air service to the following countries:
Austria
Bahamas
Bermuda
Canada
U.S. Virgin Islands
We also ship to U.S. based freight forwarders; however, you are responsible for contacting them to set up an account before placing an order. Freight forwarders will charge additional fees for their services, which are separate from our shipping and handling charges. We are unable to accept and load customer containers directly from our warehouse locations.
Duties and Taxes
The WebstaurantStore is a U.S.-based company, therefore duties and taxes will be assessed on any items shipping outside of the United States. Duties and taxes depend on the type of items being shipped, harmonized codes, and the discretion the customs agents have in evaluating these costs. The charge shown on our website’s shipping calculator will not show these fees.
Equipment Installation Checklist
To be sure everything goes smoothly when it comes to installing your new equipment, please consult our handy equipment installation checklist at the following link prior to finalizing your order: Equipment Installation Checklist
Freight Forwarders
If your order is being shipped to a U.S. based freight forwarder, all of our Shipping Policies apply when it is received into their warehouse. WebstaurantStore will not be held responsible for any damaged and/or missing items or material differences should the freight forwarder not follow all applicable Shipping and Returns policies, or should such issues occur in shipment from the freight forwarder’s location to the final destination.
Liftgate
If you do not have an elevated loading dock or forklift to unload your items from the truck, you will need a liftgate and must select this option at checkout. The "Common Carrier w/ Liftgate" option includes the fee for the liftgate. A higher fee may apply if a liftgate must be added after an order has shipped. If delivery is unable to be completed because a liftgate was not selected during checkout, a redelivery fee may apply in addition to a liftgate fee. In these situations, we will contact you via email regarding the appropriate fees and charge the card on file if necessary in order to avoid additional fees with the carrier.
Some items like large outdoor ice merchandisers or very long pizza prep tables may be too large or heavy for a lift gate and will require a truck-level loading dock. If you do not have one, we recommend selecting White Glove delivery. If you are unsure, contact our Customer Solutions Team.
Notice to Residential Customers
While WebstaurantStore is designed specifically for those in the commercial food service industry, we will ship most items to residential customers. As a residential customer, please consider the following information when placing your order:
Commercial Refrigeration and Cooking Equipment
It is important to keep in mind that many of these items may not meet your consumer-level expectations if used in your home. Commercial cooking equipment:
Is designed for functionality and heavy use commercially, and may not meet your expectations in terms of aesthetics or ease-of-use.
Is often much louder than a comparable non-commercial piece of equipment.
Consumes much more power than consumer-style equipment
Is not insulated as thoroughly as consumer-level equipment and generates much more heat. Many pieces of commercial equipment also require a ventilation hood system, and a fire-suppression system to adhere to local fire and building codes.
Installed in a non-commercial setting would most likely void your homeowner's insurance and the equipment manufacturer's warranty.
The right is reserved to deny shipment for residential usage; if this occurs, you will be notified as soon as possible.
If you have any question about the suitability of a particular piece of equipment you're considering for non-commercial use, please contact our Customer Solutions Department.
Methods & Charges
The vast majority of our products can be shipped with a parcel carrier to a residential address. Bear in mind that these carriers charge more to ship to a residential address versus a commercial address. This difference is usually several dollars but varies by region, and will be reflected in your shipping charges.
Packaging
Packaging that is used during shipment is designed to keep the contents of your order safe from damage or mishandling of products. On occasion a shipment will be received with damage to the packaging. Because the packaging is designed to protect the products that we ship, compensation will not be offered for packaging damage. If the actual items in your shipment are damaged, please contact us right away so we can arrange for compensation or replacement.  Occasionally we will ship items in recycled boxes which may contain descriptions unrelated to the products inside in an effort to be more eco-friendly. This practice also allows us to cut costs on packaging which then is reflected into lower prices on our items. Be sure to inspect the actual items inside of the packaging before refusing a shipment due to incorrect information on the boxes.
Refrigerated and Frozen Foods Shipping
In order to control the amount of time in transit for these perishable items, they are only shipped on select days of the week based on which shipping method you choose.
Ground: Orders ship Monday through Wednesday with most orders placed before 2 p.m. EST on Wednesdays being fulfilled that same day.
Second Day: Orders ship Monday through Wednesday. Orders placed before 2 p.m. EST on Wednesdays will ship the same day.
Next Day: Orders ship Monday through Thursday. Orders placed before 2 p.m. EST on Thursday will ship the same day.
Orders placed after the cutoff will ship the following Monday.
Special Order Items
In order to maximize the products we’re able to offer to you, some items on our website are not normally stocked in our warehouses.  These items may be shipped directly to you from the manufacturer, or brought into our warehouse with our next stock order from the manufacturer and then shipped to you.
Please note - we are not always able to cancel special order items once the order is placed and may not be returnable.
Split Shipments
While we do try to consolidate shipments as much as possible, we cannot guarantee every item will ship together due to where items are sourced from. If multiple shipments of your order are required, the full amount of the shipping costs will be charged in the first shipment. If you want part of your order sent expedited and the other part sent using standard Ground, please place two separate orders.
Warehouse Pickups and Customer Shipping Accounts
All orders placed through WebstaurantStore will be shipped to their destination via a commercial carrier. For safety, insurance, and logistical reasons, customers cannot pick-up orders from our warehouse. Due to the high volume of orders we process daily, we are unable to use our customers' shipping account numbers.
White Glove Delivery
White glove delivery goes beyond what standard common carrier delivery offers.
The White Glove agent will call to schedule a delivery appointment within a four hour window, which gives you the flexibility to work around your schedule and to prepare the space where your item will be placed. Upon delivery, trained professionals will unload your large item(s) from the truck, bring it into the room of choice, unpack it, and remove all packaging debris from the premises.
White Glove delivery typically adds 5-7 business days to your order's transit time, and only includes 30 minutes of on-site time. If on-site time beyond 30 minutes is required, you may be responsible for additional fees. On-site time will begin when the agents arrive at your location.
While the agents will bring the items into the location of your choice, this service does not include set-up of the items being delivered, such as installation of casters, shelves, or other accessories. Small items will not be unpackaged individually; they will be set in place and debris and packaging material will not be removed.
WebstaurantPlus Policy
WebstaurantPlus Benefits
Once enrolled, a subscriber’s orders will qualify for free shipping as long as the order total is at least $29.00 worth of eligible items. Free shipping covers all standard ground and common carrier shipping costs. WebstaurantPlus orders will receive priority processing, and support from a dedicated team to answer any questions or concerns that arise regarding your subscription.
WebstaurantPlus Cost
You will be charged a recurring monthly fee of $99. Sales tax will be charged on orders shipping to the states of Kentucky, Maryland, Nevada, Georgia, Oklahoma, Florida, and Pennsylvania. If you are tax-exempt and shipping to one of these states, visit your My Account page and select “Upload Tax Exempt Form."
WebstaurantPlus Eligibility
All registered customers with a saved credit card that are shipping within the contiguous United States are eligible.
WebstaurantPlus Shipping Address
You can have multiple shipping addresses, but each shipping address requires its own WebstaurantPlus subscription and monthly fee to be eligible for free shipping.
WebstaurantPlus Subscription
Your WebstaurantPlus subscription can be managed on your account page under the WebstaurantPlus tab. Here you will be able to change your payment method, check your renewal dates, view the enrolled address, add/alter multiple subscriptions, and cancel your subscription. The enrolled address cannot be altered once you subscribe.
Subscriptions can be cancelled at any time on the WebstaurantPlus tab through your account page. You will continue to receive the WebstaurantPlus benefits until your auto-renewal date, at which time your subscription will end. We will not provide partial refunds for mid-month cancellations.
The majority of orders will qualify once you reach the $29 order minimum with eligible items. Additional fees for shipping options such as lift gate, White Glove, and expedited shipping will apply.
×
User Data Policy
We would like to use cookies and identify general user data to give you a better experience on our website. Using cookies and identifying data such as IP address and the type and version of your browser help us improve our website's navigation and provide more personalized services to you. To find out more, see our Privacy Policy
The Leading Distributor of Restaurant Supplies and Equipment
Based in Lancaster, PA, WebstaurantStore is the largest online restaurant supply store serving food service professionals and individual customers worldwide. With thousands of available products and over 5.5 million orders shipped, we have everything your business needs to function at its best. Over the years we have expanded our selection of wholesale supplies and commercial equipment to include healthcare, educational, and hotel supplies.
Our focus is your convenience – order online from your laptop, desktop, or smartphone 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Our fast shipping, low prices, and outstanding customer service make WebstaurantStore the best choice to meet all of your professional and food service supply needs.
Give us some feedback!
What do you think of this page? How can we improve it?
Comments
that include an email address. Thanks!
Give Feedback
You haven't entered an email address!
We will be unable to respond to your comments without your email address. If you wish to submit your comment without an email address, please click "Give Feedback"
Email Address
© 2003-2018 WebstaurantStore Food Service Equipment and Supply Company — All Rights Reserved.
Variation ID:
