Open Tasks
Privacy policies
At Humana, we've worked throughout the company to comply with privacy provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), a federal law designed to ensure the privacy of personal and health information. In addition to all federal laws, Humana also complies with all state laws and regulations. Also provided for you are copies of the Privacy Protection Policy and the No Cost Languages Service for your examination.
The following privacy practices have been updated effective July, 2013:
Group medical, individual, dental Notice of Privacy Practices for group medical, dental, and individual plans.
Government health plans Notice of Privacy Practices for Medicare, Medicaid, and Federal Employees.
State notices All Connecticut residents should review Humana's Privacy Protection Policy and all California residents should review Humana's No Cost Language Services notice.
Administrative services only (ASO) Notice of Privacy Practices for ASO employer-sponsored health plans.
HumanaOne® financial protection Notice of Privacy Practices for our Cash Cancer, Critical Illness Cash, Hospital Cash, Junior Estate Builder, and Memorial Fund plans.
Individual privacy rights Get details on your privacy rights and download forms to exercise your rights.
Vendor privacy Obtain guidance in crafting of new policies and procedures or making revisions to existing documents for Humana vendors regarding the federal and state privacy and security laws and regulations.
Communication policies You can choose how you prefer to receive specific communications.
Humana legal entities that offer, underwrite, administer or insure insurance products and services
Medical Plans
Humana group medical plans are offered by Humana Medical Plan, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Health Plan of Ohio, Inc., Humana Health Plans of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00235-0008, Humana Wisconsin Health Organization Insurance Corporation, or Humana Health Plan of Texas, Inc., or insured by Humana Health Insurance Company of Florida, Inc., Humana Health Plan, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., Humana Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, or Humana Insurance of Puerto Rico, Inc. License # 00187-0009, or administered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Health Plan, Inc. For Arizona residents, plans are offered by Humana Health Plan, Inc. or insured by Humana Insurance Company. Administered by Humana Insurance Company.
Go365® is not an insurance product. Not available with all Humana health plans.
Dental Plans
Humana individual dental plans are insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, The Dental Concern, Inc., CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc., or DentiCare, Inc. (DBA CompBenefits). Discount plans are offered by HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company, or Texas Dental Plans, Inc. Arizona residents insured by Humana Insurance Company. Texas residents insured or offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, or DentiCare, Inc. (DBA CompBenefits).
Humana group dental plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Insurance Company of New York, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, The Dental Concern, Inc., Humana Medical Plan of Utah, CompBenefits Company, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Dental, Inc., Humana Employers Health Plan of Georgia, Inc., or DentiCare, Inc. (DBA CompBenefits).
Vision Plans
Humana individual vision plans are insured by Humana Insurance Company, The Dental Concern, Inc., or Humana Insurance Company of New York, or Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Inc.  Arizona residents insured by Humana Insurance Company. Texas residents insured by Humana Insurance Company.
Humana group vision plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company, HumanaDental Insurance Company, Humana Health Benefit Plan of Louisiana, Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky, Humana Insurance Company of New York, CompBenefits Insurance Company, CompBenefits Company, or The Dental Concern, Inc.
Life Insurance Plans
Humana group life plans are offered by Humana Insurance Company or Humana Insurance Company of Kentucky.
Limitations and exclusions
Our health benefit plans, dental plans, vision plans, and life insurance plans  have exclusions, limitations and terms under which the coverage may be continued in force or discontinued. Our dental plans, vision plans, and life insurance plans  may also have waiting periods. For costs and complete details of coverage, call or write Humana or your Humana insurance agent or broker.
Individual applications are subject to eligibility requirements.
Before applying for group coverage, please refer to the pre-enrollment disclosures for a description of plan provisions which may exclude, limit, reduce, modify or terminate your coverage. View plan provisions or check with your sales representative.
For group plans, please refer to your Benefit Plan Document (Certificate of Coverage/Insurance or Summary Plan Description) for more information on the company providing your benefits.
