  Click here to learn about the Ohio Department Of Commerce.
  Click here for information about the Director.
  Annual Reports.
  Career Opportunities.
The Ohio Department of Commerce is the State’s chief regulatory agency.
Our mission is to assist businesses to operate lawfully so they can succeed as jobs-creators and we can safeguard Ohioans.
The Department of Commerce is self-supporting, through fees.  We issue nearly 600,000 licenses, permits, registrations and certifications each year in various professions, industries and commercial enterprises.
The Department is made of up 8 Divisions. Through the divisions, we regulate banks and savings institutions, credit unions, mortgage lenders and consumer finance businesses; Securities professionals and products; real estate professionals and cable television.  The Division of Liquor Control is a part of the Department of Commerce, as is the Division of the State Fire Marshal.  We regulate the building industry and collect and hold Unclaimed Funds until we can return the money to its rightful owner.
The Department of Commerce is proud to provide excellent customer service.  If you do not find what you are looking for on this site, please contact us, we would be happy to assist you.
Jacqueline T. Williams was appointed Director of the Ohio Department of Commerce by Governor John R. Kasich in April 2015.
Jacqueline T. Williams was appointed Director of the Ohio Department of Commerce by Governor John R. Kasich in April 2015. She serves as a member of the Governor’s cabinet and is responsible for the overall leadership and direction of the Department of Commerce.
The Department of Commerce is one of the state’s leading regulatory agencies. Williams has made providing exceptional customer service a top priority for the agency while promoting the growth, success, safety and soundness of businesses in real estate, industrial compliance, securities, financial institutions, liquor control, fire safety, and unclaimed funds.
Prior to her appointment as Director, Williams served as Chief of the Minority Business Development Division in the Ohio Development Services Agency. In that role, she was responsible for leading the state’s efforts to develop, grow and sustain minority, women and disadvantaged business enterprises. She previously was Executive Director of the Ohio Liquor Control Commission.
Williams has also served as the Director of College Savings with the New America Foundation in Washington, D.C. In that capacity, she worked with policymakers, opinion leaders and consumers to establish a national college savings agenda.
Prior to her time in Washington, Williams served for 10 years as Executive Director of the Ohio Tuition Trust Authority, where she repositioned the enterprise to grow assets in CollegeAdvantage, the state’s 529 college savings plan, from $440 million to $6.5 billion and increased plan participation from 85,000 to 760,000. During her tenure, CollegeAdvantage was recognized by SavingforCollege.com and Morningstar as a Top 5 national college savings plan. Williams served two terms as Chair of the College Savings Plans Network and under her leadership, the network achieved tax free distribution for 529 plans. Williams has also served as Chief of Consumer Services at the Ohio Consumers Counsel and Chief Administrative Officer with the Ohio Bureau of Workers Compensation, where she oversaw marketing, human resources, training and communications.
Williams worked for AT&T in a number of national and global marketing capacities. She also was AT&T’s Director of Public Relations, where she supported 24 business units with annual revenues exceeding $750 million
Williams earned both a Master of Science and a Bachelor of Arts from Miami University in Oxford, Ohio. She has completed executive education at the Aspen Institute, WELD and with the Miami University Center for Entrepreneurial Education.
Our Mission:
The Mission of the Ohio Department of Commerce is to safeguard Ohio’s citizens and visitors, their property and resources while ensuring reliable marketplaces conducive to business growth and prosperity.
Divisions
Laws & Rules
Searching for something different?
Give us your
Didn’t find what you’re looking for?
Give us a call at 614-466-3636 for assistance.
OHIO DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE INTERNET PORTAL PRIVACY NOTICE
The Department of Commerce Internet Portal, a service provided by the Ohio Department of Commerce, recognizes the importance of privacy to our web site visitors. Therefore, visitors should be aware of the following information.
Public Records
Visitors should be aware that, subject to certain statutory exceptions, most documents and records maintained by the state of Ohio, including but not limited to electronic data, are public records under Ohio law. Therefore, information submitted through this web site may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request.
Usage Statistics
In order to generate usage statistics to help us improve our web site, we automatically collect certain information on every visitor to the web site. However, this information does not disclose "personal identifiers" (such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc.). Each time a request is made to view a page within this web site, our web site creates a log file capturing generic user information. Examples of this type of information includes the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the date and time you accessed this site, the Internet protocol address of the individual computer (or proxy server) making the request, and the Internet address of the site from which you may have linked to this site. All information collected by way of server log files is used in aggregate form only, and may be analyzed for trends and statistics.
Online Forms AND E-mail
This web site will not collect personally identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, etc.) unless you provide such information voluntarily. We may ask for such information so that we can tailor interactive features of this web site to your specific interests and needs (including periodically forwarding information that matches your selected interests). You are free to provide or not to provide the requested information. If you choose not to provide this type of information, you can still visit most of the web site, but you may be unable to participate in certain online forums. Any personal information voluntarily provided by visitors, including personal information submitted on online forms and e-mail, will be used for the purposes stated on the web page and may also be shared with other agencies as required by law or pursuant to agency authority. Information submitted through this web site also may be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request.
Web Cookies
Visitors who submit information via this web site should be aware that data linking your computer to this web site (a "cookie") may be created. Temporary cookies may be used when necessary to complete a transaction, to process data submitted to us online or to facilitate ongoing Internet interaction. Information collected on our web sites, including cookies, may also be subject to disclosure pursuant to a public records request.
Security Measures
We take very seriously the integrity of the information and systems that we maintain. Therefore, we have instituted security measures for all information systems under our control. These security measures are designed to identify attempts to tamper with this web site. Information collected through these security measures may be used in connection with a criminal prosecution or other legal proceedings.
Columbus, OH 43215-6123
