Privacy Policy
The Privacy Policy of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science of Columbia University in the City of New York
 
When Personal Information Is Collected and How The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Uses Your Personal Information
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science collects personal information to make our site(s) and service(s) more relevant and rewarding for you to use.
For each visitor to our Web pages, our Web server automatically recognizes your domain, service provider, operating system, and internet browser. Our Web server additionally records usage of pages by our visitors. We use this information, in aggregate, for our research reports and performance surveys. We sometimes use this non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience.
Some of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science site(s) and service(s) collect personally identifiable information to further personalize your experience within a site. Some site(s) and service(s) require that you provide personally identifiable information in order to participate in the activities and offerings within.
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs, or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when we make changes to our services, to fulfill a request by you, or to contact you about your account with us. Most of our communications provide an “opt-out” feature.
We may also use your information to update internal systems. This allows for seamless delivery of services and resources to you across the University.
 
Cookies
 
Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites
 
Will The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Disclose My Personal Information to Parties Outside the University?
The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science does not sell, rent, give away, or loan any identifiable information regarding its members to any third party other than agents and contractors of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science or Columbia University.
Agents and contractors of The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science or Columbia University who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science or Columbia University.
 
How The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Protects Your Information
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. We secure information transmission, storage, and retrieval. 
On our secure server(s), we use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our site. SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet helps protect your online transaction information from third-party interception.
We never display your sensitive information such as your full Social Security number or credit card number once it has been entered. We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes.
We urge you to protect your own privacy. We recommend that you do not share any account information or passwords used to access our site(s) or service(s). We would never request from your password from you.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy.
 
How You Can Access or Correct Your Information
Many of the online site(s) and service(s) we provide allow you to manage your personal information. Should you need further assistance, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
 
How Does The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science Protect the Privacy of Children Younger Than 13 Years?
 
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by The Fu Foundation School of Engineering and Applied Science and Columbia University. The full terms of use are contained within the “Columbia Engineering Web Site(s)/Service(s) Terms of Use” at the following URL: http://engineering.columbia.edu/terms-use .
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the content or practices of our Web site, you can contact Columbia University Information Technology:
615 West 131st Street, Mail Code: 8750
New York, NY 10027
MC0401
Phone: +1-212-939-7000
Fax: +1-212-666-0140
Ok
Dean Boyce's statement on amicus brief filed by President Bollinger
President Bollinger announced that Columbia University along with many other academic institutions (sixteen, including all Ivy League universities) filed an amicus brief in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York challenging the Executive Order regarding immigrants from seven designated countries and refugees. Among other things, the brief asserts that “safety and security concerns can be addressed in a manner that is consistent with the values America has always stood for, including the free flow of ideas and people across borders and the welcoming of immigrants to our universities.”
This recent action provides a moment for us to collectively reflect on our community within Columbia Engineering and the importance of our commitment to maintaining an open and welcoming community for all students, faculty, researchers and administrative staff. As a School of Engineering and Applied Science, we are fortunate to attract students and faculty from diverse backgrounds, from across the country, and from around the world. It is a great benefit to be able to gather engineers and scientists of so many different perspectives and talents – all with a commitment to learning, a focus on pushing the frontiers of knowledge and discovery, and with a passion for translating our work to impact humanity.
I am proud of our community, and wish to take this opportunity to reinforce our collective commitment to maintaining an open and collegial environment. We are fortunate to have the privilege to learn from one another, and to study, work, and live together in such a dynamic and vibrant place as Columbia.
Sincerely,
{{title}}
{{start}} - {{end}}
{{/speaker}}                 {{#series}}
Series: {{series}}
{{longtitle}}
