IN.gov Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the IN.gov Web portal and reviewing our privacy policy. Because IN.gov values its visitors, we only collect the minimum amount of information necessary to serve our customers. IN.gov will collect no personal information about you when you visit its Web portal unless you voluntarily choose to provide that information by entering information in an online form, sending an e-mail, registering for an IN.gov subscription, participating in a contest or other promotion, or by performing an online service transaction using an assigned user ID and password.
Data Collection
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the IN.gov Web portal to read Web pages or download information, IN.gov will automatically gather and store certain information about your visit. Your Web browser software transmits most of this information to us; however, this information does not identify you personally.
We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The numeric IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access the IN.gov Web portal. IN.gov software can then map these IP addresses into Internet domain names, for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain;
The type of browser and operating system used to access the IN.gov Web portal;
The date and time you access the IN.gov Web portal;
The pages you visit, including graphics loaded from each page and other documents you download, such as PDF (Portable Document Format) files and word processing documents; and
If you were referred to the IN.gov Web portal from another Web site, IN.gov captures the address of the referring Web site.
IN.gov uses this information to make the Web portal more useful to visitors--to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology visitors use. We do not use information to track or record information about individuals and their visits.
Use of Cookies
A "cookie" is a small text file that a Web site can place on your computer's hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it possible for you to use an online "shopping cart" to keep track of items you wish to purchase. The cookie transmits this information back to the Web site's computer which, generally speaking, is the only computer that can read it. Most consumers do not know that "cookies" are being placed on their computers when they visit Web sites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a Web site attempts to place a "cookie" on your computer.
IN.gov discourages the use of Web cookies on its Web sites. Temporary cookies, however, may be used when necessary to complete a transaction. Certain services, such as Secretary of State services, use cookies to enhance the user experience and avoid multiple login/password authentication. If a persistent Web cookie is required, the Web page discloses to visitors that a persistent cookie is being used. Information collected on our Web sites including information from persistent Web cookies is generally subject to Indiana Access to Public Records Law except as otherwise provided by Indiana or federal law.
Voluntary Personal Information Submission
If you choose to identify yourself by sending IN.gov or a state government employee an e-mail, registering for an accessIndiana subscription, participating in a contest or other promotion, or by using online forms, some personal data may be collected; however, that data will only be used for limited purposes.
IN.gov and its related state agencies may ask you to voluntarily provide personal information under the following circumstances:
IN.gov and the various state agencies it serves may ask for your e-mail address in order to process various applications available through IN.gov - for example, Rapid Renewal of your automobile registrations, Professional Service Bureau volunteer applications, requests for site feedback, surveys, and contests or other promotions.
When you use our Instant Access service and pay by credit card, IN.gov asks for the cardholder's name, address, account number, and card expiration date.
When you perform a transaction using a subscriber service, IN.gov will log the user's login name for billing purposes or for other purposes required by law. In addition, as IN.gov grows, it may offer services such as a business or consumer portals or customization features and will likely ask for your e-mail and other information.
All of these activities are purely voluntary. You will always have the option of whether to perform the transaction and provide this information. Please understand, however, that in order to open an IN.gov account or perform an online service transaction, you will be required to provide some personal information.
If you choose to provide IN.gov or a state agency employee with personal information, the requestor will use that information to respond to your message. IN.gov and state government employees treat e-mails the same way they treat letters.
We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law.
Registered users can edit or delete their account information by e-mailing, phoning, or faxing IN.gov. Please understand that, although we can delete your account online, state records retention laws may require us to maintain information about your account for a period of years.
IN.gov does not collect information for commercial marketing. It will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone.
Restrictions on Use and Disclosure of Personal Data
IN.gov will only send personally identifiable information about you to other companies, agencies, or people when:
We have your consent to share the information;
We need to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested. For example, IN.gov uses a third party billing company, and it sends information for billing purposes only;
We need to send the information to companies who work on behalf of IN.gov to provide a product or service to you. (Unless we tell you differently, these companies do not have any right to use the personally identifiable information we provide to them beyond what is necessary to assist us);
We are required to do so by law, subpoena, court order or legal process;
We find that your actions on state Web sites violate the IN.gov Terms of Use Agreement or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services; or
The use of personal information available on accessIndiana is regulated in accordance with Indiana Code (IC) 5-14-3-3(f) , which, in part, provides that "names and addresses may not be disclosed by [the state] to commercial entities for commercial purposes and may not be used by commercial entities for commercial purposes."
Child Protection
IN.gov is not directed to children under 13, and does not knowingly collect personal information from children.
IN.gov encourages parents and teachers are involved in children's Internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when children are asked to provide personal information online.
IN.gov does not sell products or services for purchase by children. The Web portal specifically asks children to get their parents' permission before providing any information online and hopes parents will always be involved in those decisions.
In the event children unknowingly provide information through the IN.gov Web portal, it is only used to enable us to respond to the writer and not to create profiles of children.
Public Disclosure and Open Records Law
The state of Indiana government is required to maintain many documents under the Indiana Access to Public Records Act for archival and historical purposes; however, it does not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you or for other purposes required by law.
When you provide personally identifiable information to state agencies through IN.gov to receive requested specialized services, such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office, and subject to the laws, regulations, practices, and procedures of the respective agency.
Some governmental agencies may already have, or may acquire, personally identifiable information through the normal functions of government. Indiana law governs the use of this information under the Indiana Public Records Act. If state or federal law treats information as public domain, a state agency may choose to make the record available through IN.gov, in much the same manner as the agency would make a record available to a member of the public who visits the agency in person.
Security
IN.gov is committed to ensuring the integrity of the information and systems it maintains. As such, IN.gov has instituted security measures for all information systems under our control so that information will not be lost, misused, or altered.
For site security purposes and to ensure that our Internet services remain available to all users, IN.gov uses software programs to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage. In the event of authorized law enforcement investigations and pursuant to any required legal process, information from these sources may be used to help identify an individual.
Your IN.gov account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas, as with credit card transactions, IN.gov uses industry-standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect data transmissions.
All credit card information is immediately encrypted upon receipt and authenticated through VeriSign. VeriSign authentication uses 128-bit SSL communication.
Links to Other Sites
The IN.gov Web portal contains links to many state agencies and other public sector resources. In a few cases, we link to private organizations (such as Mapquest and Yahoo!), with their permission. Once you link to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site.
Changes to this Policy
The Enhanced Data Access Review Committee (EDARC) has approved this policy. IN.gov may, with the approval of EDARC, revise this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages. This is a statement of policy and should not be interpreted as a contract of any kind.
Contact Information
If you have any comments, questions, or concerns about IN.gov's privacy policy, please contact its privacy coordinator:
Chris W. Cotterill
Indianapolis, Indiana 46204
