× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Cbssports.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Cbssports.com. The live version of this document is available at https://cbsi.secure.force.com/CBSi/articles/FAQ... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
5. Your Choices
You can choose to enjoy content and features on CBS Interactive Web Sites without directly providing us with any information about you; however, as described above, some information may automatically be collected or may be requested so you can take advantage of certain features and services offered on CBS Interactive Web Sites.
You can opt out of receiving commercial email or text messages from a particular CBS Interactive Web Site or service by following the instructions contained in any such message. Please note that even if you unsubscribe to commercial messages, we still may need to send you communications relating to your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites, such as service announcements.
You also have choices about whether cookies and other similar technologies are placed on your computer or mobile device; for more information, visit our Cookie Policy .
You also may choose to opt out of our use of data that we collect about your visits to our business partners’ sites to customize advertising that we serve. To opt out, visit the CBS Interactive Business Partner Advertising Opt-Out page.
6. Access
If you choose to share contact information with us, you may have the opportunity to update that information on a CBS Interactive Web Site. You also may update or amend your information by contacting us . If you ask us to shut down your account or delete your information, we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time. Please note that we may need to retain some information about you in order to satisfy our legal and security obligations. For example, some of your information may remain in back-up storage even if you ask us to delete it. In some cases, you may be entitled under local laws to access or object to the processing of information that we hold relating to you.
7. Protection of Information
We are committed to protecting your information. We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We want you to feel confident using CBS Interactive Web Sites but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. Please refer to the U.S. Federal Trade Commission's web site for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.
8. Transfer of Data Internationally
CBS Interactive is headquartered in the United States and has affiliate offices and partners in other countries. Please be aware that information you provide to us or we obtain as a result of your use of the CBS Interactive Web Sites may be collected in your country and subsequently transferred to the United States or another country in accordance with applicable law. The privacy and data protection laws in another country may not be equivalent to such laws in your country of residence. By using and participating in any CBS Interactive Web Site or providing us with your information, you consent to the collection, international
transfer, storage, and processing of your information.
9. Visitors from Outside the United States
For additional information about CBS Interactive's privacy practices, as well as our affiliate offices and partners in some of the other countries where we operate, please click on the appropriate link for your jurisdiction: Australia , Canada , the United Kingdom .
10. California Visitors
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which a CBS Interactive Web Site has disclosed certain information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us . For all requests, you must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the body of your request and include the name of the CBS Interactive Web Site with respect to which you are requesting the information, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
11. Privacy Protections for Children
Most CBS Interactive Web Sites are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. Some CBS Interactive Web Sites may ask for a birth date to ensure that they are not collecting information from children under 13 or to identify when additional steps may need to be taken in connection with information collected from children under 18. In those instances where a CBS Interactive Web Site has actual knowledge that it collects information from or offers a service directed toward children as defined under applicable laws, it will comply with those laws. To read about our privacy policy for children, please see the Children's Privacy Policy .
12. User-Generated Content
Some CBS Interactive Web Sites enable users to submit their own content for use in contests, blogs, on-air radio and TV broadcasts, online audio and video streams, videos, message boards, and other functions. Publication of User Generated Content on the CBS Interactive Web Sites is subject to our Terms of Use . Please remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and exercise caution when deciding to disclose your contact, financial, and other information in a submission. We cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law, or your personal privacy and safety. We may also engage a third party to provide some of the services associated with the blogs, message boards and similar functions. This third party will collect and host the information that you submit to the CBS Interactive Web Sitesbut will not use any of this information for purposes other than providing the service.
13. Third Party Sites
When you select a link to a third party web site from one of the CBS Interactive Web Sites (for example, if you link to Pay Pal in order to pay for a product or service offered by a CBS Interactive Web Site), you will be leaving the CBS Interactive Site. Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site's privacy policy.
14. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the "Effective Date" and such changes will be effective upon posting. If we make any material changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on CBS Interactive Web Sites.
15. Questions
If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will endeavor to respond to your request within a reasonable period of time. You may also submit questions or comments using the postal address listed below:
CBS Interactive Inc.
235 Second Street
Attn: Legal Department
 
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
