Privacy Policy admin 2015-11-14T01:09:39+00:00
This Web Site is owned and operated by Broker Match, Inc. Protecting your privacy online is a top priority for us. Broker Match is committed to protecting your online privacy and utilizes the latest technology to give you the most powerful and safe online experience.
Our Privacy Policy explains:
How we use that information.
Why we collect information
We collect information about you to respond to your request for products or services offered through this website. We also collect information in order to notify you about products, services, and other opportunities we think will be of interest to you.
What information we collect 
Information you give us in connection with obtaining quotes, registering to receive email communications, entering a promotion or sweepstakes, participating in a telephone or web based survey, or from general feedback. The information you provide personally identifies you, such as your name, address, email address, home or work phone number, and other information depending upon your request.
General Demographic information not unique to you. Demographic information is all other information such as gender, zip code, or any information that is not tied to your personal information.
Website Usage Data: This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. We use this data in the aggregate and on an individual level to better understand website activity to improve our site offerings, to reconstruct activity from a session or by a user, for troubleshooting and issue resolution purposes. We may also use this data to provide you a more personalized website experience, assistance with technical support questions, and to send you special offers, product and service updates, or other promotional materials that are relevant and tailored to your interests. We do not share your information with outside companies for their promotional use. We do not track URLs that you type into your browser, nor do we track you across the Internet once you leave our site.
Use of your Personal Information
The personal information you submit is collected by Broker Match and used to deliver the services you have requested. We share your personally identifiable information with the particular business partner operating the service or providing the product you requested. Up to 5 of our partners may contact you by telephone, email, or regular mail based on the information you provided to us, even if you have opted into the National Do Not Call List administered by the Federal Trade Commission, any state equivalent Do Not Call List, or the Do Not Call List of an internal company. If one of our partners contact you by telephone and you wish not to be contacted again by that partner with respect to your inquiry, then you should specifically make a request to that partner not to contact you again.
Broker Match may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
In addition, Broker Match may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Broker Match, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information to provide you services or updates on additional products, contact us a
info@BrokerMatch.com Additionally, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Use of Aggregate, Non-Personal, or De-identified Information.
We may share aggregated information (i.e., information about you and other customers collectively, but not specifically identifiable to you) and other non-personal, de-identified, or anonymous information we collect with third parties, including affiliates to perform statistical analysis or develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Site and on the websites of third parties.
Broker Match keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within the Broker Match network of websites, in order to determine what services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Broker Match will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Broker Match or the Broker Match sites; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Broker Match; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Broker Match, or the public.
Use of Cookies
To serve you faster and to help you personalize your online experience we use “cookies” technology. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Broker Match Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Broker Matchsecures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure and secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Questions and Suggestions
Broker Matchwelcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at 800-578-0994 or
Send an email to: info@BrokerMatch.com
Send a letter to: 2655 First St. Suite 250, Simi Valley, CA 93065.
We are Not licensed in the State of New York
Changes to this Statement
Broker Match will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Broker Match encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Broker Match is protecting your information.
By using this site, you signify your consent to the Broker Match Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use any of the Broker Match sites. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of the Broker Match Privacy Policy.
Recent Posts
 
