Please enter your username or Email address.
A link to create a new password will be sent to your email.
Email
New Password
Last updated: April 27th, 2015
By continuing to access and/or use the mobileCore Platform following any update to this mobileCore Website and SDK Privacy Policy, you are indicating that you have read and agree to its updated terms and conditions.
This mobileCore Website and SDK Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the privacy practices of ironSource Ltd. and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“ironSource”, “we” or “us”) with respect to your use of the mobileCore website (the “Website”), and the mobileCore Software Development Kit (the “SDK”).
Please read this Policy carefully. This Policy provides you with information on how we collect, use and/or share the information we obtain from you and the users of your Developer Apps (as defined in the SDK License Agreement). This Policy applies to our Website and SDK and does not apply to any third party services, websites, software and content that may be available as part of, linked to, from or in conjunction with the SDK.
Please also review our Website Terms of Service (the “TOS”), which govern your access to and use of the Website, and the mobileCore SDK License Agreement (the “SDK License Agreement”) which governs your use of the SDK, if applicable. By accessing, visiting and/or using the Website and/or downloading and/or using the SDK, you agree to abide by the terms of this Policy, the TOS and/or the SDK License Agreement, as applicable, in all respects. Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the SDK License Agreement.
BY ACCESSING, VISITING AND/OR USING THE WEBSITE AND/OR DOWNLOADING AND/OR USING THE SDK, YOU CONSENT TO OUR USE OF ANY INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US AND YOUR DEVELOPER APPS’ USERS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS, VISIT AND/OR USE THE WEBSITE AND/OR DOWNLOAD THE SDK.
1. Information We Collect and Use
1.1 Website Information. When you use the Website, we may collect non personal information and technical information which may include your IP address, your activity log on the Website, your operating system, browser and type of network connection (“Non Personal Information”).
1.2 Developer Apps Users’ Information. When you use the SDK as part of your Developer Apps, we may collect Non Personal Information and Personal Information (as defined below) from the users of your Developer Apps’. Non Personal Information may include the version of the SDK available as part of the Developer Apps that are installed on your users’ device, information regarding their device, their Android advertising identifier and/or IDFA, as applicable, their IP address, their device’s operating system details and Media Access Control (MAC) address and other statistical and technical information. Personal Information may include information regarding third parties applications installed on your users’ device, their age and gender (collectively, “Personal Information”). We collect and use this information to measure, improve the SDK over time, and tailor the experience to your users.
1.3 Corporate Affiliates. We may use services and/or features developed by our corporate affiliates, when you use these services and/or features information about you may be collected by them. Each such service or feature will be accompanied by a privacy policy that will describe how your information will be collected, used and/or shared. You hereby consent to our collection and use of such information.
1.4 Information You Provide Us. When you send us emails, you are communicating with us electronically. You agree to receive electronic communication from us and that all communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. You also agree that we may keep record of your correspondence with us and that we may use any information you provide to us electronically to improve the Website, the SDK or otherwise at our sole discretion. Your correspondence may include personal information should you chose to provide it to us.
1.5 Additional features. We are always seeking to improve the Website and the SDK. Therefore, we may introduce new features, some of which may result in the collection of additional information from you and/or the users. If we start collecting additional types of personal information and materially change how we handle such information, we will modify this Policy and notify you in accordance with Section 7 (Changes to This Policy).
2. Information Sharing and Disclosure
2.1 We do not rent, sell, or share your and/or the user’s Personal Information except in the limited circumstances described in this Policy or in the event that we have a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with the law, a legal requirement or process, including without limitation, subpoenas, court orders, or other compulsory disclosures, or to establish, maintain or exercise our legal rights; (ii) enforce this Policy or the SDK License Agreement; (iii) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or violation of third party rights; or (iv) protect our rights. In addition, in the event that we undergo a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be one of the assets sold or transferred.
2.2 Service Providers. We may employ third parties to provide us with maintenance, analysis, audit, and development services with respect to the Website and/or SDK and in such instances we may provide your and/or the users’ information to such third parties. We may share your and/or the users’ information with third parties with whom we have a strategic relationship, such as advertisers. We currently use Amazon Web Services, Inc. servers to process your information. You can read about the measures taken by Amazon Web Services, Inc. to protect the security of their servers and your information at: http://awsmedia.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf.
2.3 Data Transfer. We may transfer your information and process it on servers outside your country of residence.
3. Privacy Policies.
All mobileCore partners that use the SDK in their Developer App(s) must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations as well as applicable industry and/or app store guidelines, and post a privacy policy that discloses their use of third party services, including the SDK and the information such third party services collect, use and/or share. All mobileCore partners must ensure that users’ consent to mobileCore’s collection, use and/or disclosure of their information. We are not responsible for your use of users’ information or the use of users’ information by any third party advertising networks you use. You must insure that users review your privacy policies for information about your data practices.
4. Security.
We have implemented security safeguards designed to protect your personal information in accordance with industry standards. We limit access to your information on our servers, and it is password-protected/encrypted. We also regularly monitor our servers for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. Nevertheless, as the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us. There is no guarantee that information on our servers may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of our safeguards.
5. Modifying Your Personal Information.
You have a right to request that we delete any of your personal information in our possession by sending us an email to: support@mobilecore.com . We will generally delete your information within 30 days of receipt of your request.
6. Our Policy Towards Children.
The Website and the SDK are not intended and/or directed to persons under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under that age has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information from our servers. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at support@mobilecore.com .
7. Changes to This Policy.
We may need to change this Policy from time to time in order to address new issues and to reflect changes to the Website and/or SDK or applicable law. We reserve the right to revise or make any changes to this Policy in our sole discretion, and your continual use of the Website and/or the SDK subsequent to any changes to this Policy shall conclusively mean that you accept such changes. You also agree that by your acceptance of such changes, you are indicating that you will insure that the users of your Developer Apps agree to such changes. You can tell when this Policy has been updated by checking the last updated date posted on the top of this page.
8. Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy, please contact us at support@mobilecore.com .
MOBILECORE
A mobileCore representative will be in touch with you shortly.
