Last updated: April 17, 2018
Your privacy is important to Garmin. We developed this Privacy Policy to provide you with information on how we process your personal data when you use the Garmin Connect website, the Garmin Connect Mobile app and Garmin wearable devices or other Garmin devices that are compatible with Garmin Connect.
Other Garmin websites, apps and products that do not include a link to this Privacy Policy and include a link to a different Garmin privacy policy are governed by that privacy policy.
“Personal data” is information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
To jump to a specific section of this Privacy Policy, please click on a link below:
Personal data that is processed when you create a Garmin account:
When you create a Garmin account, we ask you to provide your email address and name. You can choose to provide only your first name or a nickname instead of your full name if you wish.
Purposes and Legal Grounds:
(a)    Garmin processes your email address because you use your email address and your password to sign in to your account.  The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is based on Garmin’s legitimate interest in protecting the security of your account.
(b)    Garmin also processes your email address for the purpose of sending you important information about your Garmin products, apps or account, such as important safety information or material changes to this Privacy Policy. The name you provide is associated with your account profile, and is displayed to your Connections when you engage in Challenges, Leaderboards, Groups and Segments, and when you submit comments. The legal ground for processing your email address and name for these purposes is Garmin’s legitimate interest in providing you important safety or other information about your Garmin products, apps or account or material changes to this Privacy Policy, and in providing you an opportunity to engage with other Garmin Connect users.
(c)    If you provide your opt-in consent to receiving marketing information from Garmin, Garmin will also process your email address for the purpose of sending you marketing information about Garmin products and apps. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your preferences in your Garmin account or through the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails. The marketing emails you receive from Garmin are based on the preferences you provide in your Garmin account, the locale indicated by your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the types of Garmin devices you have added to your Garmin account, and any subscriptions included in your Garmin account.  The legal ground for processing this data for this purpose is Garmin’s legitimate interest in reducing the number of marketing emails sent to each particular customer by selecting which customers receive a particular marketing email rather than sending every marketing email to every customer who has consented to receiving marketing emails.
(d)    If you provide your opt-in consent, Garmin will process your email address for the purpose of sending you notifications (e.g., when you join a challenge, when challenge is over, when comments to a challenge are submitted, etc.). The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is your consent. You can withdraw this consent at any time by opting-out of receiving such notifications.
(e)    Garmin also processes your email address to associate it with your Garmin account when you interact with our customer support representatives. The legal ground for this processing is our legitimate interest in providing quality customer support.
Additional personal data that is processed if you choose to provide it when you create a Garmin account:
You can add additional information to your profile, such as your location, types of activities you participate in (e.g., running, hiking, cycling, golf, etc.), and your gender, birthdate, height and weight.
Purposes and Legal Ground:
This information is used to calculate the calories you burn during an activity and to enable you to show your Connections the types of activities you participate in if you wish.  The legal ground for processing this information for these purposes is your consent. You can withdraw your consent by deleting this information from your account profile.
Personal data that is processed when you sign in to your Garmin account with Social Media Credentials if you choose:
You may choose to sign in to your Garmin account using your social media sign in credentials (e.g., your Facebook sign in credentials). If you choose to do this, the first time you do so you will be asked whether you agree that the social media provider may provide certain information to Garmin, such as your name, email address, profile photo, posts, comments and other information associated with your social media account.
All of this information is made available to Garmin by the social media provider due to the way the social sign-on configuration works. However, the only information Garmin retains and processes is your email address. If you do not want your information to be shared with Garmin by the social media provider, then you can simply sign in to your Garmin account using your Garmin account credentials instead of your social media account credentials.
Purpose and Legal Ground:
Garmin associates the email address provided by the social media provider with your Garmin account so that you can use your email address to sign in to your Garmin account in the future if you no longer wish to sign in using your social media account credentials. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is Garmin’s legitimate interest in providing you an alternative signin method and in securing your account.
Personal data that is processed when you choose to upload your activities, location and activity data to Garmin:
You can choose to upload activities (e.g., runs, walks, swims, hikes, geocaches, adventures, etc.) and activity data (e.g., steps, distance, pace, activity time, calories burned, heart rate, sleep, location, golf stats, etc.) from your device to your Garmin account. You can use your device without providing your consent to upload your activities to Garmin. If you choose to upload your activities to Garmin, you control whether others can see your activity data by managing the privacy settings in your Garmin account.  Your activity data is set to “Private” by default.
Purposes and Legal Grounds:
(a)    Garmin processes your activity data, if you choose to upload it to Garmin, to enable you to analyze your activity data, see your location on your activity course and segment maps, see your heart rate related metrics such as stress score, track your fitness goals, and, if you wish, share your activity data with others. If you reside in the European Economic Area or in Switzerland, the legal ground for this processing is your explicit consent, which you can withdraw at any time within your Garmin account.
(b)    If you choose to upload activity data (such as steps, distance, pace, activity time, calories burned, heart rate, sleep, etc.) from your Garmin device to your Garmin account and you choose to participate in Insights, then you will be presented with an Insights section in your Garmin account in which you will be provided with recommendations and motivational messages, information and links to articles that may be of interest to you based upon your activity data, and a comparison of your activity data with aggregated activity data of others in the Garmin Connect community. If you reside in the European Economic Area or in Switzerland, the legal ground for processing this data for this purpose is your explicit consent, which you can withdraw at any time within your Garmin account.
Personal data that is processed when you add a Garmin device to your Garmin account:
When you add certain Garmin devices to your Garmin account we ask for additional information, such as your gender, height, weight, birthdate, activity level (low, medium, or high) and normal bed and wake times.
Purpose and Legal Ground:
This information is processed to calculate the calories you burn during an activity, provide you Insights about your activities and sleep (if you give your explicit consent to be presented with Insights), and to set your wearable device to “do not disturb” mode during your normal sleep hours. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by removing your device from your Garmin account and deleting this information from your profile.
Personal data that is processed when you sync your Garmin device:
When you sync your device through Garmin Connect, Garmin Connect Mobile or Garmin Express, we log data about the transmission, such as the IP address used when syncing, the sync time and date, crash/diagnostic logs, geographic location of the device, information about your device, information about the network used to sync (e.g., Wi-Fi or cellular) and device battery level.
Purpose and Legal Ground:
We process this information to help identify and resolve errors or syncing issues. The legal ground for processing this information for this purpose is Garmin’s legitimate interest in resolving errors or syncing issues and providing quality product support.
Personal data that is processed when you connect your Garmin account to a third-party app if you choose:
If you choose to enable your Garmin account to access accounts you have with other app providers, such as your MyFitnessPal, Strava or TrainingPeaks account, we will obtain information about you from such account, such as the number of calories consumed in a particular day based on information from your MyFitnessPal account or courses and segments from your Strava account.
Purpose and Legal Ground:
This information is used to supplement your activity information in Garmin Connect with information you have provided to such third-party apps. The legal ground for this processing is your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by disconnecting your Garmin account from the third-party app within your Garmin account.
Personal data that is processed when you communicate with Garmin:
When you interact with our customer support representatives via email, telephone, online or in person, we collect personal data, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences; and information about the Garmin products you own, such as their serial numbers and dates of purchase. We also may create event logs that are useful in diagnosing product or app performance-related issues, and capture information relating to the support or service issue. To improve customer service, subject to applicable laws, we may also record and review conversations with customer support representatives, and analyze any feedback provided to us through voluntary customer surveys. With your consent, our customer support representatives may sign in to your Garmin account, if appropriate, to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue.
Purpose and Legal Ground:
We use this information to provide you with customer and product support and to monitor the quality and types of customer and product support we provide to our customers. The legal ground for processing this information for these purposes is Garmin’s legitimate interests in providing quality product support. The legal ground for signing in to your Garmin account, if appropriate, to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue is consent, which you may withdraw.
Categories of Recipients of Personal Data
Other Garmin Connect users:
Your activities and activity data associated with your Garmin account are set to “Private” by default. You may decide to allow others to view your activities and activity data by changing the privacy settings in your Garmin account.  You can join Groups and make Connections with other Garmin Connect users. You may also choose to join other Garmin Connect users in Challenges and Leaderboards. When you interact with others in these ways, you will be displaying your data relating to the Challenge or Leaderboard (e.g., aggregate number of steps during the duration of a steps Leaderboard or Challenge) even if your privacy settings in your Garmin account are set to “Private.”
Your LiveTrack invitees:
LiveTrack is a feature available on some Garmin devices that enables you to send a link to people of your choice that allows them to see the real-time location of your device.  Because anyone with access to the link will be able to see the real-time location of your Garmin device, you should use caution in determining to whom you want to send the link and be sure that you trust them to not send the link to others whom you do not want to be able to view the location of your Garmin device.
Content or feature providers; other third parties:
From time to time, we share or sell activity data in a de-identified and aggregated manner with or to companies that provide Garmin and our customers with content or features for the purpose of enhancing the quality of the content or features they provide, and with or to other third parties for research or other purposes.
Third-party app, platform or service providers with whom you ask Garmin to share your data:
If you choose to authorize Garmin to permit a third party, such as your wellness program provider, or an app, such as MyFitnessPal, Strava, or TrainingPeaks, to access your activity data in your Garmin account, then we will share such data with the third party. We will not do this without your explicit consent. Once you direct us to share data with a third party, the third party’s handling of your personal data is the responsibility of that third party and you should carefully review the third party’s privacy policy. You can choose to stop sharing data with the thirdparty app, platform or service provider at any time within your Garmin account.
Other service providers:
Garmin uses cloud services from third parties such as Adobe and Emarsys to assist in sending emails.  Those services track the activities associated with these emails, such as whether they were opened, whether links in the emails were clicked on, and whether purchases were made following clicks on those links. Garmin uses this data to analyze the level of engagement with its emails. Garmin uses third-party service providers to help us better understand usage of Garmin Express and the Garmin Connect website and app, and for related purposes.
Other disclosures:
We may disclose personal data about you to others: (a) if we have your valid consent to do so; (b) to comply with a valid subpoena, legal order, court order, legal process, or other legal obligation; (c) to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies; or (d) as necessary to pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims.
We may also transfer your personal data to an affiliate, a subsidiary or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Garmin’s business, assets or stock, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding, provided that any such entity that we transfer personal data to will not be permitted to process your personal data other than as described in this Privacy Policy without providing you notice and, if required by applicable laws, obtaining your consent.
Transfers of Personal Data
Garmin is a global business. To offer our products, apps and services, we may need to transfer your personal data to other Garmin companies in other countries. View Garmin-owned companies . When you create a Garmin account, add personal data in your account profile, or upload data to your Garmin account, your personal data will be collected and stored on Garmin International Inc.’s servers in the United States. Personal data regarding individuals who reside in a country in the European Economic Area or in Switzerland is controlled by Garmin Würzburg GmbH and processed on its behalf by Garmin International, Inc.
Any transfers of personal data from Garmin companies in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or Switzerland to Garmin International, Inc. in the United States are done pursuant to European Commission approved Model Contractual Clauses.
All Garmin companies are required to follow the privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Statement.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
Website:
To help analyze how you and other visitors navigate the Garmin Connect website, compile aggregate statistics about site usage and response rates, help diagnose any problems with Garmin’s servers and administer the Garmin Connect website, we, with assistance from third-party analytics service providers, collect certain information when you visit our site. This information includes IP address, geographic location of the device, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request, time(s) of your visit(s), page views and page elements (e.g., links) that you click. We may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar tools on our site or in our email messages to assist us in collecting and analyzing such information. We use this information to provide better, more relevant content on our site, to identify and fix problems, and to improve your overall experience on our site.
If you do not want information collected through the use of these technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them.
If you reside in the European Union or other jurisdiction that requires us to obtain your consent to use cookies on our sites, then you will have an opportunity to manage your cookie preferences on the sites; except that certain cookies are required to enable core site functionality, and you cannot choose to disable those cookies.
Garmin Connect Mobile app and Garmin Express:
We also collect data from users about their usage of Garmin Connect Mobile and Garmin Express. The types of analytical information that are collected include the date and time the app accesses our servers, app version, the location of the device, language setting, what information and files have been downloaded to the app, user behavior (e.g., features used, frequency of use), device state information, device model, hardware and operating system information, and information relating to how the app functions.  Garmin uses this data to improve the quality and functionality of the Garmin Connect Mobile app, Garmin Express and other Garmin apps; to develop and market products and features that best serve you and other users; and to help identify and fix app stability issues and other usability problems as quickly as possible.
The legal ground for processing this analytical information is our legitimate interest in understanding how our customers interact with our products, apps and websites so we can enhance the user experience and functionality of our products, apps and websites.
Here are examples of third-party providers of analytics and similar services we currently use:
Analytics Services:
Azure Application Insights: Azure Application Insights is used to help us better understand usage of Garmin Express to improve user experience. Azure Application Insights is a Microsoft service.
HockeyApp; Crashlytics (Fabric): HockeyApp, which is a Microsoft service, and Crashlytics are used to help us better understand usage of the Garmin Connect Mobile app to improve user experience and to identify and resolve the root causes of app crashes.
Tag Management:
Garmin uses Tealium IQ Tag Management to help manage the various analytics services and cookie and pixel tag technologies Garmin uses to measure website usage. To provide such services, Tealium receives basic server log information from users of Garmin’s websites (e.g., IP address, browser and operating system information).
Application Performance Monitoring:
Garmin uses AppDynamics to analyze and monitor the performance of our complex ecosystem. To provide such services, AppDynamics receives basic request information, including IP address, necessary to detect and diagnose anomalous errors and response times.
Children
We request individuals under 16 not provide personal data to Garmin. If we learn that we have collected the personal data from a child under 16, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as we add new products and apps, as we improve our current offerings and as technologies and laws change. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy.
We will provide notice to you if these changes are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. This notice will be provided by email or by posting notice of the changes on the Garmin websites and apps that link to this Privacy Policy.
Retention of Personal Data
We will retain your personal data as long as your Garmin account is considered to be active. In addition, see below under “Your Rights” for a description of your right of erasure.
Data Controller and Data Protection Officer
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area or in Switzerland, then your personal data collected by Garmin is controlled by Garmin Würzburg GmbH, which is located at Beethovenstraße 1a+b, 97080 Würzburg, Germany. Garmin’s EU Data Protection Officer is located at the same address and can also be reached by email at euprivacy@garmin.com
If you reside outside of the European Economic Area and Switzerland, then the personal data collected by Garmin is controlled by Garmin International, Inc., 1200 E. 151st St., Olathe, Kansas 66062, which you can also contact by email at privacy@garmin.com .
Your Rights
If you reside in the European Union, you have the right under the General Data Protection Regulation to request from Garmin access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, data portability, restriction of processing of your personal data, the right to object to processing of your personal data, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. For more information about these rights, please visit the European Commission’s “My Rights” page relating to GDPR, which can be displayed in a number of languages.  If you reside outside of the European Union, you may have similar rights under your local laws.
To request access to or rectification, portability or erasure of your personal data, or to delete your Garmin account, visit Account Management Center .
If you live in the European Union and you wish to exercise your right to restriction of processing or your right to object to processing, contact Garmin’s EU Data Protection Officer at Garmin Würzburg GmbH at Beethovenstraße 1a+b, 97080 Würzburg, Germany or by email at euprivacy@garmin.com .  If you do not live in the European Union but you believe you have a right to restriction of processing or a right to object to processing under your local laws, please contact Garmin International, Inc. at privacy@garmin.com .
Back to Top
