AMERICA'S NO.1 SOURCE FOR SMARTER, SAFER AND MORE PROFITABLE INVESTING
Email Address
We know that your personal information is important to you and we are committed to ensuring it is kept secure and used carefully.  Below you will find a short summary of how and why we collect your data, who we share it with, and what we’re doing to make sure your data is safe and secure.  You will also find information about your privacy rights.
This is the privacy policy of Banyan Hill.  If we change our privacy policy, we will notify you of those changes here.
Our Website https://www.banyanhill.com may include hyperlinks to other websites that are not operated or controlled by us. This privacy policy only applies to our Website and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices of third party websites.
If you want to navigate directly to a particular section of this policy please click on the relevant link below.
What does Banyan Hill do?
 
What personal information does Banyan Hill collect and why?
We collect information in order to allow us to provide the publications you have subscribed to, and to personalize and improve your experience of our services, Website, and communications with you.  All such information is held on secure servers.
We only use personal data you have given us or that we have collected from you when you visit our Website and order forms.  We do not obtain personal information from or sell it to third parties.  We sometimes share your personal information with third parties, but only to provide your subscriptions to you or to personalize and improve your experience with us.  We never release your personal information to others for their mailing or marketing purposes.
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into two categories:
Information that you provide
We may ask you to provide personal information in order to provide our services to you.  This includes asking you to provide your contact details to deliver subscriptions to you or to register an account with us so you can access the subscriber-only areas of our Website.  It also includes asking you to provide payment information so you can pay for subscriptions or use a one-click order process.
The personal information you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are being asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point you are asked to provide it.
Information that we collect automatically
When you visit our Website and order forms, we may collect certain information automatically from your device.
The data we collect may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, and other technical information.  We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Website or order form, including the pages accessed and links clicked.
We collect this information so we can better understand the visitors who come to our Website [and look at our order forms] and what content may be of interest to them.  Using the information allows us to improve the quality and relevance of our Website and services.
 
Who does Banyan Hill share my personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our group companies who provide data processing services to us, for example, enhancing the security of our Website, or who process personal information for the purposes described in this privacy policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information. Publishing Services LLC (based in Baltimore, Maryland) provides the majority of the data processing services we use including hosting our customer database on their servers.
to reputable third party service providers who provide additional data processing services, for example, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, and assisting with the processing of credit card and direct debit payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. In addition, they must process the personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and as permitted by applicable data protection laws;
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, or similar other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, or (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights; and
to any other person with your consent.
 
Legal basis for processing personal information
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the information concerned and the context in which we collect it.
We will normally collect personal information from you where:
we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (for example, your email address when you subscribe to a free or paid service);
the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights;
we have your consent to do so (for example, to receive marketing emails from us about another publisher’s publications or services which we think might be of interest to you); or
We need the personal information to comply with our legal obligations (for example, our tax and audit requirements and other regulatory obligations)
We fund our free daily editorial emails, Sovereign Investor Daily and The Winning Investor Daily by advertising our services and those of other group companies (occasionally we may carry advertising for a third party service).  There are two to three small ads in each editorial email, and three to five times a week we send separate promotional emails.  By subscribing to the free emails, you are consenting to receive these promotions (we cannot send a free email alone without the promotional emails).  There is an unsubscribe link in each of these emails and you can unsubscribe at any time.
 
How does Banyan Hill keep my personal information secure?
 
International data transfers
 
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
 
You have the following data protection rights:
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.  To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us using the contact details provided under the “How to contact us” heading below.
If we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
 
Updates to this privacy policy
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our privacy policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  We will obtain your consent to any material privacy policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
 
Do you collect sales tax?
Banyan Hill is registered in the states below and is therefore required to collect sales tax on items sold to customers in these states, to the extent the items are taxable. Whether or not an item is taxable depends upon the laws in effect in the state.
Alabama
Colorado
Florida
Georgia
Kentucky
Louisiana
Maine
Maryland
Mississippi
Vermont
**Alabama Tax Disclosure  Sovereign Offshore Services, LLC  has collected the Simplified Sellers Use Tax on transaction(s) for Alabama customers. The tax will be remitted on the customer’s behalf to the Alabama Department of Revenue. The company’s Alabama account number is R009872653.
Sales tax is generally calculated on the total selling price of each item. Depending upon the state’s tax laws, the total selling price of the item may include shipping and handling charges.
Although tax is not required to be collected in states where Banyan Hill is not registered, this does not necessarily mean the transaction is not subject to sales tax.  Purchases may be subject to use tax which must be remitted directly to the state by the customer purchasing the item. Purchases are not exempt from sales tax solely because they are purchased on the internet, by catalog or by other remote means. Please contact the tax authorities in your state for additional information about your responsibilities for remitting use tax.  Links to all the states’ tax administrative agencies can be found at https://www.taxadmin.org/state-tax-agencies . Sales tax is generally calculated on the total selling price of each item. Depending upon the state’s tax laws, the total selling price of the item may include shipping and handling charges.
Please note that amount of estimated tax appearing on an order may differ from the sales taxes ultimately charged at the time of credit card authorization.
A sales tax rate calculator can accessed from the link below. You should use the Use Tax rate when calculating the tax to include on your order payment.  If you are unsure if the product you are purchasing is taxable, please contact Customer Service.  Please note that we do not own or control information contained on this website and we are merely providing the link for your convenience.
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us by clicking here .
The Secret to 943% Gains
Our readers had the chance to rake in 943% thanks to our daily emails...Winning Investor & Sovereign Investor.
Join them today for FREE!
MEET OUR EXPERTS
Popular Posts
WHAT OUR READERS ARE SAYING..
I am up $20,070 in closed positions from Feb. 18 through March 7.
Bob Rowe
I started your system in December … I am ahead $29,000 … I put total faith in you and your system and it has worked for me very nicely. Thanks again I sure like your humble approach about this whole thing
Dale Leiffer
I have made a little over $4,000 while being cautious.
Free Newsletter Setup
Start getting exceptional results with exceptional insights...Sign up to receive our free e-letters, The Sovereign Investor Daily and Winning Investor Daily, delivered to your inbox daily.
Share This
×
