Have a cookie
TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to                             make our site easier for you to use.                             We do also share that information with third parties for                             advertising & analytics.
 
 
What is personal data?
 
What personal data do we collect?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Provide you with services and products that you request from us;- Communicate regularly with you to inform you about service updates, content, special offers and advertisements that may be of interest to you;
contact you if this is required to perform our services;
to inform you about changes in our services and our Platform;
Send you an invoice for our services and products;
Resolve consumer and/or product and services issues;
Anticipate and resolve problems with any goods or services supplied to you
improve your customer experience on our websites;
Do research and analysis to maintain, protect, develop and improve our networks and services;
Deliver customized content or advertising such as personalized offers for products and services that may be of interest to you;
Participate in our online communities, including our social media channel/pages and blogs;
Store your preferences for future interactions and communications from us;
Create external marketing & analytics reports;
Prevent illegal activities, suspected fraud and potential threats to our network;
 
 
Will we share your personal data with other parties?
 
 
To our affiliates or subsidiaries.
If we are legally entitled or required to do so (for example, if required to do so by legal proceedings or for the purposes of detection and prevention of fraud and other crime or as part of a security audit).
When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others.
If we sell a business or part of a business to another company than the transfer of ownership could include the transfer of your personal data directly related to that business to the purchasing company. We would require from the buyer to treat your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
 
 
Special information for parents
 
 
Newsletter
 
How do we protect the personal data?
 
 
Your privacy rights
 
Links to other websites
 
Changes of the Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement may be changed from time to time. If we make any substantial changes to this Privacy Statement and the way we use your personal data, we will provide appropriate notice to you. Please check our Privacy Statement frequently to stay informed about how we use your personal data.
 
 
How can you contact us?
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or your privacy, you can contact us at:
privacy@thenextweb.com
 
If you have any complaints about our Privacy Statement or the way TNW processes your personal data, you can submit a complaint with the Dutch Data Protection Authority. More information can be found on the website: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/
Stay tuned
Treat yourself
Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail.
Thank you!
Sign up
Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media.
1.76M followers
1M likes
Help us out
Who are you?
Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers.
↑ ↓ Navigate up/down
