Build Your Brand Get New Business Manage Clients Do It Yourself
Privacy Policy Please read carefully. last updated 28 October, 2015
 
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
Pixpa services automatically record information when you visit our website or use our products, including the URL, IP address, and the date and time of your request and cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.
 
WHAT DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
(your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
 
HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We use a third party service (Chargify) to take payments. Chargify uses secure servers and all supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
 
DO WE USE COOKIES?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
 
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
 
THIRD PARTY LINKS
 
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
 
CHILDRENS ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
 
ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY ONLY
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 
 
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on September 16, 2015
Connect with us:
Email us at support@pixpa.com
All-in-one platform with built-in client proofing, ecommerce and blogging tools.
© 2018 Idea Zinc Design Private Limited
Subscribe
Subscribe to get inspiration and tips to grow your creative business.
Submit
By signing up, you agree to Pixpa's Terms of Service
-d www
