This policy is your guide to how we handle information we learn about you from your visit to our website.
Donation Policy
FLORIDA REGISTRATION NUMBER: CH34837
A COPY OF THE OFFICIAL REGISTRATION AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE DIVISION OF CONSUMER SERVICES BY CALLING TOLL-FREE WITHIN THE STATE. REGISTRATION DOES NOT IMPLY ENDORSEMENT, APPROVAL, OR RECOMMENDATION BY THE STATE.
• 1-800-HELP-FLA (435-7352)
Donor Privacy Policy
Heart to Heart International does not sell, share, rent, exchange or otherwise disclose donor personal information to any outside party. Heart to Heart International also does not send donor mailings on behalf of other organizations.
Secure Donations and Payments
Touchnet
All credit card and personal profile information provided to Heart to Heart International online through its Internet software partner, Touchnet Information Systems, is transmitted with SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is the standard security technology that provides a secure, encrypted connection between internet browsers and websites, allowing all data passed to remain private. Credit card information is not retained by Heart to Heart International. Please visit www.touchnet.com to learn more.
MobileCause
All credit card and personal profile information provided to Heart to Heart International online through its Internet software partner, MobileCause, is transmitted with SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. SSL is the standard security technology that provides a secure, encrypted connection between internet browsers and websites, allowing all data passed to remain private. Credit card information is not retained by Heart to Heart International. Please visit www.mobilecause.com   to learn more.
Information Collected:
Information you provide
Online: By donating to Heart to Heart International or signing up for email updates, the information you volunteer includes your name, address and email.
Offline: When donating offline, you have the option to share your email address, physical address, and telephone number with Heart to Heart International. 
Information Heart to Heart International collects
Heart to Heart International uses standard Google website performance tools such as Google Analytics to assess the website’s performance and content. As with most internet sites, this involves the use of “cookies,” or simple text files stored by a visitor’s web browser, to track a user’s activity within our site. This information, which is not associated with a visitor’s personal identity, includes date and time of visit, browser/technology type, pages viewed, geographic region, and other marketing attributes.
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns….
 
 
 
Follow Us:
