FROM$99.99
Our imagination has developed a revolutionary concept that is truly versatile and functional.
FROM$79.99
CX Gold provides superior image quality by adapting a 16MP pro-grade CMOS sensor.
FROM$49.99
The user interface is designed from a user’s point of view.
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) was last modified on October 10, 2014.
By using the ACTIVEON, Inc website accessible at activeon.com (the “Site”), you agree to this Policy. We maintain the following standards to help protect information collected online that personally identifies you. We may modify this Policy at any time and, accordingly, we urge you to frequently review the Policy. Your continued use of the Site signifies your acceptance of the Policy as modified. We will always apply the Policy under which your information was collected, unless we obtain your prior consent. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE.
1. Information You Provide & Uses of Information
We may collect personally identifiable information through the Site. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you and may include, without limitation, your full name, e-mail address, phone number, home address, mobile phone number, credit card information, and shipping address. By using the Site and allowing us to access your Personal Information, you consent to our use of such information as described in this Policy. You may always refuse to provide your Personal Information, and this may lead to our inability to provide you with certain services. We may collect and use Personal information from you in the context of:
● Account registration and administration
● Processing your order for products or services
● Registration for your products
● Administering and improving the Site and related services
● Notifying you of events or about our products, services, promotional events or special offers that maybe of interest to you
● Providing Internet security
● Meeting legal requirements.
Please note that we will not sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties for their marketing purposes without first giving you a chance to opt-out. Personal Information may be shared with our employees and affiliated companies for the purposes set forth above. We may work with other businesses that may perform certain functions on our behalf, including, but not limited to, managing data, verifying information, processing payments or hosting the Site. These business partners will be bound by terms of confidentiality and have access to your Personal Information only to the extent necessary to perform their specific functions and may not use it for any other purpose. If ACTIVEON is involved in the sale of a substantial portion of its business assets, Personal Information or Automated Information may be among the transferred assets.
2. Automatically Collected Information
We or our business partners may also collect information that is collected automatically, such as your IP number (a number used to identify your computer on the Internet) or the type of browser you are using, through the use of cookies or by other means (“Automated Information”). We hope that, by using Automated Information, we can update the Site to make it more useful to you and other users. We reserve the right to maintain, update, disclose or otherwise use Automated Information and aggregate data (which does not personally identify you), without limitation.
a. Cookies
When you visit the Site, we or a third party service provider may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie” or similar file that can help us in many ways. Personal Information is not collected through the use of cookies. For example, cookies allow us to tailor the Site to better match your interests and preferences and to assist in filing out various forms on the Site. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site’s features.
b. Camera Diagnostic Information
When you connect your ACTIVEON camera to the Internet, we may automatically receive certain information about your camera and its usage, including, without limitation, files, settings, durations, error rates and other usage information. We collect and use this information solely in anonymous and aggregate form, unless you have provided your affirmative consent. This information may help us to improve our products and services.
3. Opt-out
We provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your Personal information used for certain purposes. For example, in the event you do not wish to receive promotional e-mail messages from us, please follow the opt-out process contained in any e-mail message you receive from us.
4. Updating or Removing Information
You may modify or remove certain Personal Information we maintain at any time by logging into your account and accessing features which allow you to edit such information. You may also contact us to correct or change any information by e-mail at [ [email protected] ]. We retain Personal Information for as long as the information is relevant to our business purposes or until you request that we remove the data by contacting us at [ [email protected] ]. Please provide a concise communication with complete information, including your contact information.
5. Third Party Links
The Site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties (“Third Party Sites”). We are not responsible for the collection or use of your Personal or Automated Information at any Third Party Sites. Therefore, the Company disclaims any liability for any third party’s use of your Personal or Anonymous Information obtained through using a Third Party Site.
6. Children’s Privacy
We encourage parents and guardians to be aware of and participate in their children’s online activities. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personal Information from any child under the age of 13.
7. E-mail Communications
We may send e-mail communications to you regarding notifications related to our Site, products or services, as well as promotional e-mail messages. If you send an e-mail to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You thereby consent to receive communications from us electronically; however, please note that e-mail communications are not necessarily secure and confidential. For instance, it is possible that information transmitted to us via e-mail may be read or obtained by other parties. In an attempt to protect your privacy, our e-mail responses do not include personal account information. We recommend that you do not include such information in e-mail communications directed to us. We may communicate with you by postal mail, e-mail or by posting notices on the Site. All agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
8. Public Areas
We may make some public chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups available to you on the Site. Please remember that these areas of the Site are public areas and may be viewed by other visitors to the Site. You should not post any Personal Information in these areas. Any information that is voluntarily disclosed by you in these areas is not proprietary or protected. Please see the section on User Submitted Content in our Terms of Use for additional information and restrictions regarding these submissions.
9. International Users
This Site is intended for use primarily in the United States and as a result, the information we collect may be stored in the United States. Your Personal Information may be transferred to, used, processed, or held by us in the United States and in other countries, including countries outside of your country of residence and used for the purposes set out in this Policy. Data protection laws in the United States may not be the same as those in other jurisdictions. If we transfer Personal Information outside of the United States, we will take steps to continue to protect your privacy.
10. Security
We have policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your Personal Information that we collect and maintain. All Personal Information is stored on secured servers in the United States, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled. We adhere to the Payment Security Industries Standard for storing card holder data and we use Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal financial information, including your credit card number or bank account information, before it travels over the Internet. Access to your Personal Information is restricted to those employees or business partners who need to know that information as part of their job, to service your account or to provide products and services to you. While we have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information, no security measures are completely impenetrable. Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution.
11. Your California Privacy Rights
Beginning January 1, 2005, California law permits individuals who are California residents to request once in any calendar year certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us by e-mail at [ [email protected] ].
12. Contact Info
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at: [ [email protected] ], PO Box 261807, San Diego, CA 92126
Customer Care
Contact Us
Our Products
Copyright © 2017 ACTIVEON All Rights Reserved. | Web Designed by Dog & Rooster, Inc.
CONTACT
Send
