Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us, so we will strive to keep Your information safe and secure. This privacy policy will explain the kind of information we collect about You and how we use, store and disclose the information we collect from or about You. By accessing and using the Website and our Mobile Applications, you agree to our Privacy Policy as outlined below.  Please note that all references to our Website, by default, also refer to our Mobile Applications.
Zenfolio reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. We will post any changes on zenfolio.com so please check regularly for the most recent version of our Privacy Policy. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of the Website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent with it.  This Privacy Policy is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations.
PRIVACY AND SECURITY
Information We Collect from You and How We Use It
After download, the Website solicits information from you.  You may access most tools and features logged in with Your credentials (user ID) and account password that you create. The Website collects and stores the following information: Your name, email address, and display preferences. When subscribing for paid Services or placing e-commerce orders on our Website we may also collect Your name, billing address, telephone number, billing and credit card information, shipping addresses, and payment preferences. If you sign up to receive marketing emails, we may contact you about our Services and promotions. Users who request payments to be made to them from products sold on Zenfolio may also need to provide their tax ID information for tax reporting purposes.
When you send us an email using the Contact Us feature, we will retain the content of the email, Your email address, and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have. We also use this information to measure how effectively we address Your concerns. We may also collect IP addresses for administration and demographic purposes and may use this information to help identify fraudulent transactions. We do not, however, link IP addresses to your computer's User ID. Additionally, we use third party analytic tools and reporting technologies to collect non-personal information such as operating system, browser software, Internet domain and host names, and activity on the Website.
Zenfolio uses the information submitted by or collected from You to optimize the Website or services to better suit You and enhance your time spent with us online, to process e-commerce orders or enable Photographers to process orders , to maintain the integrity of our network and address security issues, to investigate or take action regarding violations or suspected violations of law or our terms and to protect against potentially fraudulent transactions  and to improve our Services.
At times, we may promote our services via internet advertising.  If you click on such an advertisement on an external web site and navigate directly to our Website, non-identifying information such as Your phone’s device number or URL address may be sent to the advertising network, so that they and we may track the effectiveness (i.e., conversions) of our advertising.
In addition to conversion events, it might also be used for frequency capping, estimating the number of unique users, debugging, or security and fraud detection.
WHAT TYPES OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION ARE COLLECTED?
The types of information you provide to us voluntarily, both from your browser and from transactions with Zenfolio and our Partners include, but are not limited to:
Name, address and telephone numbers/li>
Date of birth
User ID and Login information
Billing preferences including Credit/debit card number(s), associated billing address and expiration date(s)
Personal information and preferences provided by Internet activity, survey responses and marketing efforts
We retain your name and may retain other personal information such as mailing address, email address or credit card number when appropriate. We may ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products, and contact preferences. We may combine this information with information about you which we gather from other sources. We may use the information to design offers customized to your interests.
If you have provided us with an email address, we may send you email messages related to your transactions with us.
How do I update Personal Information such as my address?
We ask that you keep your information as up-to-date as possible, so you may get the maximum benefit from zenfolio.com. Go to your Account to make your changes.
With whom does Zenfolio share my Personally Identifiable Information?
We do not sell your name or other personally identifiable information to third parties, and do not intend to do so in the future. We may engage Partners or third parties to process your information on our behalf, such as credit card processors, or to assist us in improving our services and/or products; however, we require that these third parties comply with Zenfolio’s Privacy Policy when processing your information. We may share with third parties anonymous, aggregated information about all our users.
We may disclose personally identifiable information to government authorities or to third parties pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process. We reserve the right to collect, use, process and disclose personally identifiable information to protect the rights or property of Zenfolio, our employees , our customers, our websites, or their users, for fraud detection or prevention, for the prevention, detection, apprehension or prosecution of criminal acts or when we believe in good faith that it is in the interest of security or that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable.
We Use Cookies to Collect Information
Like almost all e-commerce websites, we use "cookies." Cookies are bits of information that are stored on your computer by your web browser. Although our cookies don't store any of your personal information, they do allow us to provide you with a more personalized user experience, to track your use of the Website, to analyze Website activity and to allow you to login and begin use of the Website automatically when you visit.
Whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you haven't changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. You can also disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-ons settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of features and services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Cart, proceed to checkout, or use any services that require you to sign in.
The list below details the cookies used on Zenfolio. We have outlined who sets these cookies and their purpose.
Category
Party
Purpose
Functionality
Zenfolio.com
Zenfolio.com uses these cookies to enable some basic functionalities to provide a basic personalized experience while browsing, making creations and shopping on our website. Examples include remembering your login details, which products you have added to your cart, your language preferences. The information collected through these cookies is only used for this purpose and is never shared or sold to third parties.
Strictly necessary
Zenfolio.com
These cookies are essential as they enable you to move around a website and use its features, such as accessing checkout. The information collected through these cookies is only used for this purpose and is never shared or sold to third parties.
Analytical/Performance
Google Analytics
Google Analytics uses cookies to collect data that helps us understand how people are using the site and monitor any errors that users may be experiencing. We use this information to identify how and where we can improve the user experience. The data collected through these cookies is anonymous, these 3rd parties do not collect specific customer data and it is never shared with other third parties.
Analytical/Performance
Google Website Optimizer
Zenfolio.com works with 3rd party Google Website Optimizer to test and find the optimal content and experience for our users. The cookies used by Google Website Optimizer enable us to identify which experiences visitors to our site have seen and how the content has performed for the visitor, this will allow us to ensure that future experiences can be further improved. The data collected through these cookies is anonymous, Google Website Optimizer does not collect specific customer data and is never shared with other third parties.
Targeting
Various Third Party Service Providers
Zenfolio.com works with various 3rd party providers (such as Quantcast, Facebook, Google, Bing, etc.) to display banner advertising on other selected websites. These cookies also help us to monitor and improve the effectiveness of our banner advertising and to refine the targeting of these campaigns so that we are displaying the most relevant content for each individual. Zenfolio.com works with 3rd party agency Quantcast to display banner advertising on other selected websites. These cookies also help us to monitor and improve the effectiveness of our banner advertising and to refine the targeting of these campaigns so that we are displaying the most relevant content for each individual. The data collected through these cookies is anonymous, these 3rd parties do not collect specific customer data and it is never shared with other third parties.
Targeting
Various Third Party Service Providers
Cookies are used by 3rd party affiliates enabling Zenfolio.com to meet contractual obligations to make payments to them when they introduce a new customer to Zenfolio.com. The data collected through these cookies is anonymous, these 3rd parties do not collect specific customer data and it is never shared with other third parties.
How We Protect Your Information
Zenfolio uses standard industry security practices to protect Your personal information including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) transmission technology for all sensitive information exchanges. This technology encrypts information You send us to avoid it being intercepted before reaching our secure HTTPS servers.
We follow generally accepted industry standards, including physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to protect the personal information submitted to us from unauthorized access or disclosure, both during transmission and once we receive it. These safeguards are regularly reviewed to protect against unauthorized access, disclosure and improper use of your information, and to maintain the accuracy and integrity of that data.  However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We assume no liability for any disclosure of data due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access or other acts of third parties, or other acts or omissions.
When We Disclose Your Information to Third Parties
Under no circumstances do we rent, trade or share your e-mail address with any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. We may disclose the personal and non-personal information of our customers to any successor-in-interest of ours, such as a company that acquires our business. We may need to disclose your personal information when required by law or when we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process. We may share your mailing address with select third parties. Additionally, we contract with third party service providers who provide analytic tools and reporting technologies that may collect certain non-personal information via cookies, web beacons, or other types of tracking pixels.
Information You Disclose to Third Parties
Zenfolio assumes no responsibility for the disclosure of information of any subscriber or visitor to Photographers in the event an order is placed for fulfillment with Photographer. You specifically agree to hold Zenfolio harmless from any liability arising out of the use or misuse of any information submitted in the process of placing orders to be fulfilled by Photographers.
Zenfolio does not control the privacy policies of any third-party sites linked to our Website. Zenfolio assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties. It is Your responsibility to be informed of and be comfortable with the privacy policy of any third-party Website that You access. Zenfolio assumes no responsibility or liability for information that You voluntarily disclose in a public area or forum.
Sharing With Social Media
You may wish to share information and activities from this Website with social media platforms. To utilize social media sharing features, you will be prompted to grant permissions within those platforms, as you choose.   For Facebook updates, you will need to allow account login and publishing permissions.  This enables you to: post questions and content to a feed, upload photos/videos, add likes and comments, create notes and post to events and groups.  Activity and data shared from the Website to these platforms is covered by the internal privacy policy of each platform.
In order to ensure Your privacy, you must keep the secrecy of any password or personal information at all times. The ultimate responsibility for the protection of Your information rests with You.
HOW DOES ZENFOLIO COMPLY WITH THE CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA)?
Zenfolio does not knowingly collect or use personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In addition, once Zenfolio is notified that we are in possession of such information, we will delete any information in our databases that originates from a child under the age of thirteen, and we will unsubscribe the child from any promotional contact opportunities.
LINKS
This site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of those sites, and Zenfolio’s Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected from you by those sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each site that collects information from you. When you are leaving our site via a link to interact with a site that is not governed by our privacy policy, a new browser window will open. If your interaction with our site will require sending your information to a third-party site that is not governed by our privacy policy, we will clearly inform you before your information is sent.
Opting Out of Certain Communications
If you are no longer interested in receiving e-mail announcements and other marketing information from us, please e-mail your request to support@zenfolio.com. Please include your complete name, e-mail address and mailing address. Note that you may still receive transaction related communications from us.
Changing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access the personal information held about you. You can obtain a copy of your personal information and request changes or deletion of your personal information and/or account by emailing us at support@zenfolio.com. For your protection, you may be required to provide proof of your identity before obtaining a copy of your personal information.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post a new version on our Website, which will become effective when posted. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of the Website and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent with it.
