your username
your password
Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
gizmoxo’s privacy policy and disclaimer was last updated and posted on September 01, 2018. It governs the privacy and governing terms of our website, located at gizmoxo.com.
What Information do we store?
Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of gizmoxo.com. We, hereby state that we won’t sell, share or provide your email ID to any 3rd party services. All the information will be solely kept with gizmoxo and will only be used for sending weekly newsletters or promoting services.
Contests
We run contests on gizmoxo in partnership with sponsors. To participate in these contests, it requires signing up with email. These emails could be shared with the advertiser solely for their purpose of contacting you directly.
Cookies
A ‘Cookie’ is a ‘Non-Personal Information’ that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you
access our website with a web browser. It is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows gizmoxo.com to recognize you each time you visit or login to this site. gizmoxo does not use cookies to store visitor’s information. Third party services such as Google Adsense and Google Analytics store cookies to track visitors and for better ad management. For any concern with a third party, please contact them directly.
External Links
gizmoxo does provide links to other websites that are not under our direct control. Once you have left gizmoxo
and landed on another site, then it’s their privacy policy that comes into action. We won’t be able to control a user’s privacy on another site. We cannot also be held liable/accountable for any loss/damage occurring as a result of activity on another website.
Affiliates
gizmoxo uses Amazon associates program for promoting products from Amazon through affiliate links. Whenever a user buys a product from those links, we earn commission. However, we only recommend relevant products that have high ratings and positive reviews.
Privacy Policy Updates
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently. If we make material changes to this
policy, we may notify you on our Website, by a blog post, by email, or by any method we determine. The method we chose is at our sole discretion. We will also change the “Last Updated” date at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our privacy policy are effective as of this Last Updated date and replace any prior Privacy Policies.
Questions About Privacy Policy and Disclaimer
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this policy, please contact us.
ABOUT US
Gizmoxo is a new online media outlet that covers latest technology news, smartphone reviews and how-to-guides.
