× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Epicurious.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Epicurious.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.condenast.com/services/privacy/ . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
The Service is based in the United States. It is not designed, customized or intended for, or directed to, any other country. Those who choose to access, visit and/or use the Service do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. We make no representation, warranty or guarantee that the Service, or any merchandise, products, services, and/or Content available on or through the Service are appropriate, available, or legal in any particular geographic location.
In any dispute between us, your sole remedy is to stop using your account/profile and/or the Service, including without limitation cancelling any Fee-based services. This includes any dispute related to or arising out of: (i) rules, restrictions, limitations, terms and conditions that apply to the Service, whether listed in this User Agreement and Privacy Policy, posted at various points in the Service, or otherwise communicated to you, including our enforcement, non-enforcement, or application of any such rules; (ii) any of our policies and/or practices, including our enforcement, non-enforcement, or application of any such policies and/or practices; (iii) any Content available on or through the Service, or any edits, deletions, additions, or other changes thereto; (iv) your ability or inability to access, visit and/or use portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole, or features, functionality, and/or Content available on or through the Service; or (v) the amount, type, and/or basis for determining any Fees, any changes thereto, or additional Fees.
You agree that in the event of any dispute between us, you will first contact us and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution, including without limitation any court action. In the event of any court action, all disputes will be resolved individually, without resort to any class action, and you specifically waive your right to a trial by jury. Furthermore, you agree that any cause of action must commence within one (1) year after the underlying issue first arose; otherwise, you waive any right to bring such cause of action and such cause of action is permanently barred.
You agree that, regardless of where you access, visit and/or use the Service, all issues concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of the Agreement shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States and New York State, without regard to any principles of conflict of laws. Any disputes that result in court action will be resolved exclusively by a state or federal court located in Manhattan, New York, and you specifically consent to the personal jurisdiction of such courts and waive any claim of forum non-conveniens. Should there be a conflict between the laws of New York and any other laws, the conflict will be resolved in favor of the laws of New York. To the extent permitted by applicable law, all judgments or awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket damages (excluding attorneys’ fees) and shall not include any indirect, punitive, incidental and/or consequential damages.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of the Agreement, or portion thereof, to be invalid or unenforceable, that provision or portion will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of the Agreement will continue to be valid and enforceable in full force and effect.
This is version 3 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
