Ad Blocker Detected
You must disable your ad-blocking software for our web site in your browser to use this site.      You don't have to turn off the ad blocker entirely; just disable ad blocking for codestepbystep.com, then refresh this page to continue.
It is easy to disable a tool like AdBlock for just one site while leaving it enabled for other sites.      Just click the "stop sign" icon in the top-right of your browser, then un-check the "Enabled for this site" checkbox.      If your UI doesn't match the screenshot below, you may want to Google for how to add a "whitelisted domain" to your ad blocker to allow ads from codestepbystep.com to be shown.
Thank you for your understanding and helping us to keep this service free of cost for all students to use.
Note: If you are seeing this message but aren't running an ad blocker or have disabled your ad blocker:
Try clearing your browser history and refreshing the page.
Make sure you don't have any other ad-blocking software running outside of your browser, such as a HOSTS file or proxy.
If you are using a school computer network:       Many high schools have "proxy" software that blocks ads at the entire school level.       Your school's system administrator may need to add an exception for codestepbystep.com to allow these ads to get through.       You may need to copy/paste this information to your school's network administrator so that he/she can make appropriate changes to your network settings.
If you have questions or need any other assistance,      please Contact Us .
Loading...
Types of data collected: When you create a user account, the information you give to us (such as your name, email address, password, school, etc.) is stored on our server.   We make a log entry every time you log in.   We record every time you attempt to solve a problem.   This data is collected for all users and is tied back to your user account (i.e., not anonymous).   All data is stored into a database on our web server.
Some pages on our site also contain banner ads.   Ad agencies may collect their own data on what ads are shown to you.   Ads and ad agencies are not able to access your Practice-It account data such as your user name, real name, or password.
Our site uses Google Analytics, which tracks user behavior for later monitoring by the site author.   Google collects its own data about which pages you visit, the type of device and browser you are using, how long you spend on the site, language settings, etc.   Such data is stored on Google's own servers.   Google is not able to access your Practice-It account data such as your user name, real name, or password.
Why data is collected: We retain data on what problems you have solved so that you can track your progress and see what problems are left to complete.   We also store the data so that an instructor at your school can check what problems you have solved, possibly as part of a homework assignment in which you are asked to complete Practice-It problems for a grade.
Practice-It will not sell your user data to third parties, nor will we send you email without your consent.   Practice-It retains your email address essentially just as a means of authentication, of verifying that you are a real person and not a spam / bot / fake user.   We reserve the right to contact you by email if there is an important Practice-It-related piece of information that we feel is urgent for you to know,   but our general policy is that we never plan to send email to Practice-It users except to verify their accounts and reset lost passwords and other such features that require email confirmation.
Access to data: In general no other user can see your account information other than yourself.   Practice-It has a "leaderboard" page showing top users who have solved the most problems.   This page lists the usernames as well as how many problems these users have solved, but does not list real names, email addresses, passwords, or any personal information.   Instructors and TAs with authorized accounts are able to view details about which problems have been solved by students at their respective school.   Instructors and TAs are not able to view or change users' passwords, but they can see users' real names and email addresses for users at their school.   Practice-It administrators (including lead developer Marty Stepp and assistants) personally verify every user who requests Instructor or TA access to make sure that they are who they say they are.
Security: All pages of Practice-It require a valid user login except for a few specific exceptions, such as the front page, this privacy page, and the "about this site" page.   Passwords are encrypted in our database so that if there is ever an unauthorized access breach, plain-text passwords will not be visible to the attacker.   Practice-It takes some basic precautions to avoid some common security attacks, such as asking users to choose secure passwords of a given length and containing certain characters, and delays between multiple login attempts to thwart dictionary attacks.   Practice-It's developers perform security audits of its code to avoid bugs that can lead to unauthorized access.
Where data is processed: Practice-It is run on a server at the University of Washington in the USA.   It is subject to any relevant local laws of the United States.
Changes to the privacy policy: If Practice-It's privacy policy changes, the changes will be posted here on this page.   If the changes are significant, we will also make a more prominent posting of the changes, such as on the front page of the site, to inform them of the change.
Contacting us / questions about the privacy policy: Please Contact Us if you have any questions about our policies.
Last updated: 2015/08/23
