 
It is the policy of the Office of the Secretary of State that we will collect no personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Here is how we handle information about your visit to our website:
Information Collected
If you do nothing during your visits but browse throughout our website, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and Internet address of the computer you are using;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our website;
The date and time you access our website;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to our website from another website, the address to that website.
We use this information to help us make our website more useful to visitors, such as learning about the number of visitors to our website and the types of technology our visitors are using. We do not track or record personal information about individuals.
If you Send Us Personal Information
If you choose to provide us with personal information, as in an E-mail to the Secretary of State or someone else in the office, or by filling out an electronic form with your personal information and submitting it to us through our website, we use that information only for the purposes you have authorized. We treat E-mails the same way as we treat letters sent to the Secretary of State. While we may be required by law to maintain certain documents in accordance with Missouri's records retention policies, we do not collect personal information for any purpose other than to respond to you. We only share the information you give us with another government agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser - along with a web page - when you access a website. There are two kinds of cookies. A session cookie is a line of text that is stored temporarily in your computer's memory. Because a session cookie is never written to a drive, it is destroyed as soon as you close your browser. A persistent cookie is a more permanent line of text that is saved by your browser to a file on your hard drive.
The Office of the Secretary of State uses session cookies only. We do not use any persistent cookies.
Web Forms
We request information when you fill out web forms, and correspond with us. Forms that request information from you will clearly indicate information that is required - such as a name and mailing address - and any information that is optional. It will be apparent when you are on a part of our website that requires personal information, because we will ask for it.
Links to Other Websites
The Secretary of State's website provides link to state agencies and departments, and other external sites. The privacy policy described here does not apply to any external sites. Once you access another site through a link we provide, we recommend that you read the individual policy statements of each website.
Missouri Law
The Secretary of State protects its records in accordance with applicable laws, including but not limited to the Missouri Sunshine Law and any applicable U.S. Federal laws. Accordingly, all information provided on documents filed with this office may be subject to public disclosure. To avoid potential privacy violations, please provide only the information requested on the forms.
User ID and Password Security
The maintenance and security of any and all User IDs and Passwords issued for access to this website shall be the sole responsibility of the individual or entity accessing the website. Such individual or entity shall be responsible for access to and use of its User ID and Password by its employees, agents or others, whether or not such access and/or use were authorized. In no event shall the Office of the Secretary of State be liable for the use or misuse of any User ID and Password.
Viruses
To reduce the likelihood of damage from computer viruses, the Office of the Secretary of State uses virus protection software on its computer systems and regularly updates the software. Although unlikely, it is possible that data you request for download from our website may contract a virus and become corrupted before it reaches your computer. The Office of the Secretary of State is not responsible for files that may become corrupted as the data travels through the Internet.
Comments or Questions
 
