Privacy Policy
 1.  What Information We Collect: When you visit this Web site ("Site"), you may be providing us with aggregate information about your use of the Site as well as personal information.  Aggregate information does not identify you personally but allows us to understand how our Site is used by visitors.  We also collect personal information, but only if you decide to share it with us.  Personal information is any information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number. It includes information that you provide in connection with registering to use the site and information you provide to communicate your directory delivery preferences.  It also includes information about how you use the Site. 
2.  How We Collect Information:  We may collect information in basically two ways.  First, by monitoring the use of the Site through Web server logs and cookies, we may collect aggregate statistical information.  Cookies tell us nothing about you personally, but allow us to customize the Site to better meet your needs.  Cookies cannot pass on viruses, harm your computer or pass on private information such as an e-mail address without your intervention.  If you are uncomfortable about cookies, you should be able to disable your Web browser from accepting cookies or to alert you before accepting cookies.  Second, we may collect personal information that you decide to give us in connection with registering to use the Site or in using this Site to communicate your directory delivery preferences.
3.  How We Use Information:
Aggregate Information:  We use aggregate information to help us better understand what parts of the Site visitors find useful, to improve the experience of visitors to the Site, and to customize the Site to better meet your needs.  We may also provide this information to advertisers since it helps them understand how many users viewed their ads.
Personal Information:  We may use personal information you give us in order to ascertain your eligibility to use this site and to communicate your directory delivery preferences to yellow pages publishers.
We value your privacy and will not share your personal information that you provide us with any third parties, other than yellow pages publishers to whom your directory delivery preferences will be communicated, unless it is necessary to comply with legal or administrative requirements.  We will not sell your personal information to telemarketers, direct mail companies or mass e-mail companies.
4.  Links to Third Party Sites: We provide links to certain third party Web sites, including our members' or other yellow pages publishers’ sites, that we believe are useful to our visitors.  These sites may have their own privacy policies, and you should consult those policies.  Some of these sites may use cookies.  Again, if you are concerned about cookies, you may disable your Web browser from accepting them. We are not responsible for the content of, or the privacy policies of, third party Web sites.
5.  Access by Children: We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act.  Our Site is not intended for use by children, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13.  If a child under the age of 13 provides us with personal information (for example, by registering), we will delete that information upon request of a parent.
6.  Protection of Personal Information:  Where you provide us with personal information, we endeavor to protect that information from inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure to unauthorized third parties by using encryption, password protection, and other appropriate security tools.
7. California Privacy Rights. If you are a California resident, you may be entitled to request an Information Sharing Disclosure. If you request it, we will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so. To receive such a notice, submit a written request to the email address listed below, specifying that you seek your "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow thirty days for a response.
8. Changes to Our Policies: From time to time, we mayrevise this privacy policy.  The date of last revision will be available on this page. Please be sure to check back periodically. By visiting the Website, you are acknowledging and accepting this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site after changes have been posted to the privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes.
9.  Questions about our Policies:  If you have any questions, please feel free to e-mail us:  Helpmeoptout@localsearchassociation.org
Revised: February 2012
