We Value Your Feedback!
Thank you for visiting Farmers.com. Please help us improve your experience on our site by taking a short survey.
This survey is intended to get your feedback on this most recent visit.
This survey is conducted by an independent company, Qualtrics.
Yes, I'll Give Feedback
 
Information We Collect
We collect and maintain personal information to provide you with coverage, products or services and to service your account. 
We collect certain information ("nonpublic personal information") about you and the members of your household ("you") from the following sources:
Information you provide on applications or other forms, such as your social security number, assets, income, and property information;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others, such as your policy coverage, premiums, and payment history;
Information from your visits to farmers.com or other websites we operate, use of our mobile sites and application, use of our social media sites, and interaction with our online advertisements; and
Information we receive from a consumer reporting agency or insurance support organization, such as motor vehicle records, credit report information and claims history; and
 
How We Protect Your Information
 
Information We Disclose
We may disclose the nonpublic personal information we collect about you, as described above, to companies that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other financial institutions with which we have joint marketing agreements and to other third parties, all as permitted by law. Many employers, benefit plans or plan sponsors restrict the information that can be shared about their employees or members by companies that provide them with products or services. If you have a relationship with Farmers or one of its affiliates as a result of products or services provided through an employer, benefit plan or plan sponsor, we will follow the privacy restrictions of that organization.
We are permitted to disclose personal health information:
(1) to process your transaction with us, for instance, to determine eligibility for coverage, to process claims or to prevent fraud;
(2) with your written authorization, and
(3) otherwise as permitted by law.
Sharing Information with Affiliates
The Farmers Insurance Group ® of Companies includes affiliates that offer a variety of financial products and services in addition to insurance. Sharing information enables our affiliates to offer you a more complete range of products and services.
We may disclose nonpublic personal information, as described above in Information We Collect, to our affiliates, which include:
Financial service providers such as insurance companies and reciprocals, investment companies, underwriters and brokers/dealers.
Non-financial service providers, such as management companies, attorneys-in-fact and billing companies.
 
Your Choice
If you prefer that we not share consumer report information with our affiliates, except as otherwise permitted by law, you may request an Opt-Out Form by calling toll free, 1-800-327-6377, (please have all of your policy numbers available when requesting Opt-Out Forms). A form will be mailed to your attention. Please verify that all of your Farmers policy numbers are listed. If not, please add the policy numbers on the form and mail to the return address printed on the form. We will implement your request within a reasonable time after we receive the form.
If you decide not to opt-out or if you have previously submitted a request to opt-out on each of your policies, no further action is required.
Modifications to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our privacy practices in the future, which may include sharing nonpublic personal information about you with nonaffiliated third parties. Before we make any changes, we will provide you with a revised privacy notice and give you the opportunity to opt-out of that type of information sharing.
Website
Our website privacy notices contain additional information about website use. Please review those notices if you transmit personal information to Farmers over the Internet.
Recipients of this Notice
 
More Information about the Federal Laws?
 
Farmers Insurance Exchange, Fire Insurance Exchange, Truck Insurance Exchange, Mid-Century Insurance Company, Farmers Insurance Company, Inc. (A Kansas Corp.), Farmers Insurance Company of Arizona, Farmers Insurance Company of Idaho, Farmers Insurance Company of Oregon, Farmers Insurance Company of Washington, Farmers Insurance of Columbus, Inc., Farmers New Century Insurance Company, Farmers Group, Inc., Farmers Reinsurance Company, Farmers Services Insurance Agency, Farmers Services Corporation, Farmers Specialty Insurance Company, Farmers Texas County Mutual Insurance Company, Farmers Underwriters Association, Farmers Value Added, Inc., Farmers Financial Solutions, LLC (a member of FINRA and SIPC)*, FFS Holding, LLC, Farmers Services, LLC, ZFUS Services, LLC, Leschi Life Assurance Company, F.I.G. Holding Company, FIG Leasing Co., Inc., Fire Underwriters Association, Illinois Farmers Insurance Company, Mid-Century Insurance Company of Texas, Prematic Service Corporation (California), Prematic Service Corporation (Nevada), Texas Farmers Insurance Company, Farmers New World Life Insurance Company, Truck Underwriters Association, Civic Property and Casualty Company, Exact Property and Casualty Company, and Neighborhood Spirit Property and Casualty Company and Farmers Life Insurance Company of New York.
The above is a list of the affiliates on whose behalf this privacy notice is being provided. It is not a comprehensive list of all affiliates of the companies comprising the Farmers Insurance Group of Companies.
 
 
 
General Statement
 
Hyperlinks
We have agreements with third parties that allow you to go to their web site from our Web Site. If you go to these sites from our site, you may be asked to give non-public personal information for access to their services or products. You may become a part of that business' customer base and be subject to their policies regarding the handling of customer data.
 
Security
 
Logging
 
Cookies
A cookie is a message sent to your browser from a Web server that is stored on your computer's hard drive. The message is sent back to the Web server whenever the browser requests a page from that server. Many commercial Internet sites use cookies. While a code in the cookie file enables the site to label you as a particular user, it does not identify you by name or address unless you have provided the site with such information or set up preferences in your browser to do so automatically. You may opt out of accepting cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, rejecting cookies may prevent you from using certain functions and you may have to repeatedly enter information to take advantage of services or promotions. In general, cookies allow us to identify you as a particular user and thus provide you with a more customized service. We may also use cookies to track customer or user requests, inquiries and traffic patterns or to determine audience size and repeated usage. Farmers Insurance uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These files enable us to recognize a unique cookie on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. With both cookies and Spotlight technology to measure online advertising, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
We do not currently support Do Not Track signals but may in the future.
 
Right to Preserve and Disclose
 
Modifications
 
Legal Terms
 
Children and Minors
Farmers makes no active effort to collect personal information from children and does not wish to receive any such information.
Effective Date: December 20, 2013
Confidentiality of Information for Domestic Violence Victims and Endangered Individuals
New York Insurance Law provides that if any person covered by an insurance policy delivers to the insurer a valid order of protection against another policyholder or other person covered by the policy requesting that their information be kept confidential then the insurer is prohibited for the duration of that order from disclosing to that policyholder or other person the address and telephone number of the victim, or of any person or entity providing covered services to the victim. If a child is a covered person, then the right may be asserted by the child’s parent or guardian.
The request should be made by faxing a copy of the order of protection to 866-581-1410, attention Triage Team. If you are unable to fax a copy of the order, please email the request to serviceoperations@farmersinsurance.com or mail it to us at 15700 Long Vista Dr. Austin, TX 78728 – Attention: Triage Team.
Once a valid request has been received and implemented, a requestor may only revoke the prior request by submitting to us a written sworn statement revoking the request.
For additional assistance, please contact the New York State Domestic and Sexual Violence Hotline:
NYS Domestic and Sexual Violence Hotline: 1-800-942-6906
Spanish Language: 1-800-942-6908
TTY: 1-866-604-5350
return link1 Life insurance issued by Farmers New World Life Insurance Company, 3003 77th Ave SE, Mercer Island, WA 98040.
Products & features may not be available in all states & may vary by state. Restrictions, exclusions, limits, and conditions apply.
return link* Securities offered through Farmers Financial Solutions, LLC, (In NY: Farmers Financial Solutions and Insurance Agency), 30801 Agoura Rd. Bldg. 1 Agoura Hills, CA 91301. Member FINRA 
