Privacy policy
Capital Group considers the privacy of its investors to be of fundamental importance and has established a policy to maintain the confidentiality of the information you share with us.
Personal information we collect
We do not sell any information to any third parties. However, we may collect and retain certain nonpublic personal information about you, including:
information we receive from you or your financial intermediary, such as your name, address, date of birth and tax identification number;
information from third-party data services (for example, to update your address when you have moved and demographic information to better understand your investment and service needs);
information, such as account balance and transaction activity, about your investment transactions (including, to the extent necessary for our servicing your account(s) with us, your investments with third parties); and
information collected from you online, information provided by you and data gathered from your activity and location. (For example, we may use cookies and web beacons to collect device and browser information such as your IP address, so we know your online preferences and viewing behaviors and can recognize you and your devices.)
Personal information we may disclose
We occasionally disclose nonpublic personal information about you to affiliates and nonaffiliates as permitted by law. Some instances when we have shared information include:
disclosing information to a third party in order to process account transactions that you request or authorize;
sharing information with companies related to us, as permitted by law, to make you aware of new funds or other services that we offer;
disclosing your name and address to companies that mail account-related materials, such as shareholder reports (note that these companies may not use the information for any other purpose);
disclosing information to research companies or other service providers that help to assess and improve our financial services, and help us provide tailored experiences and advertisements about our products and services; and
disclosing information in connection with legal proceedings, such as responding to a subpoena.
When personally identifiable financial information is shared with third parties, they are not permitted to use the information for any purpose other than to assist our servicing of your account(s), including helping us improve the services we offer, or as permitted by law.
If you close your account(s) or if we lose contact with you, we will continue to share information in accordance with our current privacy policy and practices.
We restrict access to your nonpublic personal information to authorized persons. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information.
These measures reflect our commitment to maintaining the privacy of your confidential information. We appreciate the confidence you have shown by entrusting us with your assets.
To comply with federal regulations, information we receive from you will be used to verify your identity.
The internet: The American Funds and Capital Group affiliates’ websites are proprietary. While we strive to protect all information we receive when you log on to the websites, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us online, and you do so at your own risk. By entering the password-protected areas of our websites, you consent to our contacting you to discuss our products and services. We do not look for web browser “do not track” requests.
We may use data collected to customize advertisements to you on other sites as you browse the web. We may supplement the information we collect with nonpersonal information from other sources in order to enhance advertisements. We participate in the industry Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) . As part of this service, our website and any online advertisements from us are generally delivered with icons that help consumers understand how data about them is being used and provides choices for consumers who want more control and an ability to opt out such behavioral (targeted) advertising. Please click on the DAA icon or the icon in any targeted advertisements to opt out if you do not want your browsing behavior used for online behavioral advertising purposes.  In addition, we participate in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op, which helps us build experiences that seamlessly flow between all your devices (devices could include a desktop, laptop, tablet, phone or smart watch). The Device Co-op recognizes which of your devices are linked — used by the same person — through use of technology that includes cookies and your IP address (without collecting your personal information).
This privacy disclosure applies to investment and shareholder services offered by:
American Funds Distributors®, Inc.
American Funds Service Company®
Capital Guardian Trust Company℠
Capital International, Inc.℠
and the American Funds and Capital Group mutual funds with “American Funds” or “Capital” in their name, and includes the funds listed below:
AMCAP Fund®
American High-Income Trust®
American Mutual Fund®
Emerging Markets Growth Fund℠
Limited Term Tax-Exempt Bond Fund of America®
The New Economy Fund®
SMALLCAP World Fund®
The Tax-Exempt Fund of California®
U.S. Government Securities Fund®
Washington Mutual Investors Fund℠
This policy is effective June 1, 2018. If there are changes to the terms of our privacy policy, documents containing the policy and relevant information on this website will be updated.
For more information
For information about your account or our services, please contact your financial intermediary. American Funds investors may also review and correct any personal information by logging in to Your Portfolio and visiting the Profile & Settings page or by contacting us for assistance.
Capital Group Private Client Services (“CGPCS”) clients may direct any questions to (866) 421-2166 or go to thecapitalgroup.com/pcs .
All others should contact their financial intermediary.
Social media
 
Investments are not FDIC-insured, nor are they deposits of or guaranteed by a bank or any other entity, so they may lose value.
Investors should carefully consider investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. This and other important information is contained in the fund  prospectuses and summary prospectuses , which can be obtained from a financial professional and should be read carefully before investing. 
Content contained herein is not intended to serve as impartial investment or fiduciary advice. The content has been developed by Capital Group, which receives fees for managing, distributing and/or servicing its investments.
 
