Privacy Policy Law 2017-11-08T15:32:48+00:00
This Personal Data Protection & Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) governs the manner in which Loh Eben Ong LLP (“us”, “our” or “we”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from our clients (“Clients”, and each a “Client”) and/or users (“Users”, and each, a “User”) of the www.law.com.sg , www.deedpoll.sg , www.probate.sg , www.wills.sg and other Loh Eben Ong LLP’s websites; Mobile App known as SG Lawyers Mobile App for Apple iOS, Android and Amazon platforms, and LEO Online Appointment System (collectively, jointly and severally referred to as the “Site”). This Privacy Policy applies to the Site and all services offered by Loh Eben Ong LLP, a Singapore Law Firm and Singapore Lawyers.The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of how Loh Eben Ong LLP manages Personal Data which is subject to the Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act (No. 26 of 2012) (PDPA). Before you proceed to engage us for any services rendered by us, or use the Site or submit Personal Data to us or through the Site, please read this Privacy Policy so that you are aware and understand the purposes for which we collect, use and disclose your Personal Data. You must consent to this Privacy Policy before you can engage us or continue to use the Site.
This Privacy Policy supplements but does not supersede nor replace any other consents you may have previously provided to us in respect of your Personal Data, and your consents herein are additional to any rights which to Loh Eben Ong LLP may have at law to collect, use or disclose your Personal Data.
Personal Data
In this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” refers to any data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (a) from that data; or (b) from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access, including data in our records as may be updated from time to time. Personal Data may include but not limited to an individual’s name, NRIC, passport or other identitifcation number, telephone numbers, address, email address and any other information relating to individuals which you have provided to us, and documents or copies of documents relating to the Personal Data.
Personal Data Collection
In providing services to the Clients or Users, we will require to collect Personal Data strictly for the purposes of rendering our services to you.
We may collect Personal Data from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when the Clients visit our office, when Users visit our Site, register on the Site, place an order for our Online Legal Services, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.
Clients/Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, date of birth, identification numbers (eg. NRIC, Passport No., and other identification number), email address, gender, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, and/or to submit copies of documents (which contain Personal Data) such as (but not limited to) identification documents (identity card, passport), birth certificate, marriage certificate, and education certificates, including copies of the relevant documents. Copies of documents relating to Personal Data are requested for verification purposes, ensuring accuracy in data completion of relevant legal documents, and/or as required for the purposes of provision of legal services to the Clients/Users.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply Personal Data, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-Personal Data Information
We may collect non-Personal Data information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-Personal Data information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system, internet protocol address and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web/App Browser Cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How We Use Collected Information
Loh Eben Ong LLP may collect and use Clients/Users personal information for the following purposes:-
Provision of services to you
Your Personal Data is required by us to enable us to perform our services to you
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How We Protect Your Information
We endeavour to adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Personal Data of the Clients and Users held by us shall be kept confidential, but in the provision of our services to you, we may furnish information to the relevant third parties in Singapore or elsewhere who may have a need to know in relation to the services rendered by us.
For secure transmission, you may use the SSL Site at https://www.law.com.sg to transact in sensitive and private data exchange between the LAW.com.sg and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. However, do note that we do not warrant or represent that transmission of Personal Data is safe, secure and free from interruption through many sources, including but not limited to hacking, viruses, malware, human error and unauthorised interception of transmission.
Sharing Your Personal Data
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Outsourced Service Providers
We do use third parties’ service providers (eg. webhosting, appointment system) for the Site and various services to interact between the Clients/Users and us, and Personal Data may be transmitted through these third parties’ service providers’ medium. Outsourcing of selected services to third parties’ service providers by businesses is common. Despite our endeavour to select quality service providers, we are unable to control how these service providers manage the information received by them, and are not responsible for any mismanagement of information by these service providers.
Third Party Consents
Where you provide us with information relating to a third party, you confirm that you have informed and obtained consent, if necessary, of that third party to the processing of his or her information by us.
Third Party Websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Interrnet and Email Communications
In engaging Loh Eben Ong LLP and/or in using any of our Online Legal Services and features in the Site, it is inevitable that transmission of Personal Data and/or Non-Personal Data will be done through the internet, and in communicating with you, we will use email communication (including but not limited to automated responders or replies) with you. By using our services in the Site, you have impliedly and/or expressly consented to the use of internet (including emails) as a medium of communication, and you are fully aware of the inherent risks in internet and internet commuication. We wish to highlight some specific points on internet and internet communication:
Communications over the internet are not secure. You will have to guide us as to what (if anything) should not be sent over the internet to you or on your behalf, otherwise, we will assume that you have no objection thereto.
Emails sent over the internet do not always reach the intended recipient. We do not guarantee therefore that every email sent either by you or by us will reach the intended recipient.
It is now common practice for members and staff of law firms to carry personal mobile devices and lap top computers allowing them to access emails and other client confidential information when they are away from the office. There is a risk that these devices or lap top computers may get lost or stolen and client information may as a result be lost or seen by unauthorised people.
Encryption of emails involves the recipients in taking a number of steps to open any encrypted message. We have decided that these steps are cumbersome and not wanted by the majority of our clients. Our emails are therefore not encrypted.
Viruses or other harmful devices may be spread over the internet. Whilst we take reasonable precautions to prevent these problems by use of a fire wall and virus checking software, we do not guarantee that our email correspondence will be free from viruses. If we are to communicate by email, it is on the basis that you will also take reasonable precautions to prevent such viruses or other harmful devices.
There are instances where third parties wrongfully/illegally used our domain to send out spam or malicious emails to the recipients purportedly from our domain, and such forged emails do not originate from our mail server (if you check the source of such emails). We have no control over such forged emails as these are sent by third parties without our knowledge and control. If in doubt of the origin of an email, please contact us to verify.
We may monitor emails to investigate or detect unauthorised use of our email system, or for any other purpose permitted by law. As a result, we may collect Personal Data about the people sending and/or receiving the email or which is contained in the email. Any Personal Data collected will be held and processed in accordance with the laws of Singapore.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our Site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads in the Site may be served by Google. You may refer to Google Advertising Policies .
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Singapore, and the Client/User irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Singapore.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Loh Eben Ong LLP has the discretion to update this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage the Clients/Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the Personal Data we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of these Terms
By engaging us and/or using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site or engage us. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, please contact us at:
Loh Eben Ong LLP
Tel: +65 6338 1810
Tis Privacy Policy was last updated on 8 Nov 2017 (Singapore Time)
Previous Version Dates: 19 March 2015, 27 Jan 2015, 3 Jul 2014, 1 Jul 2014; 24 Jun 2014
Search for:
Changing your name
Do you know it is easy to change your name? You need a Deed Poll signed in the presence of a Singapore Lawyer. You can get a quote and submit online at LAW.com.sg
