Thanks! You've been added to our mailing list.
Fair Privacy Policy
Fair stands for the freedom of personal mobility to       all who want it. Every member of our team is dedicated       the cause. Fairness matters.
We understand your concerns about privacy. When you use the Fair mobile application ("App") and our websites, products or services (collectively, the "Services"), you trust us with your information.  We want to assure you that we respect your privacy and the confidential nature of the information that we gather during the course of our relationship with you.
This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what data we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with it.  Please take a few minutes to read this Privacy Policy carefully so you may understand how your personal information is used and the measures we take to protect your personal information.
How We Collect Information.
Personal Information. When you use the App, we collect personal information that you provide via forms, applications, surveys and other online fields.  This information may include your name, postal or email address, social security number, mobile telephone number(s), username and password.
Privacy Notices. If you obtain Services through us, we will use and share information we collect from or about you in accordance with our Privacy Notice, found here .             California residents: View the California opt-out notice here .             These documents offer some choices with respect to the use and sharing of your personal information.
Nonpersonal Information. You can download and use the App to obtain certain information without telling us who you are and without revealing any personally identifiable information. During these types of visits, we may collect, analyze, or share information on an anonymized basis, such as the time and length of your use, your internet service provider ("ISP"), your internet protocol ("IP") address, location-based data, the information you access, device or browser information, and the date and time of those requests. We use this information to generate statistics and measure App activity in order to improve the usefulness of the App and the customer experience.
We may use cookies, clear gifs, and other technologies to help us gather this type of statistical information that does not include personally identifiable information. Cookies are pieces of information that a website or mobile device application transfers to an individual's devices or drives to track application and user activity. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and session IDs, but you can disable cookies by making the appropriate selection from your browser options. Note that by doing so, the functionality we can provide may be limited.
We may also automatically gather and store information that does not identify individual users. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, ISP, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to improve the usability of our Services.
Why We Need Your Information.
We process and use this data in part to:
Process your request for Services, products or information and verify your identity;
Improve the quality of our Services and develop new ones;
Improve security by protecting against fraud and abuse;
Allow you to access Services and accounts, and to service your account;
Provide you with personalized offers;
Comply with applicable legal requirements; and
Conduct analytics and measurement to understand how our Services are used.
How We Share Your Information.
We may share information with our service providers, affiliates and other third parties for the reasons specified above and in accordance with the Privacy Notice. Where applicable, we limit sharing your personal information, and you may opt out of certain sharing as specified in the Privacy Notice and the California opt-out notice (if applicable).
We may share the personal information we collect from or about you with third parties, such as companies performing services on our behalf to provide the products or services you have requested. As permitted by law, we may also share information collected about you with companies with whom we have joint marketing agreements to offer you products and services. We may share information about you with our affiliates (i.e., other companies in the Fair family or dealerships you select) and with nonaffiliates for analysis, market research and marketing purposes as allowed by law. We may also disclose information about you as required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, respond to inquiries from government authorities or defend legal actions.
Finally, we may disclose your personal information as otherwise permitted or required by law. This may include companies that perform services on our behalf, including those who assist us in processing transactions, preparing and mailing statements, perform marketing services for us, or financial service providers. For example, we use third party service provider Plaid Technologies, Inc. ("Plaid") to authenticate and gather your data from your banks or financial institutions. Plaid enables our App to connect with your bank accounts. By using our Services, you authorize us and Plaid to act on your behalf to access and transmit your personal and financial information from your banks or financial institutions. You agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Plaid in accordance with Plaid's privacy policy found at: https://plaid.com/legal .
Security.
To protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information transmitted to us, we maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards that comply with applicable federal standards. We restrict access to the personal information obtained from our website to only those employees, agents and contractors who need it to do their jobs. If you choose to complete and submit a credit application to us, or to access your account through our App, your personally identifiable information will be transmitted via an encryption process. We also require our service providers with whom we contract to protect customer information, and to use the information they collect or receive for the purpose of providing the services they provide for us. Please note, however, that no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. It is your responsibility to keep your username and password confidential and safe. We will retain your information in accordance with our data retention policies including for the purposes of servicing your relationships with us, if any, and for internal analysis.
Third Party Links.
To protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information transmitted to us, we maintain appropriate administrative, technical and physical safeguards that comply with applicable federal standards. We restrict access to the personal information obtained from our website to only those employees, agents and contractors who need it to do their jobs. If you choose to complete and submit a credit application to us, or to access your account through our App, your personally identifiable information will be transmitted via an encryption process. We also require our service providers with whom we contract to protect customer information, and to use the information they collect or receive for the purpose of providing the services they provide for us. Please note, however, that no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. It is your responsibility to keep your username and password confidential and safe. We will retain your information in accordance with our data retention policies including for the purposes of servicing your relationships with us, if any, and for internal analysis.
Changes to this Policy.
As permitted by law, we may change, modify, or adjust our Privacy Policy as needed. A revised Privacy Policy only applies to data collected subsequent to its effective date. Any revisions will be posted in a timely manner.
Contact.
If you have any questions, please contact us at support@fair.com .
Curious? Sign up to learn more.
Thanks!
