Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is specific to this website at oxforddictionaries.com ("Website") and its subdomains and governs your use of this Website and its subdomains.
Oxford University Press ("OUP", "we", "us" or "our") is committed to protecting your privacy online. This privacy policy explains how we will do this. We will review this privacy policy in the light of comments we receive so please check the latest version. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us .
By using the Website, you are accepting the practices described in this statement.
What kind of information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you visit the Website, OUP may collect information and statistics that contain your identifying information. The information collected may include information relating to your behaviour and navigation on the Website. This information allows us to carry out internal research on our users’ interests, demographics and behaviour so that we can better understand, and in turn, provide better information, products and services to you and other customers.
If you register as a user of the Website or ask for further information about the Website, we ask for your name, email address, postal address, and other relevant personal information. Personal information submitted in this way is added to our access control database, hosted by a third party hosting company, and to our customer databases at OUP's and/or our affiliates' premises. This information will be updated if you inform us of any changes.
If you are a registered user, your personal information will be used to enable us to verify that you are a registered user and to deliver any restricted content and functionality on the Website to you.
If you sign up to receive newsletters, we will ask you for your email address and your name and this information will be added to our customer databases.
If you upload content to the Website, we may display your profile (that is, your name and country) on the Website.
We may use information in our customer databases to send you information about us, our affiliates, our products and services, and our affiliates' products and services that we think may be of interest to you electronically or otherwise.
We request personal information (such as your name, email address and other contact details) from you when you contact us with registered user account management queries, technical problems, to comment on the Website, or when you ask for information about how to use the products and/or services made available on the Website. Personal information submitted by you via the "contact us" page will not be added to our customer databases and we request it simply so that we can respond to you about your query. Statistics regarding the types of queries submitted to us via the "contact us" page may be collated by us in aggregate form so that we can effectively monitor the Website and improve levels of service.
If you have in the past asked for information or registered on the Website (and subsequently closed your user account) and do not wish us to store information about you, please contact us and we will remove your details from our customer databases. We need to store information about current registered users in order to grant you access to restricted content and functionality on the Website.
You may notify us that you object to being contacted or being contacted in a particular stated way. If you use more than one email address to communicate with us, please notify us of each email account you use.
When do we share information?
We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We share your information within OUP. We also share your information with our affiliates, licensors and suppliers, which assist us in making the Website available to you (e.g. our hosting supplier).
A number of third party websites have links on our Website. If you visit any of those websites, they may collect information. Such websites are not within our control and are not covered by this privacy policy. These websites may have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to such third party websites.
If we believe that your use of the Website is unlawful or damaging to others, we reserve the right to disclose the information we have obtained through the Website about you to third parties to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in our opinion to prevent, remedy or take action in relation to such conduct.
We may also disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; in order to enforce or apply any agreements or licences with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of OUP, our employees, affiliates, licensors, suppliers, and/or our customers. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
If any part of our business (including those of our affiliates) is sold or integrated with another business, your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers.
Use of cookies
OUP uses "cookies" and other technologies on the Website. The terms and conditions governing OUP's use of "cookies" and such other technologies on the Website are set out in OUP's Cookie Policy.  The Cookie Policy appears in English. Please contact us if you would like to receive it in another language.
By using the Website, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of our Cookie Policy.
Security
Some of your personal information is stored at a data centre managed by our third party hosting company. The data centre managed by our third party hosting company is specifically designed to be physically secure and to admit authorised personnel only, who are contractually bound to keep all of our data confidential.
Access to our customer databases is only given on a 'need to know basis'.
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us, our affiliates or for one of our suppliers. However, we have taken the steps outlined above to try to improve the security of your information. By using the Website, you consent to these transfers.
Updating Your Details
If any of the information that you have provided to OUP changes e.g. if you change your email address, please let us know the correct details by contacting us.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy. Any changes we may make to this privacy policy will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by email.
Language
This privacy policy is drafted in the English language. If this privacy policy is translated into any other language, the English language version shall prevail.
Governing Law
You agree that this privacy policy shall be exclusively governed in accordance with the laws of and the courts in England and Wales.
Legal Notice
This legal notice is specific to this website at oxforddictionaries.com ("Website") and its subdomains and governs your use of this Website and its subdomains. By using the Website, you are agreeing to the practices set out in this statement.
You may access certain parts of the Website without registering or providing Oxford University Press ("OUP", "we", "us" or "our") with your details.
As the information on the Website may be incomplete, out of date or inaccurate and may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors, OUP reserves the right to update the Website at our sole discretion. Thus, such information may be changed or updated without notice.
We reserve the right to make changes to this legal notice. Any changes we may make to this legal notice will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, we will also notify you by email. Certain provisions of this legal notice may be superseded by expressly designated legal notices or terms located on particular pages of the Website.
Usernames and Passwords
Where you have registered on the Website and have been provided with a username and password, you agree not to make available your username and/or password to anyone. If there has been a disclosure of your username and/or password, you agree to notify us promptly of such disclosure so that OUP can take appropriate security measures and provide you with a new username and password.
Use of Website content
You are permitted to:
electronically save portions of Website content;
and/or print out single copies of portions of Website content
In each case, subject to any specific restrictions which appear on particular pages of the Website. You may not remove or alter the copyright notices or other means of identification or disclaimers as they appear on the Website; and/or  systematically make printed or electronic copies of multiple extracts of restricted content for any purpose except as permitted by law or as authorised by OUP.
If you sign up to receive newsletters or subscribe to our web feed you may only use the material sent to you for non-commercial use. You may not:
remove or alter the copyright notices or other means of identification or disclaimers as they appear in the material sent to you;
systematically make printed or electronic copies of multiple extracts of the material for any purpose except as permitted by law or as authorised by OUP;
display or distribute any part of the material on any electronic network, including without limitation the Internet and the World Wide Web;
permit anyone to access or use the material; and/or
use all or any part of the material for any commercial use.
Intellectual Property Rights
We and/or our licensors are the owners of all intellectual property rights in the Website, and the Website and the materials on the Website are protected by intellectual property laws around the world including copyright and trade mark laws. Subject to the terms of this legal notice and any other licence agreements between you and OUP, all such rights are reserved and no materials may otherwise be copied, modified, published, broadcast or otherwise distributed without our prior written permission. Oxford University Press, OUP, Oxford and/or any other names of products or services provided by Oxford University Press and referred to on the Website are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Oxford University Press.
Notwithstanding the foregoing and where applicable, copyright in each illustration that appears on the Website is owned by the rights holder(s) named in ‘Picture Details’ window for that illustration. All rights are reserved. No illustration from the Website may be copied, modified, published or broadcast or otherwise distributed.
Links
Links to other websites are provided by OUP in good faith and for information only. OUP disclaims any responsibility for the materials contained in any website linked to the Website.
In addition, a link to a non-OUP website does not mean that OUP endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such website or the products and/or services offered on such website. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, trojans and other items of a destructive nature.
Service Access
While we endeavour to ensure that the Website is normally available 24 hours a day, we shall not be liable if for any reason the Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Access to the Website may be suspended temporarily and without notice in the case of system failure, maintenance or repair or for reasons beyond our control.
User-generated content
Portions of our Website may allow users to upload their own content. Content uploaded by users does not necessarily reflect the views of OUP. By uploading content on our Website, you agree to abide by our Guidelines. You warrant that any such content complies with those Guidelines and that you have all necessary rights in and to such materials and that such materials will not infringe any personal or proprietary rights of any third parties, that such material is not technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data).
OUP reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to review, edit or delete any content  posted by users that OUP deems does not comply with the Guidelines (link) and/or is defamatory, unlawful, threatening, obscene or otherwise objectionable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, OUP expressly disclaims any responsibility or liability for any content uploaded by you or any other user of the Website. We also have the rights to disclose your identity to law enforcement authorities or to any third party who claims that any content posted or uploaded by you to our Website constitute a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.
OUP’s right to use user-generated content
Any content you upload to our Website will be considered non-confidential. In consideration of OUP allowing you to use this Website in accordance with this Legal Notice (see Use of Website content above), you grant OUP a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, exclusive licence to use, edit, analyse, publish, display, communicate to the public and exploit such content (or any part of it) in all languages in any form or medium whatsoever whether or not now in existence (and to sub-license all such rights). You waive any moral rights in any content you upload to our Website (including but not limited to the right to be identified as the author). We may credit you but you agree that we are not obliged to do so.
Moderation
We reserve the right to monitor all postings to the Website for anything which contravenes this legal notice and/or the Guidelines; as a result, some posts may be sent for moderation before publishing and, consequently, there may be a delay in the posting appearing on the Website.
Suspension and Termination
We will determine, in our discretion, whether there has been a breach of this legal notice or the Guidelines [link] through your use of the Website. When a breach of this legal notice or the Guidelines has occurred, we may take such action as we deem appropriate including but not limited to blocking without warning or discussion any user who does not adhere to this legal notice or Guidelines, and remove all previous posts and contributions.
Failure to comply with this legal notice and/or the Guidelines may result in immediate temporary or permanent withdrawal of your access to and/or right to use the Website.
Global Nature of Websites
You recognise the global nature of the Website and thus, agree to comply with all applicable local laws in your jurisdiction when using the Website.
Information we publish on the Website may contain references or cross-references to our services and/or products offered that are not announced or available in your country. Such references do not imply that we intend to announce such services and/or products in your country.
Language
This legal notice is drafted in the English language. If this legal notice is translated into any other language, the English language version shall prevail.
Governing Law
You agree that this legal notice shall be exclusively governed in accordance with the laws of and the courts in England and Wales. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this legal notice will preclude OUP from applying to any court to bring an action for the infringement of its intellectual property rights.
Note on proprietary status
Oxforddictionaries.com   and its subdomains may include some words which have or are asserted to have proprietary status as trade marks or otherwise. Their inclusion does not imply that they have acquired for legal purposes a non-proprietary or general significance nor any other judgement concerning their legal status. In cases where the editorial staff have some evidence that a word has proprietary status this is indicated in the entry for that word but no judgement concerning the legal status of such words is made or implied thereby.
Oxford Living Dictionaries
