Subscribe
Putnam Daily Voice serves Brewster,            Carmel-Kent,            Cold Spring,            Mahopac,            Patterson & Putnam Valley
See nearby towns
Search
Menu
Subscribe
Get the news you need to know on the go.
Settings
Settings
Done
Nearby Towns
Introduction
Daily Voice takes your right to privacy seriously, and we want you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by Daily Voice, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of Daily Voice, or that are not under Daily Voice's control. Please take time to read this site's Terms of use .
Collection of data
Certain visitors to this website interact in ways that require Daily Voice to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Daily Voice gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, registration for an account on this site requires a valid e-mail address. Please be aware that the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites, Daily Voice may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site is set forth below.
Use of data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site, to allow us to better respond to your customer service inquiries, to administer contests, promotions, surveys or other site features, or to send you periodic emails or other communications. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless (i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy; (ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data; (iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement; (v) it is found that your use of this site violates Daily Voice's policy, Terms of use, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by Daily Voice to protect Daily Voice's legal rights and/or property; or (vi) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy. In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites. Note that aggregated and non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Cookies
Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience -- to remember your personal settings, for instance. Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site's cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site. If you disable cookies in your browser, some features of the site experience may not function properly.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at Daily Voice's discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google
We use Google Analytics and Google advertising products on our website. Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en .
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of cookies enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of Google cookies by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
(a) Remarketing with Google AdSense
(b) Google Display Network Impression Reporting
(c) Demographics and Interests Reporting
(d) DoubleClick Platform Integration
Daily Voice, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to this website.
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Minors
Daily Voice might not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site. For more information, please contact the site administrator.
Editing or deleting your account information
You are provided with the ability to edit the information stored for your user account information during registration, by visiting your user account control panel. You can request that your user account be deleted; to do so, please contact the site administrator. Content or other data that you may have provided, and that is not stored within your user account, such as articles published, may continue to remain on the site at Daily Voice's discretion, even after your user account is deleted. Please see the site's Terms of use for more information.
Changes to this privacy policy
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time, and in Daily Voice’s sole discretion. Daily Voice encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Last edited February 6, 2018
NO GUARANTEES
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, Daily Voice is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond Daily Voice's control that may result in disclosure of data. Consequently, Daily Voice offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact the site administrator:
Cantata Media LLC
PO Box 464
Norwalk, CT 06856
Get the news you need   to know on the go.
I'll do it later
Serves Brewster,            Carmel-Kent,            Cold Spring,            Mahopac,            Patterson & Putnam Valley
Hi! You've read our articles so we know you like our reporting.           To keep reading please join our mailing list.
I'll do it later
Get News In Your Inbox Daily
Subscribe
