Close the menu
Get The Magazine
Subscribe to the all-new Rolling Stone! Everything you need to know from the authority on music, entertainment, politics and pop culture.
Order today and save over 66%!
Sign up for our newsletter and go inside the world of music, culture and entertainment.
Sign Up
Apple Unveils iPhone SE, CEO Tim Cook Addresses Privacy Policy
New products go small versus big
By
Althea Legaspi's Most Recent Stories
Seems smaller is better again.  Apple  unveiled its iPhone SE today in Cupertino, and the tech giant is going small versus big. The smaller iPhone will incorporate some of the newer technology found in recently released iPhones. Apple also announced a new iPad and a lower cost for Apple Watch during an event held at their Cupertino headquarters on Monday.
As CBS News  reports, the iPhone SE will have a 4-inch screen, but it is touted to be as fast and powerful as the iPhone 6S. “It’s the most powerful 4-inch phone ever created,” Apple CEO Tim Cook said.
It will also feature a 12 megapixel camera and enhanced security features. The device price starts at $399 for the 16 GB and it’s $499 for the 64 GB model. The phone will have an A9 chip, which will give double the performance of the iPhone 5S and will be equal to the 6S, as USA Today  reports. The SE’s battery power will exceed the 5S, too. Apple will begin taking orders on Thursday, and it will be available in stores on March 31st.
The new iPad is a smaller version of the iPod Pro and will also be available for preorder on Thursday and in stores on March 31st. It will have a 9.7-inch touchscreen and will cost $599 for the 32 GB model, $749 for the 128 GB version and $899 for the new 256 GB model. The company will also cut prices for previous iPads, with the iPad Air starting at $399 and the iPad Mini will cost $269.
In Apple Watch news, the company said that beginning Monday the lowest-cost model price will now be $299. The company will also offer new bands for the smartwatch, including leather and sport bands in a variety of colors.
During the event, Cook also addressed the company’s policy on privacy. “We believe that we have a responsibility to help you protect your data and protect your privacy,” he said. “We owe it to our customers and we owe it to our country. This is an issue that affects all of us and we will not shrink from our responsibility.”
Powered by
Have a Tip?
We want to hear from you! Send us a tip using our anonymous form.
Powered by WordPress.com VIP
