HILCO Electric Cooperative, Inc. Privacy Policy
HILCO Electric Cooperative, Inc. is committed to protecting your privacy. That is because we base our business on the trust you place in us. This policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected through our Web site. In this policy, “personal and account information” means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus other information that personally identifies you, and “we” and “us” means HILCO Electric Cooperative, Inc. as well as its affiliated companies.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy from time to time. You should visit our Web site periodically to review any changes.
How much information must I share?
The amount and type of information we collect from you depends on your activities and use of our Web site. Below, we explain what information we collect.
When you browse our Web site:
Referral Web site. If you come to our Web site via a link, we collect the location of the link that referred you.
Browser type. We collect information about the browser you are using to help optimize our Web site for visitors.
Movements through our Web site. We keep track of pages you visit to help provide you with a more personalized shopping experience.
When you make purchases through our Web site
We collect your name, address and payment information to process your payment. However, you may provide credit card numbers by telephone.
When you communicate with us through our Web site
We collect your e-mail address and the other information that you provide in order to respond to your communication.
Is my personal or account information used for any other purpose?
We may use your personal and account information to provide products or services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact you, and as otherwise described in this policy.
In addition, in order to measure how we are doing and to better understand how we can improve our product offerings, we or one of our service providers or strategic partners may contact you by telephone or e-mail and solicit your participation in research.
Will my personal and account information be provided to any other party?
We restrict access to your personal and account information to those who need access to use it as set forth in this policy. We may disclose your personal and account information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, as required by law, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Your personal and account information may also be disclosed in connection with a sale of some or all of our business or a merger with another company.
How can I give you feedback or contact you?
Simply click here . Please note that messages become our property and, unless you direct otherwise, may be used by us for promotional purposes.
How can I correct inaccurate information?
To correct information, please contact our customer service representatives at 1-800-338-6425
