Member Security at BECU
Your account security is important to us. It's important you know what we're doing to ensure your accounts are protected, and how you can protect yourself. For additional information, visit our Security Resources page.
What BECU Is Doing to Protect You
Our websites are secured using digital certificates and industry-standard encryption and time-sensitive session cookies in order to obtain personal information for member transactions. We only support browsers that can provide industry-accepted encryption protocols.
These protections ensure that you are actually dealing with BECU, and not an imposter site impersonating us. Your connection to our websites uses Transport Layer Security (TLS) to protect the contents of the message from eavesdropping and interception. 
What You Can Do to Protect Yourself
Our security measures are only a part of what it takes to make sure you're protected, because no security is perfect. It's your responsibility to use up-to-date software, and to enable security features such as anti-virus, anti-malware, and only connect from trusted networks. Your computer's browser communicates with our computer, systems and websites.
Frequently Update Your Browser
You will need to update your web browser periodically to ensure that your interactions with our website are safe and secure—and to ensure an optimal experience. We recommend using the most up-to-date version of your web browser.
Setup Your Security Preferences in Online Banking
You can set your account security preferences any time in online banking. We use these security options to verify your identity.
Your Multi-Factor Authentication Security Options
You can select three security questions and provide answers that are easy for you to remember, but that only you know the answer.
You can set up convenient text verification with your mobile device. If we ever need you to provide additional verification, you have the option to have a text with a one-time code sent to your mobile device. You will then be prompted to enter that code into Online Banking.
You can update these security options at any time—simply log into online banking and go to Manage Security Options under your profile.
Create a Stronger Password
We may have prompted you to create a stronger password. If you have not done so, we encourage you to help protect your account security by setting a more secure password that meets the following requirements:
8-32 characters long
Either a special character or number
Does not contain your user name, real name, or company name
Does not contain a complete word
Is significantly different from previous passwords
Additional Password Recommendations
Use the longest password you're comfortable using, password length adds significant security with every additional character. We recommend a minimum of 16 characters. 
Combine letters (upper and lower), numbers, special characters to create your password, trying to avoid dictionary words and predictable patterns 
As always, use unique passwords across Internet services, especially financial services.
Monitoring
It's a good idea to regularly monitor debit and credit transactions. You can sign up for transaction alerts for all of your banking accounts and credit cards. Setting up alerts in online banking is quick and easy – just click on the Alerts tab and choose your options.
BECU's Money Manager is a great tool for managing all accounts – including those from other financial institutions – in one place. Spending is automatically categorized and tracked from uploaded accounts, providing a holistic view of where, when and how you spend your money.
It's also important to know what's on your credit report.  Find the link to order your annual credit report in the General Good Safety Practices section below.
Credit Reporting Agency Contact Information
Equifax
General Good Safety Practices
Review your credit report annually, at no cost, and without impact to your credit score. Order your annual credit report .
Monitor your active accounts with your existing financial institutions for fraudulent activity, such as new loans.
Educate yourself about current threats to consumers. The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) provides helpful information. Visit the FTC website . 
Practice good online habits by learning good password hygiene, how to verify websites, and how to ensure secure connections while using websites. Check out our How Not to Get Hacked article to learn more.
Stay aware! Scammers often use breaking news stories, such as massive data breaches or natural disasters, as opportunities to scam individuals. Verify phone calls, do not give out personal or financial information and watch out for phishing emails.
We've provided more resources for protecting yourself from ID theft and financial scams in the Other Security Resources section below.
Reporting Incidents
New to BECU?
It's easy to join online in a few steps and apply for your new loan at the same time.
Already a member?
You can open new accounts and apply for credit cards and loans within Online Banking.  Click the button below to log in.
New to BECU?
It's easy to join online in a few steps and apply for your new account at the same time.
Already a member?
You can open new accounts and apply for credit cards and loans within Online Banking.  Click the button below to log in.
New to BECU or Not yet a Business Member?
Sign up for BECU Business membership and add your account at the same time, just print, fill out, and bring the form below to any BECU location.
Already a BECU Business Member?
To add your new account, just print, fill out, and bring the form below to any BECU location.
You Are Leaving BECU's Website
Please note: We provide links to other websites for your convenience. Please note that linked sites may have a privacy and security policy different from our own, and we cannot attest to the accuracy of information. If you wish to leave BECU's Website, select Continue. If not, select No Thanks.
*Products and services advertised on these sites are offered by independent businesses that are solely responsible for the delivery and quality of those products and services. BECU does not guarantee nor expressly endorse any particular product or service.
Equal Housing Opportunity Lender
