What This Privacy Policy Covers
This Privacy Policy covers how Magnus Health, LLC (“Magnus”) treats personal information that Magnus collects and receives in connection with your use  of   www.magnushealth.com ,   www.magnus911.com , and any other web site operated by Magnus (collectively, the “Site”), and all related technologies, software, and services provided by Magnus. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, like your name, address, email address, phone number, or health records, and that is not publicly available.
This Privacy Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of information we collect through both the public-facing marketing web site operated by Magnus (the “Public Site”) and the web sites and services provided only to users of its subscription service (the “Service”).  It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. As noted below, certain parts of the Privacy Policy apply only to the Public Site, and certain parts apply only to the Service.
The use of information collected through our Service, such as student demographic, health, and collected form information, shall be limited to the purpose of providing the Service for which the Customer (defined below) has engaged Magnus, including supporting the Customer and answering questions and resolving issues regarding student(s). This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Magnus does not own or control, or to people that Magnus does not employ or manage.
Magnus provides its subscription Service to customers who are educational institutions (“Customers”).  The Service is designed to assist schools in managing health care matters relating to its students.  This Privacy Policy is between Magnus and you, and does not impact or change any of the privacy policies, terms, and/or agreements between a school and its students and parents.  We encourage you to review your school’s privacy policies, terms and agreements to see how your personal information may be used or disclosed by your school.
Magnus collects information under the direction of its Clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you are a customer of one of our Clients and would no longer like to be contacted by one of our Clients that use our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly. We may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients.
Magnus has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to the Magnus’s Client (the data controller). If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
We will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Clients for as long as needed to provide services to our Client. Magnus will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
 
Student Privacy Pledge
 
Information Collection and Use
Magnus collects personal information when you register with the Service and when you use the Service. The use of information collected through our Service is limited to the purpose of providing the Service for which Magnus has been engaged.
Visitors to our Public Site may provide us with name, email and other contact information if they request additional information regarding our Service.
Magnus receives certain student information from Customers in connection with the implementation and provision of the Service.  For example, Customers provide basic student information, manually or through integration with student information systems, in connection with the Service when they are setting up the Service for their use.
Parents also provide health care and other personal information (such as immunization history, allergies, etc.) regarding students for use by Customers in connection with the Service.
You may be able to log into our Service using single sign-on providers or single sign-on features of other products.  These services will authenticate your identity and may share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address.
Magnus automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Magnus cookie information, and the page you request. Magnus uses information to fulfill support requests, improve its Service, and determine which technologies to support.
Magnus may provide you with information from third party providers in order to educate you on health and wellness opportunities. Examples of this type of information include, but are not limited to immunization information and information about particular medications.
Magnus may aggregate your information with information from other users and share aggregated information with interested third parties.
 
Tracking Technologies
We and our partners, analytics, or online customer support provider, use cookies or other similar technologies at  www.magnushealth.com . These technologies are used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the site, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by other companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
 
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
Magnus does not participate in behavioral advertising through its subscription Service and on related web sites (such as the Magnus web site used by Customers to enter information about their students), and will not display ads on its Service. If our third-party partner(s) are providing advertising on our Public Site and you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking  here . Magnus cannot control all advertising you see while browsing our Public Site as this can be dependent on your individual browser and/or computer settings.
Your mobile device’s application store may ask for, access or track any location based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Mobile Apps or Services.
Your mobile device’s application store may share your geo-location data with third parties for the purpose of them serving you ads for places (such as restaurants) in your area. If you do not wish to allow us to share your information in this manner please opt-out at the device level.
Geolocation:
You may opt-out of location based services at any time by editing the setting at the device level.
 
Log Files
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files based upon usage of our Public Site. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click-stream data.
We use this information, to analyze trends, to administer the Public Site, to track users’ movements around the Public Site and to gather demographic information about our user-base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information. This information is primarily used to support our users.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Magnus will share your personal information with Customers and other third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. Magnus does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide the Service, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Information held in the Service is used by Customers (schools) to manage compliance with legal requirements relating to student immunizations, health records and other matters; manage their health departments; and communicate with faculty, staff, and parents.
We provide the information to emergency personnel and other healthcare professionals as described in our Service under applicable HIPAA rules and confidentiality requirements. These professionals may use your personal information to perform medical services as authorized, and to communicate with you.
In certain situations, Magnus may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
Magnus may share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Magnus terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.
In the event that Magnus is acquired by or merged with another company, Magnus may share information regarding our Customers and users with that company so that the acquiring company can continue to provide the Service and related support. Magnus will notify you before information about you is transferred that becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
We may deliver educational information or product information from companies that provide relevant information, products or services for our Customers. These companies do not receive your personal information.
We may provide information about you or your school to companies that assist us in providing Services, such as a hosting provider or a customer service provider. These companies are authorized to use your information only as necessary to provide these Services and to assist with supporting our clients.
 
Integrations
 
Choice
You may contact your school (our Customer) if you have any questions regarding information collected through the Service.
 
Access and Changes to Your Data
Upon request Magnus will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by contacting us.  We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Some of your information may be accessed and modified through the Service. For example, parents can review, edit, and delete information relating to their child’s basic medical information in the Service.  Magnus acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. Magnus has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. For other information, an individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct his or her query to the Magnus Customer, who is the data controller. If requested to remove the data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
 
Children
 
Security
The security of your personal information and our Customers’ information is important to us. We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide our Service or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with HIPAA and federal regulations to protect personal information about you. When you enter sensitive information, such as login credentials or health information on our forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, however no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security of our Service, please contact us at  helpdesk@magnushealth.com .
 
Additional Information
Our site includes links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Magnus. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any web site you visit.
If you wish to subscribe to our blog, we will use your name and email address to send the blog to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our blog or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails.
Our Public Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, please contact us. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us at:
Magnus Health
323 West Martin Street
