Yale University is committed to protecting your privacy.
 
Data Protection Statement
This Data Protection Statement (“Statement”) describes how Yale University Press (“YUP”) collects and uses the personal information you provide to us and the choices you have regarding our use of your information and how you can access and update this information. Please read the following policy carefully along with the Yale University general Privacy Policy .
YUP is committed to protecting and respecting the security, integrity and privacy of personal data collected or processed from our customers and users in the operation of our services. By submitting your information to YUP you consent to the practices described in this statement. If you are less than 18 years old, then you must obtain the consent of your parent or legal guardian prior to submitting any personal information.
How do we collect information?
YUP may collect personal information from you in the following ways:
(1) directly from your verbal or written input (such as by consenting to receiving marketing emails);
(2) automatically through YUP’s website technologies including online tracking, such as by cookies, or other technologies including algorithms for analyzing data such as records of purchases, online behavioral data, or location data.
Information you provide
The types of personal information that YUP collects directly from you may include contact details, such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number; and information about your interests and communication preferences. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research or marketing purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Cross Border Transfers?
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers and may be transferred to, stored at, processed or backed up to a destination outside the country where you live.
By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing of your information. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with all applicable data protection laws.
Security
We will use reasonable and appropriate safeguards to protect your data. Access to your personal data will be restricted to those who need to know that information in order to perform their job function.
Use of your information data?
We may use your personal information in the performance of any contract we enter into with you, to comply with legal obligations, or where we have a legitimate interest in using your information to improve the services and products we provide. Legitimate purposes may include but are not limited to the following: providing direct marketing and assessing the effectiveness of promotions and advertising; modifying, improving or personalizing our services, products and communications; preventing or detecting fraud; investigating suspicious activity or abuses of our website) and otherwise keeping our site safe and secure; and conducting data analytics.
In addition, we may use information held about you in the following ways (with your consent, if required): provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you; send you periodic YUP catalogues, seasonal updates and book news; allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; notify you about changes to our website, products or services; fulfil your requests – such as competition entries, participation in campaigns and provision of information; record any contact YUP has with you; communicate with you for any other purpose that we may notify you of from time to time.
How long will your data be stored for?
Personal information will not be kept longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected.
If you have opted-in or signed-up to any of our web services, information newsletters or marketing newsletters, we will retain your data until you unsubscribe.
If you are a subscriber, we will retain your data in line with our Data Retention Policy after your last subscription has expired.
Changes to this Data Protection Statement
We reserve the right to update or modify this Statement at any time without notice. Any changes we may make will be posted on our website and will be effective upon posting. By using this site, you agree to be bound by those changes. We encourage you to review this page regularly to keep up to date with our data and privacy practices.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Statement or privacy at Yale University Press are welcomed and should be addressed to dataprotectionatYUP@yale.edu .
Search form
Connect With Yale University Press
Yale University Press E-Newsletter
Get news, articles, specials, and more delivered to your inbox.
About the Press
Founded in 1908 by George Parmly Day, and his wife, Wilhelmina, Yale University Press is one of the oldest and largest American University Presses.
 
