Privacy Policy
Website Privacy
As a part of the University of Texas at Austin, we comply with the campus's Web Privacy Policy, available here . The university's servers do log the domain that hits come from (utexas.edu, netcom.com, etc.), but the Press receives no information other than that — we cannot identify an individual user from the information that we receive. If you e-mail us, we use your address only to reply to you about your question or order. We may forward your message if it was directed to the Press by mistake or if you are trying to contact an author who has e-mail themselves; otherwise, we do not provide e-mail addresses to third parties.
Postal Address Privacy
Occasionally we make our customer snail mail lists available to organizations whose products or services we think may be of interest to our customers. If you do not want your name to be given out, please let us know. We do not give customer phone numbers to third parties except where required by law.
Journals Privacy Policy
Collection and Use of Personal Information
The University of Texas Press Journals will strive to ensure that only personal data essential or relevant to this site’s operation will be collected. By providing your personal information to us, you implicitly agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Unless we advise otherwise, your information will only be used for the purposes for which it was provided or to contact you. We will limit the information we collect to what we need for those purposes.
Disclosure of Personal Information
The University of Texas Press will not knowingly disclose any personal information that identifies Users of our site to third parties unless
the data is required or authorized by law or for legal proceedings, or
we have received your consent, or
the information is public record information specified by regulation and the disclosure is directly related to the purposes for which it was recorded on the public record
We may transfer your personal information to service providers who are performing services on our behalf. These service providers will be obligated to treat your personal information in accordance with the requirements of this Privacy Policy.
Consent
Certain products or services offered by University of Texas Press Journals through this website may require a user to provide personally identifiable data such as name or password. When you provide us with your personal information, you agree that you are providing us your implied consent to collect and use your personal information to fulfill the requested orders, service, or information. The user has the option of withholding any such information thereby forfeiting use of the product or service.
Information Security
We have implemented Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption for transmission of credit card numbers and passwords to help keep your information secure, accurate, current, and complete. For security reasons, please do not email your credit card information.
Links to Third Party Sites
Links may be made available from this website to third party websites. The privacy policies of these third party sites vary and the University of Texas Press Journals will not be held responsible for the uses of personal information collected by others including these third parties. The user should also be aware that any personal information that the user voluntarily discloses to other users could be collected and distributed by others. The University of Texas Press Journals takes no responsibility for this collection and dissemination.
Privacy Policy Changes
University of Texas Press Journals will periodically review this Privacy Policy and reserves the right to modify, alter, or update this policy without prior notice.  By visiting and using the University of Texas Press Journals website, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Last update: April 2015.
Comments or questions concerning this Privacy Policy can be addressed to:
University of Texas Press
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
Copyright © 2013–2018 University of Texas Press. All rights reserved.
The University of Texas Press is a member of the Association of University Presses . 
