or
Your request to send this item has been completed.
Harvard (18th ed.)
MLA (7th ed.)
Turabian (6th ed.)
Export a citation
The E-mail Address(es) field is required. Please enter recipient e-mail address(es).
The E-mail Address(es) you entered is(are) not in a valid format. Please re-enter recipient e-mail address(es).
You may send this item to up to five recipients.
Enter recipient e-mail address(es):
The name field is required. Please enter your name.
Enter your name:
Subject:
The E-mail message field is required. Please enter the message.
E-mail Message:
Add a review
 
 
You already recently rated this item.
Your rating has been recorded
Edition/Format:
Summary:
The first book to evaluate public-private partnerships in a broad range of policy areas.
Rating:
Add library to Favorites
Please choose whether or not you want other users to be able to see on your profile that this library is a favorite of yours.
Allow this favorite library to be seen by others
Keep this favorite library private
Details
Contents:
Mapping the terrain of the public-private policy partnership / Stephen H. Linder and Pauline Vaillancourt Rosenau --
Coming to terms with the public-private partnership: a grammar of multiple meanings / Stephen H. Linder --
Public-private technology partnerships: promises and pitfalls / Joseph E. Stiglitz and Scott J. Wallsten --
The good lessons of bad experience: rethinking the future of commercial nuclear power / Walter A. Rosenbaum --
Transportation: policy-level partnerships and project based partnerships / James A. Dunn, Jr. --
An organizational analysis of the public-private partnership in the provision of public infrastructure / Ronald J. Daniels and Michael J. Trebilcock --
Forming partnerships in environmental policy: the business of emissions trading in clean air management / Sheldon Kamieniecki, David Shafie, and Julie Silvers --
The public-private nexus in education / Harry M. Levin --
Myths and misunderstandings : health policy, the devolution revolution, and the push for privatization / Michael S. Sparer --
From welfare state to Opportunity, Inc.: public-private partnerships in welfare reform / Mark Carl Rom --
Policy partnering between the public and the not-for-profit private sectors: a key policy lever or a dire warning of difficulty ahead? / Nicholas P. Lovrich, Jr. --
Public-private partnerships in the U.S. prison system / Anne Larason Schneider --
The strengths and weaknesses of public-private policy partnerships / Pauline Vaillancourt Rosenau.
Responsibility:
Reviews
 
User-contributed reviews
Add a review and share your thoughts with other readers. Be the first.
Add a review and share your thoughts with other readers. Be the first.
Tags
Confirm this request
You may have already requested this item. Please select Ok if you would like to proceed with this request anyway.
Linked Data
    schema:description "Mapping the terrain of the public-private policy partnership / Stephen H. Linder and Pauline Vaillancourt Rosenau -- Coming to terms with the public-private partnership: a grammar of multiple meanings / Stephen H. Linder -- Public-private technology partnerships: promises and pitfalls / Joseph E. Stiglitz and Scott J. Wallsten -- The good lessons of bad experience: rethinking the future of commercial nuclear power / Walter A. Rosenbaum -- Transportation: policy-level partnerships and project based partnerships / James A. Dunn, Jr. -- An organizational analysis of the public-private partnership in the provision of public infrastructure / Ronald J. Daniels and Michael J. Trebilcock -- Forming partnerships in environmental policy: the business of emissions trading in clean air management / Sheldon Kamieniecki, David Shafie, and Julie Silvers -- The public-private nexus in education / Harry M. Levin -- Myths and misunderstandings : health policy, the devolution revolution, and the push for privatization / Michael S. Sparer -- From welfare state to Opportunity, Inc.: public-private partnerships in welfare reform / Mark Carl Rom -- Policy partnering between the public and the not-for-profit private sectors: a key policy lever or a dire warning of difficulty ahead? / Nicholas P. Lovrich, Jr. -- Public-private partnerships in the U.S. prison system / Anne Larason Schneider -- The strengths and weaknesses of public-private policy partnerships / Pauline Vaillancourt Rosenau."@ en ;
    .
21274
book_printbook
Languages:
You:
Follow WorldCat:
Please sign in to WorldCat 
User Name:
