Domestic shipping typically takes 5-7 days.
We offer free worldwide shipping on orders over $100 USD. All free shipping options ship first class and do not qualify for the tracking feature. Although you may receive a tracking number, the feature is disabled with this shipping option.
International delivery varies by destination, but can takes anywhere from 2-3 weeks depending on the shipping option. First class international shipping typically takes 2-3 weeks, and priority mail typically takes 1-2 weeks. The priority mail option includes an extra fee and comes with the tracking feature and a sooner delivery date.
For any other questions please email info@reasonclothing.com.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order or subscribe to our newsletter.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.reasonclothing.com
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
http://www.reasonclothing.com
USA
Newsletter
Sign Up To Enjoy Exclusive Access To Sales And New Product Releases.
