Updated: May 29, 2018
Thanks for using Reason Core Security. Here we describe how Reason Software Company Inc. collects, uses and handles your information when you use the Reason Core Security website available at: www.reasoncoresecurity.com (the “Website”) and Reason Core Security software (the “Software, and collectively, “Reason Core Security”).
Your use of Reason Core Security is indicating that such updated terms and conditions are accepted and agreed by you.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the following terms and conditions (“TOS”), based on the product you are using:
Reason Core Security - https://www.reasoncoresecurity.com/terms.aspx.
If you wish not to accept these terms and conditions or any update thereto, your only recourse is not to download or use the relevant Software and uninstall. As we may make available certain content, software or services of third parties, it is clarified that such content, software and services are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Any use or download of the Software by you, is indicating that you consent to our use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What kind of information we use and collect?
When using and accessing our Website, we may use and collect information of technical nature, including your IP address, activity log of your use of the Website, user agent, information about your browser and operating system, and if you chose to upload a file or URL for scanning, we will also collect such files and URLs. In addition, when purchasing the Complete Protection Version of the Software, your email address and name, as provided by you, will be collected and will be used by us only for payments and sending you messages about the Reason Core Security, if applicable.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you:
We act as a controller and process personal data as necessary for the performance of our contract with you. Accordingly, we will process your personal data as necessary to operate our website, to reply to your queries.
We also process for marketing purposes on the basis of our legitimate interest.
Legal necessity - We may process your information for compliance with applicable legal obligations.
Data subject rights - Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. In order to submit a request for accessing and/or deleting your information, please send an email with your request to the following address: [email protected] Please note that we will process your request subject to verification of your identity.
Complaint to supervisory authority - You also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority (e.g. of your country or domicile) where we have not addressed your concerns.
Cookies.Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to provide, improve, protect and promote Reason Core Security and the Website. For example, cookies help us with things like understanding how you are interacting with our Website, and improving them based on that information. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use the Website.
Unless you disable the Software, it may access and/or collect certain data as specified below: (i) time and date of certain events related to the Software (such as launching and scanning, updating and uninstalling the Software), and the features of the Software you use the most. In addition, we may collect, use and access the files and URLs you upload for scanning, the files and URLs it detects as threats and the files that were removed by the Software. (ii) certain information of technical nature, such as, your IP Address, operating system, browser type and version, and all software installed on your computer, meta data on unknown files, and extensions and add-ons. Further, if you chose to purchase the Complete Protection Version of the Software, we will combine your information with all the foregoing information.
If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you:
We act as a controller and process personal data as necessary for the performance of our contract with you. Accordingly, we will process your personal data as necessary to operate our Software, and to reply to your queries.
Legal necessity - We may process your information for compliance with applicable legal obligations.
Data subject rights - Please note that you have the right to request from us access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data we process as controllers, or to restrict or to object to processing of your personal data in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR. In order to submit a request for accessing and/or deleting your information, please follow the below instructions: Please go to the setting, and under “General” choose to open a ticket for accessing/deleting your personal data. Or send us a request through https://www.reasoncoresecurity.com/support_request.aspx. Please note that we will process your request subject to verification of your identity.
We will store information collected from you as long as you are using our Software. Once you delete our Software, please send an erasure request in accordance with the above procedure.
How we share information?
If we have a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably required to: (i) comply with any law, regulation or legal requirement by any court or regulatory or governmental authority, or such other disclosures reasonable required to establish, protect, maintain or exercise our legal rights; or (ii) enforce this Privacy Policy or any agreement between you and us. In the event of an event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be transferred or sold.
Third Parties. We may engage certain third parties in connection with maintenance, analysis, audit, payment and development services. We may provide such third parties with your information. The third parties we are currently engaging are:; (i) Google Analytics to analysis and monitor our performance. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/; (ii) PayPal Payflow to process your payment if you choose to purchase our services. PayPal’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full; (iii) Amazon Web Services, Inc. servers to process your information. You can read about the measures taken by Amazon to protect the security of their servers and your information at: http://awsmedia.s3.amazonaws.com/pdf/AWS_Security_Whitepaper.pdf; (iv) Kayako to provide you with support services. Kayako’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.kayako.com/company/privacy/; (v) Avangate to provide payments if you choose to purchase the complete paid version. Avangate's privacy policy is avilable at: https://shop.reasoncoresecurity.com/order/privacy.php.
Our corporate affiliates - from which we receive services, such as IT, security, storage, and other internal operations
If you are located in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, the following provisions apply to you: we will transfer your information to the United States based on the Standard Contractual Clauses. If you wish to receive a copy of these clauses, please contact us through the below contact details.
Information about children
This site is not intended for, or designed to attract, children. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is an individual under the age of 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at [email protected]
About or advertising policies
We utilize third party vendors such as Google to provide advertising on our site. These vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits. Google's use of cookies enables them and their partners to serve ads to users based on their visit to our web site and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting the ads preference manager. You may also visit aboutads.info to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising.
How can we modify this Privacy Policy?
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. Accordingly, please visit this Privacy Policy regularly to check for any changes.
How can you contact us?
If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and/or our practices, please send an e-mail to [email protected]
Products
