Planet Fitness Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting Planet Fitness. This Privacy Policy explains the manner in which we may collect, use and disclose personal information which you provide to us while using the Planet Fitness website (the “Site”) or certain services of our Planet Fitness clubs (the “Services”). By visiting this Site or otherwise providing us with your personal information by using our Services, you agree to be bound by the terms of this policy.
 
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect personal information that you provide to us or that is otherwise provided to us on your behalf. You may choose to provide certain personal information in order to access or use certain features or services of the Site or the Services, such as making a purchase, joining one of our clubs, paying your membership fees, requesting information, filling out an employment or franchise application, entering a sweepstakes, logging into certain exercise equipment consoles using your member keytag, or otherwise contacting us. Such information may include your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card or banking information, membership and account information, workout information, machine usage and input information, or other information. You can always choose not to provide information, but it may limit your ability to use a particular service or feature on the Site or the Services.
By providing your personal information to us, you are authorizing us to collect, use and disclose such information in the manner outlined in this policy. Unless we advise otherwise, your information will only be used for the purposes for which it was provided or in order to contact you regarding related matters. We limit the information we collect to what we feel is necessary for those purposes.
We may periodically send you newsletters, e-mails or similar communications featuring sales and promotions, news about new Planet Fitness products and services, requests for your feedback, or other information we think may be of interest to you, in accordance with local law. You may stop receiving marketing communications from us at any time by following the instructions included in the message you received. However, if you unsubscribe from our marketing communications, you will not automatically become unsubscribed from the marketing communications of the franchise owner of the Planet Fitness club you joined or to which your e-mail address has been provided as set forth in this policy. Planet Fitness franchises are independently owned and operated businesses and we do not control their use of your e-mail address. Accordingly, if you are a member at a Planet Fitness franchise club, please contact your home club directly to learn how to unsubscribe from such communications. We may use workout and machine usage data collected through our Services to provide you with tailored products or service offerings, to conduct member usage and market analysis, and to compile aggregated data sets for use in our marketing and business objectives.
Planet Fitness also collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. The information we receive depends upon your browser’s settings. This information typically includes your computer’s IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site, the name of the operating system installed on your computer, the name and version of the browser you are using and the date and time of your visit. We use this information primarily to create statistics that help us improve our Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. We may link this information with your personal information as we deem necessary for our business purposes. If criminal activity is suspected, we might need to share certain information with the appropriate investigative authorities. Such information may contain visitors’ IP addresses and other information which could be used to trace and identify individuals.
 
Disclosure of Personal Information
Planet Fitness will not disclose, trade, rent, sell or otherwise transfer personally identifiable information for purposes other than as those set out herein, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law. However, Planet Fitness may freely disclose, sell, or transfer collected information that does not contain any personally identifiable information, such as aggregated workout data or club visitation trend data or analysis derived therefrom, for any legitimate business or marketing purpose.
Planet Fitness may disclose your personal information to third party service providers or agents who provide services to or on behalf of Planet Fitness or its members such as, but not limited to, hosting, data management and storage services, sweepstakes providers, Black Card benefits providers and retention services. Either Planet Fitness or such third party service provider may use servers for such purposes located in the United States or another foreign country. Your personal information may be processed and stored in the United States or such other foreign country and the governments, courts, law enforcement and regulatory agencies of that country may be able to demand disclosure of personal information pursuant to the laws of such country.
We do not generally disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent unless required by applicable law. However, there are some situations in which we may disclose your personal information without your consent including, but not limited to:
with current and future parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliated entities of Planet Fitness;
with Planet Fitness franchisees, if you are a Planet Fitness member, visitor or guest at a Planet Fitness franchisee club location;
with our third party service providers, as we deem necessary in connection with the services being provided to us or on our behalf;
in connection with a merger, sale, corporate reorganization or similar business transaction involving Planet Fitness, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates or one or more of its franchisees;
when we are required or authorized by law to do so (for example, in response to a subpoena issued by a court); or
if the information is already on the public record and the disclosure is directly related to the purposes for which it was recorded on the public record.
 
Access to your Personal Information
 
Security
 
Franchisees and Other Third Parties
 
International Visitors. 
 
Use of this Site by Minors
If you are a resident of the European Union or provide personal information through this website while located in the European Union, we offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we collect from you on this Site.    
Users in the European Union may have the choice:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we cease processing your data;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to request that your data be transferred to you or a third party.
We may use your data for marketing purposes or disclose your information to any third party for such purposes with your consent, that you may provide by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You may object to receiving further marketing at any time without detriment. We will inform you prior to collecting or using your personal information for any purpose not set forth in this Privacy Policy or previously consented to.
 
Use of this Site by Minors
 
Terms of Use
 
Privacy Policy Updates
 
Notice to California Residents
California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits residents of California to request from Planet Fitness a notice disclosing: (1) the categories of personal information we have shared with third parties, if any, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, during the preceding calendar year, and (2) the names and addresses of those third parties. To make such a request, please contact us at:
Planet Fitness Headquarters
Privacy Officer Contact Information
 
