Enter your Zip Code to See Pricing
Go
Go
Selecting a store will allow you to view local pricing.
Submit
Submit
×
Enter your Zip Code to See Pricing
Go
Go
Selecting a store will allow you to view local pricing.
Go!
Submit
Submit
You're in! Keep an eye out for great deals headed your way!
Rent-A-Center, Inc. Privacy Policy Information
Rent-A-Center, Inc. (the "Company") is committed to the responsible handling of customer information. Because we gather certain types of information about online users, we want to help you understand our policies regarding the collection and use of that information. We updated our online privacy policy effective September 15, 2016. If you have any questions regarding the updated policy, please use the information provided below to contact our Customer Service Department. Below you will find answers to several questions regarding the Company's online privacy policy.
1. What information does the Company collect about you on this Web site and what does it do with the information?
Information You Provide Us
The Company collects personally-identifiable information that you provide on one of our many online forms. These forms include a rental order, sweepstakes registration, online specials or contact requests, and online surveys. The personally-identifiable information ("personal information" or "your information") collected on this Web site can include some or all of the following - your name, address, phone number, email address, birthday, social security number, income, employment information, references, and information regarding your lease or mortgage and product interests.
Information We Collect From Your Browser
In addition to the personal information identified above that you provide us, the Company automatically collects and records data from our servers and from your browser when you visit this Web site, including your IP address, the time, and information about the page you requested and the Web site through which you were linked to our site, if any.
Also, your Internet browser has a feature called "cookies," which stores small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to our site. Cookies tell us nothing about who you are, however, unless you specifically give us personal information. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit rentacenter.com; however, some features of the site may not be available or work correctly without them. You may also elect not to allow cookies to be collected by selecting certain options on your browser.
In addition to cookies, we may use various other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, pixel tags, flash cookies, etc., in a variety of ways, including the following:
keeping count of return visits to our site;
accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on Web site usage;
recording whether an email we sent was opened;
tracking your navigation through our Web site; and
determining which features users like best.
We may also attempt to identify your geographic location (“geolocation”) in order to present you with relevant pricing in your area and the location of nearby Rent-A-Center stores, as well as to better understand our customer base.  You may decline our Web site permission to geolocate your computer by setting certain options in your browser or by not entering your zip code to select a local store.  Please note that if you enter into a lease obligation with us online we require that you provide address information in order for us to process your transaction.
Do Not Track
At this time, we do not respond to "Do Not Track" signals your browser may send to our website, but we do provide you the option to opt-out of interest-based advertising.To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website and the Digital Advertising Alliance website . Options you select are browser- and device-specific.
Other Website Analytics Services
We may use third-party analytics such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, among others, which provide services that analyze information regarding visits to our Web site. They use cookies, web beacons and other tracking mechanisms to collect this information.
To learn more about Adobe Analytics privacy practices, click here .  To opt-out of data aggregation and analysis of your visit to our Web site, click here .
To learn more about Google’s privacy practices, click here . To access and use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, click here .
To opt-out of having your browser navigation and click history tracked through our Web site, click here .
What Do We Do With The Information We Collect?
We use your personal information gathered on this Web site for a variety of purposes, including targeting specific customers for special offers. The data we collect is used to facilitate the processing of rental orders, process online payments, and to give us demographic information about our audience. We use this data to understand that audience and to improve our offerings to you, our customer. In addition, the personal information you provide allows us to inform you of additional special offers that may be forthcoming, send you coupons, or notify you of products and services of our affiliates that relate directly to your specific interests, hobbies or other information you have given.
2. With whom does the Company share the information?
The Company may share the personal information gathered on this Web site in limited circumstances. For example, the Company may release the information to third parties providing services on the Company's behalf, such as advertising and marketing the Company's products and services, processing online payment transactions, or to reputable third-party affiliates to provide you with valuable information or special offers. The Company may disclose the information to third parties in connection with a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or when otherwise required by law. The Company may report to law-enforcement authorities conduct it believes may be unlawful, and may release to such authorities personal information relating to such suspected unlawful conduct. The Company may release some or all personal information if necessary to protect the Company's rights or property or to protect the safety of the Company's employees or others. Personal information may also be released to third parties in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, or similar event.
Rent-A-Center, Inc. is the parent company of Rent-A-Center East, Inc., Rent-A-Center West, Inc., and Rent-A-Center Texas, L.P., RAC Acceptance East, LLC, RAC Acceptance West, LLC, and RAC Acceptance Texas, LLC.  Accordingly, all information gathered about you by the Company may be shared with any of the Company's current or future subsidiaries or affiliates.
Your information will not be disclosed by the Company except as discussed in this Privacy Policy.
3. How do I correct or update my personal information?
You can correct or update information previously submitted to the Company by visiting your local Rent-A-Center store and providing Rent-A-Center with the updated information. In addition, you can choose not to receive further electronic communications from us. To do this, simply follow the URL provided at the end of each electronic communication you receive on our behalf and request the deactivation of your information from the Company's database.
4. How does the Company protect the security of my personal information?
The Company will use appropriate security measures to protect your information in a secure, controlled environment. The Company has made substantial investments in server, database, backup, and firewall technologies to protect the security and integrity of your information. In the event that a security breach does occur and your information is acquired by an unauthorized person, we will take appropriate steps to contain the breach and to notify you of the unauthorized acquisition.
5. Does the Company's Web site link to other websites?
Yes. This Web site provides links to other Web sites that are not owned or operated by the Company. Such Web sites are not subject to the Company's Privacy Policy. Accordingly, you should consult the privacy policies of those Web sites, if any, prior to entering any personal information on those Web sites.
6. What is the effective date of the Company's Privacy Policy and how will the Company notify me of changes to its Privacy Policy?
This Privacy Policy is effective September 15, 2016. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this Web site.
7. How does the Company handle children's privacy online?
The Company's Web site is intended for a general audience. The Company does not knowingly collect personal information about children or enter into rental-purchase transactions with children. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, the Company does not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from, anyone under 13 years of age. If the Company is notified that it has inadvertently collected personal information from anyone under 13 years old, it will destroy such information. If you are under the age of 18, you must ask a parent or legal guardian to order merchandise from the Company.
8. How do I contact the Company?
Submit
You're in! Keep an eye out for great deals headed your way.
Shop Products
The advertised transaction is a rental-purchase agreement (rent-to-own agreement, consumer rental-purchase agreement or a lease/lease-purchase agreement, depending on your state). You will not own the merchandise until the total amount necessary to acquire ownership is paid in full or you exercise your early purchase option (“EPO”). Ownership is optional. MA and RI consumers: after the first 184 days, you may purchase the merchandise for 50% of the remaining Total Cost, plus applicable sales tax. Product availability and pricing may vary by store. Advertised offers good while supplies last and cannot be combined together or with any other promotions. See Store Manager for complete details. Consulta con el Gerente de la Tienda para los detalles completos.”Closeout Corner” quantities are limited. Product, condition and selection vary by location. Participating locations only. Smaller Payments refers to reduced weekly rental rate and may not reduce total cost to own in all cases. See store for details.
*Advertised rates begin 9/2/18 and end 9/30/18. Offer good while supplies last and cannot be combined with any other promotion. The “Total Price” does not include applicable taxes, optional fees and other charges (such as late charges) you may incur. Advertised rental rates and terms are for new merchandise only. Prices not valid outside U.S. Savings claims based on non-promotional weekly rate. Reduced weekly rates will not reduce purchase-option amounts or total amount necessary to acquire ownership. Sample pricing based on models shown. Total cost may vary by items selected. Participating locations only. “6 Months Same as Cash” offer valid only on new agreements entered between 2/8/18 and 12/31/18. Same as Cash period ends 184 days after start of the new agreement. Up to 50% off previously rented items savings claims based on the advertised weekly rate for previously owned item when compared to non-promotional weekly rates of the item in new condition.
**”Save 20%” savings claims based on weekly rate of items leased separately. Bundle offers reduce weekly rates when compared to non promotional weekly rates for bundled items leased separately and will not reduce total amount necessary to acquire ownership or purchase option amounts. Total of all payments for bundle will not exceed total for products obtained separately. Length of term varies and will be determined based upon combined total of all payments for primary rental and add-on product, divided by combined weekly rate of primary rental.
**“Starts Any New Agreement” offer is valid only on new agreements entered into by 9/30/18. Customers eligible for this offer will pay accordingly for the initial rental period until first renewal, up to 7 days. Regular rental rates will then apply. Rate and term vary by item selected. Optional fees and taxes are not included. Not valid online. Cannot be combined with any other promotion. Offer does not reduce total amount to acquire ownership or purchase-option amounts. Participating locations only.
 
The advertised transaction is a rental-purchase agreement (rent-to-own agreement, consumer rental-purchase agreement or a lease/lease-purchase agreement, depending on your state). You will not own the merchandise until the total amount necessary to acquire ownership is paid in full or you exercise your early purchase option (“EPO”). Ownership is optional. MA and RI consumers: after the first 184 days, you may purchase the merchandise for 50% of the remaining Total Cost, plus applicable sales tax. Product availability and pricing may vary by store. Advertised offers good while supplies last and cannot be combined together or with any other promotions. See Store Manager for complete details. Consulta con el Gerente de la Tienda para los detalles completos.”Closeout Corner” quantities are limited. Product, condition and selection vary by location. Participating locations only. Smaller Payments refers to reduced weekly rental rate and may not reduce total cost to own in all cases. See store for details.
*Advertised rates begin 9/2/18 and end 9/30/18. Offer good while supplies last and cannot be combined with any other promotion. The “Total Price” does not include applicable taxes, optional fees and other charges (such as late charges) you may incur. Advertised rental rates and terms are for new merchandise only. Prices not valid outside U.S. Savings claims based on non-promotional weekly rate. Reduced weekly rates will not reduce purchase-option amounts or total amount necessary to acquire ownership. Sample pricing based on models shown. Total cost may vary by items selected. Participating locations only. “6 Months Same as Cash” offer valid only on new agreements entered between 2/8/18 and 12/31/18. Same as Cash period ends 184 days after start of the new agreement. Up to 50% off previously rented items savings claims based on the advertised weekly rate for previously owned item when compared to non-promotional weekly rates of the item in new condition.
**”Save 20%” savings claims based on weekly rate of items leased separately. Bundle offers reduce weekly rates when compared to non promotional weekly rates for bundled items leased separately and will not reduce total amount necessary to acquire ownership or purchase option amounts. Total of all payments for bundle will not exceed total for products obtained separately. Length of term varies and will be determined based upon combined total of all payments for primary rental and add-on product, divided by combined weekly rate of primary rental.
**“Starts Any New Agreement” offer is valid only on new agreements entered into by 9/30/18. Customers eligible for this offer will pay accordingly for the initial rental period until first renewal, up to 7 days. Regular rental rates will then apply. Rate and term vary by item selected. Optional fees and taxes are not included. Not valid online. Cannot be combined with any other promotion. Offer does not reduce total amount to acquire ownership or purchase-option amounts. Participating locations only.
