Last Modified Date:  February 21, 2018
This privacy notice statement describes how AmOne collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: www.amone.com . It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. AmOne's Terms of Use and Disclosure statements, also displayed on this Web site, are hereby incorporated into this Company Privacy Policy.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
Collection and Use of Personal Information
We collect the following personal information from you via our Web site form or over the telephone
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number
We also collect the following information from you
Information contained in other fields in our online form
Information about your business (if applicable) such as company name, company size, business type
We use this information to provide and enhance AmOne's service, and for other reasons, including, but not limited to
Provide you companies that best match your request
Send you requested product or service information
Respond to customer service requests
Send you a newsletter
Send you marketing communications
Administer contests and sweepstakes you entered, and notify you if you've won
Display content based upon your interests
As is true of most Web sites, we automatically gather information about your computer such as your IP address, browser type, referring/exit pages, and operating system and store it in log files.
We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, and to improve marketing and site functionality.
When you create an account with us as an affiliate for a business relationship, we may collect information including but not limited to your name, email address, and federal Employer Identification Number (EIN). The information collected is only used to administer your affiliate account and fulfill the requested services.
Choice/Opt-Out
You may choose to discontinue use of AmOne's service or stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at info@amone.com .
Access to Personal Information
Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, or to simply ensure it is accurate, you may review and update your personal information, by contacting us at info@amone.com or by logging into your personal account . We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@amone.com . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may also disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if AmOne is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so,
in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may share your information with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities.  These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
These services may include
Providing customer service
Sending marketing communications
Except as described in this Privacy Statement and our Disclosures , we will not share any information you submitted to us without your expressed agreement and never if you have opted out.
When we share your personal information with other companies, they may market their products or services to you. If you want us to stop sharing your personal information with these companies, contact us at info@amone.com . We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
Tracking Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by AmOne and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We may use cookies to keep track of your preferences and profile information. Cookies are also used to collect general usage and volume statistical information that does not include personal information.
Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 and Flash cookies to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash cookies, please click here .
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here . Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When an affiliate enters sensitive information (such as a Social Security Number) on our forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at info@amone.com
Additional Policy Information
Minors
You must be 18 years of age or older to utilize AmOne's Web site and service. The use of AmOne's Web site and service is not intended for minors.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of AmOne. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit. AmOne is not responsible for the content of any other 3rd party websites or for the services they provide, even if they are linked to from this Web site.
Blog
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You can request the removal of your personal information from our blog, by contacting us at info@amone.com .  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Social Media Features
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Affiliation
AmOne is not affiliated with the lenders in our network in any way other than as a distributor of information regarding the lenders’ products and services.  All decisions regarding any consumer applications made to a lender is solely the right and responsibility of that lender.
Notification of Privacy Statement Changes
We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this Web site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or emailing us at the address below:
AmOne Corp.
Email: info@amone.com
Phone: 800-781-5187
Our Company
Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33325
