NASCAR.COM Privacy Statement
What’s New in the Updated Privacy Statement? We have updated the privacy statement applicable to our online and mobile websites, digital services, and applications and clarified data collection, usage and sharing practices among NASCAR and its marketing partners. Please take the time to read the full privacy statement. You consent to the data collection, use, disclosure and storage practices described in this privacy statement when you use NASCAR.COM (as described below), including when you access any content or videos. 
 
The Information We Collect
We receive both information that is directly provided to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit NASCAR.COM, and information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device. In this privacy statement, we refer to all of this as the “Information.”
1. Information You Provide to Us. At NASCAR.COM, you can register, order products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters or text message alerts, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. In the course of these various offerings, we often seek to collect from you various forms of Information, such as: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information. In addition, we may have access to information that identifies your mobile device and telecommunications carrier. 
 
2. Information That is Passively or Automatically Collected. We, and our “Partners” who include our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and distribution or other partners may use automated means to collect various types of Information about you, your computer or other device used to access NASCAR.COM. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of automatically collected Information may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Comcast, Verizon or AT&T) and domains used by such providers, mobile network, device identifiers (such as Apple IDFA or an Android Advertising ID), device settings, browser settings, the web pages of NASCAR.COM you have visited, sites visited before and after you visit NASCAR.COM, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view NASCAR.COM (e.g., iOS, Android), location information, and the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on. Please see the Section titled Cookies, and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies for more information about how the foregoing Information may be collected and used. 
3. Geo-location Information. If you are accessing NASCAR.COM from a mobile device or through a mobile application, you may be asked to share your precise (GPS level) geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience on NASCAR.COM or on other services, when we work with a Partner such as a third party mobile ad platform. If you agree to such collection, in most cases, you will be able to turn off such data collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application.
4. Information Collected By and From Social Media Services and Other Third Party Platforms. You also can engage with our content, such as video, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through social media services or other third-party platforms and social networking sites, such as Facebook, or other third-party social media plug-ins, integrations and applications. When you engage with our content on or through social media services or other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain Information in your profile. This may include your name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, an ID associated with the applicable third party platform or social media account user files, like photos and videos, your list of friends or connections, people you follow and/or who follow you, or your posts or the 'likes’. For a description of how social media services and other third party platforms, plug-ins, integrations or applications handle your information, please refer to their respective privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings.
 
 
We, along with our Partners, may use the Information to: 
1. provide and communicate with you about NASCAR.COM, such as to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter or notification, or to contact you about your account with us,
2. fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, including without limitation requests for newsletters and notifications,
3. respond to your inquiries, and notify you if you have won one of our contests,
4. communicate with you about other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you,
5. enforce the legal terms (including without limitation this privacy statement and our terms of use) that govern your use of NASCAR.COM, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information. 
6. provide technical support for NASCAR.COM,
7. prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including, without limitation, copyright infringement) on or through NASCAR.COM, 
8. protect the safety of our users,
9. customize or personalize ads, offers and content made available to you based on your visits to and/or usage of NASCAR.COM or other online or mobile websites, applications, platforms or services, and analyze the performance of those ads, offers and content, as well as your interaction with them,
10. perform analysis regarding how you use NASCAR.COM or any part thereof,
 
When you provide information from your social media account, it can help enable us to do things like (1) give you exclusive content, (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our applications or websites, (3) contact you through the social media service or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards, and (4) enable you to share your experience and content via social media services. When you provide information about yourself to us through an application, on our sites, or on social media services or other third party platforms, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.
We or a Partner may use “cookies” or similar technologies to associate certain of the Information with a unique identifier that then associates the Information with your device or browser. For information about how these technologies work and how we may use them, please go to the Section titled Cookies, And Other Users and Ad-Targeting Technologies.
Sometimes, we may associate cookies with the Information, including de-identified, “hashed,” or anonymous versions of Information you have provided (such as during registration), in order to send or help our Partners send ads and offers based on your presumed interests or demographic information. 
 
We may disclose the Information as follows:
1. To service providers or Partners that we have engaged to perform business-related functions on our behalf. This may include service providers that: (a) conduct research and analytics; (b) create content; (c) provide customer, technical or operational support; (d) conduct or support marketing (such as email or advertising platforms); (e) fulfill orders and user requests; (f) handle payments; (g) host NASCAR.COM, forums and online communities; (h) administer contests; (i) maintain databases; (j) send or support online or mobile advertising; and (k) otherwise support NASCAR.COM.
2. In response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena, a law enforcement or government agency's request or similar request, or where we believe in our sole discretion it is necessary 
3. With third parties in order to investigate, prevent, or take action ( in our sole discretion) regarding potentially illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to any person, us, or NASCAR.COM, or violations of our policies, the law or our Terms of Use , to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing NASCAR.COM and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements. 
4. We may transfer some or all of your Information if we, or one of our business units, undergoes a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, or if a substantial portion of our or of a business unit’s assets is sold or merged in this way. 
5. We may share the Information with affiliates, so they can provide, improve and communicate with you about their own, or their marketing partners’ products and services.
6. We may share the Information with unaffiliated Partners and third parties (e.g., our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that wish to market products or services to you. In addition, we may disclose Information that identifies your mobile device, telecommunications carrier and information regarding your access/use of NASCAR.COM mobile applications to NASCAR’s wireless communications partner.
If you wish to opt out from such sharing please visit the How to Contact Us/Opting Out of Marketing Communications section below for further instructions.
  
Cookies and Other User and Ad-Targeting Technologies
 
1. Cookies. To enhance your online experience, we use "cookies", “web beacons” or other tracking technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences. We use cookies or other tracking technologies to understand site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the products, content, offerings, services or advertisements on NASCAR.COM. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on NASCAR.COM (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to NASCAR.COM), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on NASCAR.COM. We also may use cookies or other tracking technologies to help us offer you products, content, offerings, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising when you visit NASCAR.COM, an affiliate’s website, or when you visit other websites or applications. We or a third party platform with whom we work may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized content, offers, services or advertisements on NASCAR.COM or other sites. These cookies contain no information intended to identify you personally. The cookies may be associated with de-identified demographic or other data linked to or derived from data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g., your email address) that we may share with a service provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
 
2. Synching Cookies and Identifiers. We may work with our Partners (for instance, third party ad platforms) to synchronize unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with cookies) in order to match our Partner’s uniquely coded user identifiers to our own. We may do this, for instance, to enhance data points about a particular unique browser or device, and thus enable us or others to send ads that are more relevant, match users to their likely product interests, or better synchronize, cap, or optimize advertising.
3. Locally Stored Objects. NASCAR.COM may employ locally stored objects (“LSOs”) and other client side storage tracking technologies in certain situations where they help to provide a better user experience, such as to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies, or in order to target or help our Partners target ads, analyze ads performance, or perform user, website or market analytics. For LSOs utilized by Adobe Flash you can access your Flash management tools from Adobe's website . In addition, some, but not all browsers, provide the ability to remove LSOs, sometimes within cookie and privacy settings. 
4. Disabling Cookies.
Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of NASCAR.COM may be difficult to use or inoperable.
 
5. Web Beacons. We and our Partners may also use "web beacons" or clear GIFs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.).
6. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs.
We also sometimes use, or partner with publishers, publisher-facing, or app developer platforms that use mobile Software Development Kits ("SDKs"), or use an SDK with a mobile app that we offer, to collect Information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and Information connected to how mobile devices interact with NASCAR.COM products and services and those using NASCAR.COM. A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a web beacon (see "Web Beacons" above). The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services or analytics to be performed. We may use this technology to deliver or help our Partners deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you'd like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in the "Your Ad Choices" section below.
  
Your Ad Choices 
Advertising enables us to provide the rich content, and to provide much of this content free of cost to our users. Thus, we strive to provide you with ads that are relevant to you and for products you may want. However, we also offer you choices with regard to interest-based ads.
To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you, please visit our AdChoices page, which has general information about certain companies that place these ads. Additionally, we sometimes utilize Adobe technology to customize advertising you may see on our site or other sites. You can opt out of the receipt of targeted advertising utilizing Adobe technology by clicking here .
You may also find more information about entities involved in online advertising and additional choices you may make through the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") at the NAI site and the Digital Advertising Alliance (the "DAA") a the DAA Self Regulatory Program site.
The tools provided on the Ad Choices page, as well as the DAA opt-out page and the NAI opt-out page , are provided by third parties, not NDM, we do not control or operate these tools or the choices that advertisers and others provide through these tools.
 
How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals
 
Linked Services
 
International Transfer
  
Data Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the Information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.
  
How You Can Access or Correct Information
Access to certain personal Information that is collected from NASCAR.COM and that we maintain may be available to you. For example, if you created a password-protected account within our site, you can access that account to review the information you provided. 
  
How to Contact Us/Opting Out of Marketing Communications
If you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy statement for this site or its implementation, or if you would like to opt out from our sharing of your personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes you may contact us at the above address and request that we opt you out of such sharing. We may ask you to provide additional information for identity verification purposes, or to verify that you are in possession of an applicable email account. 
 
California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights
California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternately, businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place.
 
Updates & Effective Date
From time to time, we may update this privacy statement. We will notify you about material changes by either sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.
 
 
Copyright © 2018 NASCAR Digital Media, LLC.    All rights reserved.
NASCAR.com is part of the NASCAR Digital Media Network.
