Epson America, Inc. and Epson Canada, Limited Online Privacy Policy
Effective Date May 29, 2018
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cookies: Cookies are data files that are placed on a computer when it is used to visit a website. These cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using the Sites and certain third party sites for marketing and other purposes. These service providers use cookies or web beacons to help us deliver Site content, compile Site metrics and analytics, and help us improve and customize your experiences on the Sites and in our advertising efforts. You can find a list of these companies and find out more about how these companies use cookies or web beacons by clicking on the following link: Service Providers . You may disable cookies using your browser's preferences. However, some features of the Sites may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable the cookies. Please also be aware that disabling cookies will remove all cookies from your system including those you may find useful such as passwords and user names you have saved on frequently visited websites.
Web Beacons and Pixels: We may include small graphic images called web beacons, also known as "Internet tags" or "clear gifs," or pixels in our web pages and e-mail messages. We may use web beacons, pixels or similar technologies for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many e-mails that we sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed, and for third party marketing as described below in "Network Advertising and Retargeting."
Embedded Scripts: An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party we work with, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deleted or deactivated thereafter.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Service Providers: We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers so that they may perform certain services for us, such as website hosting, order fulfillment, delivery of Epson promotional materials and product offers, clearing and processing credit and debit card payments, or performing other services on our behalf. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance and are required to protect Personal Information collected by them on behalf of Epson or disclosed to them by Epson and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Policy.
Advertising Retargeting: Epson may share certain user information about you, including Personal Information, with third party advertisers ("Advertisers"; a current list is available on request) through the use of cookies, web beacons, and pixels, placed in Epson emails and on the Sites. This information about you allows those Advertisers to track your preferences and web pages visited while using the Sites and certain third party sites and to use that information to target advertising to you on behalf of Epson. Epson does not share your information with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Business Transfers: Epson may share Personal Information with its subsidiaries and affiliates for internal business purposes. Epson also reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer all information collected, whether through or in connection with the Sites or otherwise, including Personal Information, to third parties in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of Epson or of any of the business or assets or shares of Epson or a subsidiary or division thereof in order for you to continue to receive the same products and services from the third party.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Keep an eye out for our great offers and updates.
We apologize, it looks like the system is down. Please try again later.
Follow Us
Please enter a valid email address
You are providing your consent to Epson America, Inc., doing business as Epson, so that we may send you promotional emails. You may withdraw your consent or view our privacy policy at any time. To contact Epson America, you may write to 3840 Kilroy Airport Way, Long Beach, CA 90806 or call 1-800-463-7766.
Products
