Advanced Micro Devices Website Privacy Policy.
This website (the “Site”) is operated by Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., a company incorporated in the state of Delaware, United States with its headquarters located at 2485 Augustine Drive, Santa Clara, CA, 95054, and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“AMD”, “We”, “Our” or “Us”). This Privacy Policy applies to personal information which is collected and used by AMD.
This Privacy Policy forms part of the Site’s Terms and Conditions of Use and describes how We collect, protect and use the personal information We receive from visitors to the Site.
providing, developing, improving and personalizing Our services and the Site; 
registering you on the Site;
providing you (subject to the Direct Marketing section below) with marketing communications that you have asked to receive;
dealing with your inquiries and requests;
generating anonymous reports about use of the Site and its features;
allowing you to take part in Site features, competitions, campaigns, promotions or surveys;
analyzing the data of people who visit our Site to better understand how they interact with the Site to enable Us to understand and improve the Site and our service offerings (including customizing the content of the Site);
producing anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop Our or their own products and service offerings;
keeping you up to date by sending you Our email communications; and
 
We may send you such communications by:
Email;
SMS text message and/or any other form of electronic message;
Push notifications; 
any other medium which becomes relevant from time to time.
You can opt-out of receiving communications from AMD at any time by writing to the AMD Communication Preference Centre at memberservices@amd-member.com or by following the unsubscribe instructions set out in each of Our communications to you.  However, We may still need to contact you in the event of a change to Our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, Cookies Policy or concerning an account you may have with Us.
We will not disclose your personal information that We collect from the Site to any third parties without your consent except:
to employees and independent contractors of AMD, analytic vendors, third party agents and other service providers and suppliers if the disclosure will enable that party to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for AMD or to perform a service that you have requested;
to and between companies within the AMD group;
where you give Us permission to disclose your personal information to third parties selected by Us for marketing purposes;
if We are required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or request from a competent court, regulator or other authority;
where We deem it necessary, in Our sole discretion, to protect Our legal rights or property or the legal rights or property of an individual who registers with the Site or any third party, or to prevent personal injury; and/or
in connection with a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of Our assets or stock or Our affiliated entities (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
We may also disclose your non-private, aggregate or otherwise non-personal information with third parties, including social media companies like Facebook and Twitter, and online advertising companies like Google, to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services for marketing purposes. You may opt-out of receiving marketing messages by using the opt-out mechanisms and links provided in each email. 
 
AMD is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the personal information that you provide. We use a variety of advanced security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, We store the personal information you provide on secured computer servers that are located in controlled facilities. Additionally, when We transmit sensitive personal information over the Internet, We protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. Please help Us to keep your personal information secure by not using an obvious login name or password and ensuring you do not divulge your password to any other person.
 
AMD Communication Preference Centre
Markham, ON L3T 7X6
Canada
AMD is not obliged to comply with identical or repetitive requests and may refuse to respond to a request which is manifestly unfounded or excessive.
Comments and questions regarding Our policy should be directed to the Communication Preference Centre.
EEA data protection laws offer additional rights and protections for individuals located in the EEA. The following additional information applies to you if you are located in the EEA:
Basis of processing: Where you give Us your personal information to receive a product or service from Us, We process your personal information on the basis that such processing is necessary to give effect to the contract between us. Where you give Us your personal information for any other reason, We process your personal information for Our legitimate business purposes to give action to your request (for example, providing you with access to Our Site or providing you with direct marketing that you have requested);
Personal information rights: In addition to your right to access personal information We hold about you (as set out at the Access to your information section of this Privacy Policy), you have the right to have your personal information rectified or erased, to object to its processing or to restrict access to it. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with how We process your personal information. In certain circumstances, You may also have the right to receive a copy of your personal information in a machine-readable format or to have your personal information sent to another entity.
Transfers: Your personal information may need to be transferred to countries outside of the EEA, both within the AMD group and to selected third party service providers. Jurisdictions to which your personal information may be exported include the USA, Canada, India and Hong Kong. Some countries may not offer the same level of protection for your personal information as exists within the EEA. Such transfers may take place to enable Us to provide you with Our products and/or services, for marketing purposes and/or for customer relationship management purposes. We will only make such international transfers subject to legally required adequate safeguards being put in place to protect your personal information. For further information on or to receive a copy of the adequate safeguards We have adopted, please contact the Communication Preference Centre.
Retention: We will only hold your personal information for as long as is necessary to (i) provide you a product or service you have requested; (ii) provide you with access to Our Site; (iii) provide you with direct marketing, including newsletters, that you have requested; (iv) process your employment application; (v) respond to any query or complaint you submit; (vi) run competitions, campaigns, promotions or surveys which you have signed up for; or (vii) comply with any and all applicable laws. Thereafter, your personal information will be destroyed in accordance with Our policies and procedures regarding record retention and management.  
 
Footer Secondary
