PIXELZ PRIVACY POLICY
Pixelz, Inc. (hereinafter, “We,” “Us,” and “Our”) respect your privacy and has instituted this Privacy Policy to protect you (hereinafter “You” and “Your”) in Your capacity as a user of the site located at www.pixelz.com, or any other website owned or operated by Us that does not post a different privacy policy (hereinafter, the “Site”).
Please read on to learn how We collect and use information obtained from the Site. If You have any questions about Our Privacy Policy or the Terms and Conditions, feel free to contact Us at support@pixelz.com.
When You access and use the Site, We process, store and use certain information in accordance with the principles set out in this Privacy Policy. We will limit the collection and use of Your information to a minimum. We will only collect such information as is required to help You use the Site or to keep You informed about the services offered by Us or Our affiliates. The information You provide may also be used for analytical and statistical purposes, as specified herein.
WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT AND WHAT DO WE USE IT FOR?
Personally identifiable information (hereinafter “Personal Data”) is any information that can be used to identify and contact You, including Your e-mail address, full name, and/or telephone number. When You register to use the Site, We collect such Personal Data about You in order for Us to be able to deliver Our services to you, administrate Our business and ensure Our legal compliance.
If We have gathered your consent to do so, We may periodically send You details via e-mail about the products and services that We offer. You may opt out of receiving these e-mails, and hereby withdraw your consent, at any time by ticking the ‘opt out’ box provided in the promotional e-mail.
When You access the Site, Our server automatically collects certain information such as your IP-address, pages viewed, and length of time spent on the Site. We collect and use this information to diagnose problems with our server, to improve Our site, and to provide content of interest to You. We may also give affiliates and partners access to aggregate data about Our users and their use of the Site during user sessions.
It is in Our legitimate interest to use Your Personal Data in such a way to ensure that We provide the very best service to You and Our other customers.
In order to provide you with thorough and personalized service, We may use “cookies” to keep and occasionally track information about You. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to Your browser from a web server and stored on Your computer’s hard drive. We sometimes use cookies to track information for Our users’ convenience and to understand our customers better. The cookies that are gathered by Us are only used by Us. At no time do We share information from cookies with third parties.
SECURITY OF PERSONAL DATA
We take reasonable, industry standard steps to safeguard the security and confidentiality of any information You provide to Us, including Your Personal Data. When Your Personal Data is stored with Us, We use systems with limited access, located at facilities with technical, physical and administrative security measures, to protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of Personal Data We collect or store.
Any password and user name allocated to You by Us must be kept secret and must not be disclosed to anyone, unless We have given You our prior written permission.
WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH?
We are a global company and any Personal Data that we collect or that You provide to Us may be shared and processed by any of Our entities.
We may also share Personal Data with a variety of the following categories of third parties if necessary, such as:
Our professional advisors such as lawyers and accountants
Governments or regulatory authorities
Tax authorities
Third parties to whom We outsource certain services such as IT systems or software providers, hosting service providers, payment service providers, document processing and translation services, etc.
Third party service providers who assist Us with customer insight analytics
In some cases, We thus appoint sub-contractors as required to deliver Our services to You. These sub-contractors process Personal Data on Our behalf. We ensure contractual documentation in relation to any sub-contractor to make sure that they process Personal Data according to Our legal and regulatory obligations.
In order to provide Our services, we may need to transfer Your Personal Data to locations outside the jurisdiction in which You provide it.
If You are based within the European Economic Area (EEA), please note that where necessary to deliver the services We will transfer personal information to countries outside the EEA.
All Pixelz entities have signed a data sharing agreement which is based on the EU standard contractual clauses to ensure that We comply with Our legal and regulatory obligations in relation to Personal Data, including having a lawful basis for transferring Personal Data.
HOW LONG DO WE PROCESS PERSONAL DATA FOR?
When you visit the Site and purchase Our services, We will process the relevant Personal Data for at least five years from the date of Our last interaction with You and in compliance with Our obligations under the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
In some cases, We may be legally obligated to keep processing Your Personal Data for a longer period.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
Please note that You could be directed to another site while using the Site. When You link to another site, You should review their privacy policy, as it may be different from Our Privacy Policy. Such sites may send their own cookies to users and otherwise collect data or solicit Personal Data. We are not responsible, and shall therefore not be liable, for the privacy practices of linked sites or any use such sites may make of any Personal Data collected from You. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Personal Data collected by the Site.
USE OF IMAGES SENT TO US FOR AVAILING OUR SERVICES
The Site provides services to remove backgrounds of images sent to Us by customers. We will not use images sent for private or commercial use without Your prior consent. When processed, the images will be available at a public internet location, the URL of which will not be published. As this location is public (and therefore potentially available to any internet-connected device), We urge you to use discretion in sending Us images that may be sensitive to You or to third parties. Under no circumstances shall We be liable for unauthorized transmission of images that do not belong to You.
If You use Our services to send pictures of physical, identifiable persons and thus make Us process Personal Data for which You are responsible, You must enter into a data processing agreement with Us. Our data processing agreement can be found here .
WHAT ARE YOUR RIGHTS?
You have the following rights regarding the Personal Data we process:
Right to access: If You ask Us, We will confirm whether We are processing Your Personal Data and, if necessary, provide You with a copy of such Personal Data.
Right to rectification: If the Personal Data We process is inaccurate or incomplete, You are entitled to request to have it rectified.
Right to deletion: You may, under certain circumstances, ask Us to delete or remove Your Personal Data. Such circumstances may arise where We no longer need it or if You withdraw Your consent (where applicable).
Right to restrict processing: You can, under certain circumstances, ask Us to 'block' the processing of Personal Data. Such circumstances may arise where You contest the accuracy of that Personal Data or You object to Us.
Right to data portability: You have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the Personal Data You have provided Us with (in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format) and to reuse it elsewhere or to ask Us to transfer this to a third party of Your choice.
Right to object: You may, under certain circumstances, ask us to stop processing Your Personal Data.
Right to withdraw Your consent: If we rely on Your consent as our legal basis for processing Your Personal Data, You have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
Right to complain: If you have a concern about any aspect of Our practices regarding the processing of Personal Data, You can report it to the relevant supervisory authority.
If you wish to exercise Your rights, You may send an email message to: cs@pixelz.com.
CHANGES
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. Any minor changes in this Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site. You will receive notification on any significant changes prior to these changes entering into force.
Last updated May 2018.
