You can unsubscribe at any time.
Enter email address
Search by title, catalog stock #, author, isbn, etc.
Click Here to view the entire Christianbook.com privacy policy.
Why do you ask for my e-mail address? Will you rent it out?
E-mail allows us to serve our customers better by getting information out quickly and efficiently. However, we understand that some people are sensitive about giving out their address because they wish to avoid intrusive e-mail, or "spam". We're not "spam" fans either, and we will never rent or share your e-mail address with anyone. However, we would like to send you e-mails from time to time, featuring insider information about special offers and promotions. If you would prefer not to receive this type of e-mail from us, simply click here . We will be happy to remove you from our list. For more information on e-mail privacy at Christianbook.com, please consult our Privacy Policy .
Why do you ask for my phone number with my order?
As with e-mail addresses, we know that some folks are hesitant to divulge their telephone number over the internet. We care about your privacy and assure you that we will only use your telephone number to verify information about your order or to update you on any potential issues. We absolutely will not rent out your phone number or share it with anyone. If you would like more information, please consult our Privacy Policy .
My phone number is unlisted. Do I have to give it to you?
We require a phone number for all orders placed at Christianbook.com, to allow us to contact our customers quickly in the event of a problem with their order. We assure you that we'll only ever use your telephone number to verify information about your order and to update you on any potential issues. We will not rent out your phone number under any circumstances. For more information on this issue, please consult our Privacy Policy .
Do you leave "cookies"?
A "cookie" is a string of text that contains information about a specific customer. Websites will often place a cookie in the memory of a customer's computer for the purpose of recognizing that individual when he or she returns to the site. Through a limited use of cookies, Christianbook.com provides customers with tailored and personalized service.
At Christianbook.com, we will leave a cookie on your computer that allows the site to recognize you when you return and access your account for you. If you would prefer not to accept cookies from Christianbook.com or any other site, your browser (Internet Explorer, FireFox, Chrome, Safari, etc.) includes a switch that allows you to block cookies.
What can I do to protect my security and confidentiality?
We are committed to protecting the security and confidentiality of your information. We will never request your credit card information unless you are placing an order (online, by phone, fax or mail), or as an optional field when you fill out your account. In order to protect your account, we caution you never to disclose your password or login information. Because thieves have been known to create copycat websites with names similar to reputable sites, in order to lure folks into divulging their personal information, we urge you make sure that you typed the correct website address before entering your information.
Sign Up To Receive Exclusive Email Offers
You can unsubscribe at any time
Sign Up
You can unsubscribe at any time
Shops
