Privacy policy
This is the Privacy Policy of Join Marketing B.V. ("Join," "we," "us" or "our"). Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our website www.join.marketing (the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information.
By using our Service you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users (as defined below) may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Our Privacy Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users").
What kinds of information do we collect?
Information you provide
We collect the following information you provide us with directly:
Your name;
Your username, password and e-mail address when you register for an Join account;
Profile information that you provide for your user profile;
User Content (e.g., photos, comments, and other materials) that you post to the Service;
Communications between you and Join (e.g., we may send you Service-related emails);
Log file information
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service. This log file information may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Metadata
Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User Content. For instance, metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. Users can add or may have metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g. to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g. to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. This makes your User Content more searchable by others and more interactive.
Analytics services (non-personally identifiable information only)
We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. The tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your device, to collect your log information and behavior information in an anonymous form. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User. With respect to Google Analytics, although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits by disabling cookies.
How do we use this information?
We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Services. Here is how:
remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;
provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service;
To help you efficiently access your information after you sign in;
monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns;
diagnose or fix technology problems;
develop and test new products and features;
Communications
We may use your information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link.
How is this information shared?
We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Join.
People you share and communicate with
Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public. Once you have shared User Content or made it public, that User Content may be re-shared by others. Subject to your profile, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties have copied or saved that information.
Change of control
If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Join or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy.
Legal requests and preventing harm
We may access, preserve and share your information in response to a legal request (like a search warrant, court order or subpoena) if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so. We may also access, preserve and share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to: detect, prevent and address fraud and other illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you and others, including as part of investigations; and to prevent death or imminent bodily harm. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period of time when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm.
Safety and security
Join has taken appropriate technical and organizational measures by using the latest technologies to protect your information against loss or unlawful processing. We use safeguards to help keep the information collected through the Service secure and take steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account. However, Join cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to Join or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. We request you to do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and Join, at all times. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization.
International transfer
Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Netherlands and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information to The Netherlands. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Retention period
In accordance with the law, Join does not retain data any longer than is required for attaining the purposes for which they were collected.
Inspection and correction
If you wish to know which of your data Join has recorded or if you wish to amend or remove data that you cannot amend via your account, please contact Join.
Third-party applications, websites and services
We are not responsible for the practices employed by any applications, websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another application, website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party applications, websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party application, website or service, including those that have a link on our Services, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party app, website or service and you allow them to access your User Content you do so at your own risk.
Children’s privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with personal information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may modify or update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy of the Service, please send an email to hello@join.marketing .
+31 202 101 320 hello@join.marketing
© Copyright 2017 Join - All Rights Reserved
We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website.
You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings.
Ok
Performance Cookies
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful.
You can adjust all of your cookie settings by navigating the tabs on the left hand side.
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings.
If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.
Performance Cookies
This website uses Google Analytics Suite and Hotjar to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages.
Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website.
Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!
Accept
