The University of Chicago (the “University”) is committed to the privacy and security of personal information. This privacy notice discloses how the University of Chicago Law School processes the personal information of prospective students, current students, alumni, faculty, staff, and website visitors (hereafter “constituents”). Please note this notice is specific to the Law School and that other University offices and functions may have separate notices. If you would like to know more about how another University office or function uses personal information, please contact that office or function directly.
Personal Information Collected
Personal information is any information that relates to an identifiable individual. You may provide personal information directly to the University when you interact with Law School or other University offices or functions. We may also obtain personal information about University constituents from publicly available sources and third parties.
Personal Information Collected About Website Visitors and Email Recipients
The Law School’s website and other University websites use cookies to monitor performance and provide customized content based on a user’s preferences and activities. Cookies are small amounts of information stored in a computer’s web browser that collect and store information about a user’s interactions with a website. The Law School may also use other similar technologies to deliver personalized content and evaluate the performance of our websites and services.
The Law School may record your IP address when you visit our websites, platforms, online applications, and internet‐connected services.
The Law School use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to enhance users’ experiences when interacting with our websites and services. The Law School collects data about where and for how long visitors access our websites.
To measure the effectiveness of the Law School’s communications, the Law School may review how users access and interact with them.
Visitors to the Law School’s websites can use browser configuration settings and other methods to identify, block, or delete cookies and other similar technologies.
All credit card transactions through our websites are processed by third party service providers. The Law School does not store your credit card information.
Personal Information Collected About Prospective Students
The Law School collects information from prospective students through the applications they submit to us, through the interviews we conduct with them, and through event registration forms. This information may include demographic information, contact information, employment history, character and fitness information, academic and programmatic interests, education history, standardized test scores, financial data, extracurricular and community activities, personal statements, event program preferences, dietary restrictions, and accessibility needs.
When an applicant has applied both here and to other schools, we may be notified by those other schools if an applicant decides to matriculate there.
Personal Information Collected About Students
The Law School collects personal information in the course of maintaining student records in support of registration and enrollment processes, internal and external reporting, and bar application processing. This information may include name, address, date of birth, social security number, place of birth, citizenship demographics, tribal affiliation, education history, employment history, bar passage history, military history, character and fitness data, and photo.
Personal Information Collected About Alumni and Donors
Personal information collected about alumni and donors may include the following elements: biographical information, contact information, professional information, information relating to a person’s time at the University and other academic institutions, volunteer and event registration/attendance information, gift and stewardship information and information concerning a person’s interests, activities, memberships, and affiliations (both within the University and outside of the University).
The Law School may also collect personal information from University directory websites (like Alumni & Friends and UChicago Community Online), from third‐party data brokerage services and from publicly available sources.
The Law School uses personal information for admissions processes, student and career services, fundraising, and engagement. The personal information we use helps the Law School customize communications for our constituents.
Learn More
When alumni participate in events, clubs, or volunteer efforts that are open to broader audiences, the University may provide personal information to, and otherwise use personal information, to facilitate contact with other participants.
The Law School may use personal information to help identify targeted or personalized giving opportunities. In some cases, we may work with third parties to help the Law School better identify these individuals and opportunities.
The Law School may engage external vendors to update biographical information about alumni in order to maintain up-to-date records.
Sharing of personal information
The Law School may share your personal information with other University divisions, schools, departments, institutes, and vendors for University-related activities. The Law School will not use your personal information for any commercial or philanthropic purpose unrelated to the University.
Information Shared About Prospective Students
Our admissions department may share decision information with other schools to which an applicant has applied. For example, if we receive notice that an applicant has committed to us, we may alert the other schools that had admitted that student that he or she will matriculate here.
Information Shared About Current Students
We may share information about current students with trusted external entities such as the American Bar Association and the National Association for Law Placement. Usually that information is anonymized or aggregated, but in special cases such as an audit it may include name, contact information, employment history, and personal statements written by the student.
Personally identifiable information about current students is more often shared at the students’ request and with their express permission. For example, we share student information with state bar examiners with student consent.
Information Shared About Alumni and Donors
The University may include your contact information and information about your activities during your time at the University in private community directories only available to other constituents. This information will only be published with your consent.
The University has some affinity partners, such as banks and insurance companies, who offer special promotions for University students and alumni. The University may share your information with these business partners.
The University may publish a giving honor roll of names and degree information from constituents who do not wish to remain anonymous.
Individual access & control
In some jurisdictions, you may have the right to view, amend, or request that the Law School delete personal information. You can make such a request by sending an email to web@law.uchicago.edu .
Changes may be made to this privacy notice and we may use personal information for new purposes. When the Law School makes significant changes to its privacy practices, the Law School will update this website.
Questions? Contact web@law.uchicago.edu .
Main navigation footer
1111 East 60th Street, Chicago, Illinois 60637
