Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Protecting the privacy of website visitors is important to the Office of Undergraduate Admissions at Johns Hopkins University. We want to ensure users of https://apply.jhu.edu understand what information we collect and how it is used. During your visit to the Johns Hopkins University admissions website, some information about you is automatically collected and stored.
This Privacy Statement explains the manner in which the Office of Undergraduate Admissions collects, uses, maintains, and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://apply.jhu.edu/ (“Site”).
Personally identifiable information
We may collect personally identifiable information from users in a variety of ways and at different points in time, including, but not limited to, when you visit our Site, register for an event on the Site, subscribe to a mailing list, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, information you voluntarily provide to us like your name, email address, or phone number. You can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, though it may prevent you from engaging in certain Site-related activities. For information on student privacy rights and our compliance to the Federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), please refer to the  University Policy on Family Educational Rights and Privacy .
Non-personally identifiable information
We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you whenever you interact with our Site. Non-personally identifiable information may include the Web browser name and version, type of device, and/or technical information about your means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system, the Internet service provider(s) utilized, your IP address, and other similar information. We may use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to the Site.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance the User experience. When you visit a website, your Web browser sets cookies on your device for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about you. You may choose to set your Web browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being set. If you do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Third-party service providers, including Google, may use cookies on our Site.
We may use remarketing services such as Google AdWords to advertise on third-party sites (including Google) to previous visitors to our Site. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page or a website in the Google Display Network. Third-party service providers, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Site.
How we use collected information
The Office of Undergraduate Admissions at Johns Hopkins University may use the personally identifiable information and/or non-personally identifiable information it collects (together referred to as “collected  information”) for the following purposes:
To improve customer service. Your collected information helps us to more effectively respond to service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience. We may use collected information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site. We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Site feature. We may send you information you agree to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you.
To send periodic emails. We may use your email address to respond to your inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If you decide to opt in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include university news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or you may contact our office directly via email or phone, both of which can be found on our Site.
To utilize third-party service providers. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site and/or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters and/or surveys. We may share collected information about you with these third-party service providers  for those limited purposes if you have not denied permission to share that information.
To serve advertisements on third-party websites. We may use third-party remarketing services to advertise on third-party websites to previous visitors to our Site.
How we protect collected information
We follow appropriate data collection, storage, and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of your personally identifiable information, username, password, transaction information, and data stored on our Site.
Other websites
The Johns Hopkins University Office of Undergraduate Admissions website contains links to other independently run websites within the Johns Hopkins University network and also to some websites outside the “jhu.edu” domain. These websites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Your privacy when browsing and interacting on any of these other websites, including websites that have a link to our Site, are subject to those websites’ own terms and policies.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The Johns Hopkins University Office of Undergraduate Admissions has the discretion to update this Privacy Statement at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect collected information. It is your responsibility to review this privacy statement periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this statement, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this statement will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this Site or your experiences with this Site, please contact us at:
Office of Undergraduate Admissions
Baltimore, MD 21218 USA
Baltimore, MD 21218 USA
3101 Wyman Park Drive
