Please select your shop
Select your country of destination and your language below or stay here.
If your country is not listed, please select our International Shop.
To Selected Shop
Privacy
We take the protection of your personal data during your visit to our website very importantly. We therefore observe the statutory regulations of data protection, in particular the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the German Federal Data Privacy Act (FDPA), the German Telemedia Act (TMA) and the regulations of the individual states with regard to data protection.
The subject of data protection is ‘personal data’. This data refers to any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject). This includes details such as name, postal address, email address or phone number, but also information associated with you, such as purchases made by you.
All data you disclose to us is used for fulfilling and processing your order and shall, of course, be treated confidentially. We shall not forward your data to third parties unless you have given us your consent to do so or we are obligated to disclose this data by way of an official or judicial order. Your personal data shall be collected, stored, processed and used strictly in accordance with the following Data Privacy Policy.
This website is intended solely for the use of persons aged 16 and above. Please keep this in mind when using our website. We must also point out that persons under the age of 16 will not be able to use our services, unless they have the consent of their parents or legal guardian. This shall apply in particular for the use of contact forms, ordering goods and registering for the newsletter.
1. Data controller
For the collection, processing and use of personal data, the data controller pursuant to Art. 1 (7) GDPR and service provider pursuant to Section 13 of the German Telemedia Act is:
PAUL HEWITT GmbH
Commercial register no.: HRA 204759
VAT ID no.: DE304123183
2. Data Protection Officer
The Data Protection Officer at PAUL HEWITT GmbH can be contacted at:
PAUL HEWITT GmbH
- Data Protection department -
3. Collection, processing and use of personal data
3.1. Collection of personal data upon use of website for informational purposes
If you use the website solely for informational purposes, i.e. if you do not log in or register to use the website or disclose any other information to us, we do not collect any personal data, with the exception of the data that your browser transmits to enable you to visit the website. This data includes:
IP address
Time zone difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific page)
Access status/http status code
Volume of transmitted data
Browser
We process the aforementioned data for the following purposes:
to ensure the smooth establishment of a connection to our website,
to ensure that our website is easy to use,
to evaluate the security and stability of the system, and
for other administrative purposes.
Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR provides the legal basis for the processing of data. Our legitimate interest follows from the purposes for processing data listed above.
This data shall be stored separately from other data provided within the context of using our website. We shall not be able to link this data to a specific individual. This data shall be evaluated for statistical purposes. This data shall be evaluated exclusively for the purpose of optimising our website and shall be subsequently erased. They cannot be used to identify you.
3.2. Cookies
We use cookies on our website. These are small files that are created automatically by your browser and stored on your terminal device (laptop, tablet, smartphone or similar) when you visit our website. Cookies do not cause any damage to your terminal device, nor do they contain any viruses, Trojans or other malware.
Information obtained in connection with the specific terminal device is stored on the cookie. However, this does not mean that we are immediately aware of your identity.
Cookies serve to make the entire website more user-friendly and more efficient. We use cookies to identify you on your next visit to our website if you have an account with us. You would otherwise have to log in again each time you visit.
The website uses the following cookies:
Transient cookies (temporary)
Persistent cookies (time-limited)
Third-party cookies (from third parties)
a) Transient cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. These include, in particular, session cookies. These store a so-called session ID that enables various requests from your browser to be assigned to the same session. Your computer can therefore be recognised when you return to our website. Session cookies are deleted when you log out or close the browser.
b) Persistent cookies are deleted automatically after a specified time, which may vary from one cookie to the next. You can delete the cookies at any time in your browser’s security settings.
c) You can configure your browser settings according to your own requirements and, for example, refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. We must point out, however, that you may not be able to use all of this website’s functions in this case.
Types and purpose of cookies used by PAUL HEWITT:
Functional cookies
Functional cookies ensure that all of the functions of the website work properly. These cookies, for example, transmit information from page to page. They ensure that certain preferences stated by you for the use of the website (e.g. language preference) are stored. Prior consent for the use of these cookies is not required.
Analytical cookies
PAUL HEWITT would like to make the visit to our website as easy as possible for users. To do so, PAUL HEWITT evaluates how the visitors interact with the website. PAUL HEWITT uses Google Analytics and Shopware for this purpose. Please see the privacy policies of our partners for further information on the cookies used by these partners and the data that can be collected by them.
Marketing cookies
PAUL HEWITT uses marketing cookies to identify which marketing channels are used by the users to access the PAUL HEWITT online shop.
PAUL HEWITT uses this information to help you choose a product that best suits your needs and to offer you products in which you might be interested in the course of remarketing campaigns.
PAUL HEWITT uses cookies from Facebook , Instagram , Google , YouTube , Bing , Emetriq , AdRoll , Criteo , Tectumedia , Mpnewmedia , Ad4mat , CJ , AWIN and idealo . PAUL HEWITT can therefore see which products you are interested in. This means that we can show you relevant ads in the respective networks.
Please see the privacy policies of these partners for further information on the cookies used by these partners and the data that can be collected by them.
Retargeting:
The PAUL HEWITT online shop uses retargeting technologies available from several providers. Retargeting technologies enable us to target ads to those users who have already shown interest in our shop and our products. A number of studies have shown that relevant advertising is more appealing for users than non-personalised advertising. In retargeting, the ads are displayed on the basis of an analysis of the user’s previous conduct on the Internet. No personal or pseudonymous data is stored. Retargeting technologies are used in compliance with the currently valid statutory data protection regulations. By disabling and/or deleting the existing cookies, you can prevent these ads from being displayed.
The data processed by these cookies is necessary for the specified purposes in order to safeguard our legitimate interests and the interests of third parties pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR.
The information shall be stored separately from any other data provided to us. In particular, the data collected by the cookies shall not be linked with any other data relating to you.
3.3. Particular forms of website use
Apart from using our website for purely informational purposes, we also offer a wide variety of services that you are welcome to use, if interested. For this purpose, you will usually have to provide personal data which we require and use to provide the respective service. Where additional voluntary data is required, such data is marked accordingly.
3.3.1. Using our web shop
Our web shop may only be used by persons aged 16 and above or with the consent of a parent or legal guardian. By using our web shop, you thereby confirm that you are over 16 years of age or that a parent or legal guardian has given their consent.
If you would like to order something in our web shop, you can either enter the data required for the order once only for this particular order or create a customer account, thereby allowing your data to be stored for future purchases. If you create an account, we store your data for the purpose of fulfilling the contract and erase this data as soon as we are no longer legally obligated to store the data. Mandatory details necessary for performing the contracts are marked accordingly; other information is provided voluntarily.
The data provided by you when you create an account under [‘My account’] is stored on a revocable basis. Please contact customer service at shop[at]paul-hewitt.com to delete your customer account.
We use the data provided by you to process your order pursuant to Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR. For this purpose, we forward your address details to a shipping company contracted by us and, where required, your bank details are sent to our main bank. We shall erase this data once the contract has been fulfilled and the data retention obligations under tax and commercial law have expired.
The order process is SSL encrypted to prevent unauthorised access by third parties to your personal data, particularly financial data.
3.3.2. Use of our contact form and email contact
You may only provide us with your email address for contact purposes if you are aged 16 and above or if you have the consent of a parent or legal guardian. By using this function, you thereby confirm that you are over 16 years of age or that you have the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
If you have any questions, you can also contact us using a form provided for this purpose on the website. In this case, you are required to state your email address so that we can answer your questions. Other details (e.g. name and phone number) may be provided voluntarily and are marked accordingly.
Alternatively, you may contact us using the email address provided. In such cases, we store your personal data transmitted in the email.
Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR provides the legal basis for data processing for the purpose of establishing contact. Additionally, Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR provides the legal basis for processing data where the purpose of the email contact is to conclude a contract.
The personal data collected by us shall be erased after your question has been answered.
3.3.3. Newsletter
You may only register for the newsletter if you are aged 16 and above or if you have the consent of a parent or legal guardian. By registering for the newsletter, you thereby confirm that you are over 16 years of age or that you have the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
Where you have given us your express consent to do so pursuant to Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR, we shall use your email address to send you our newsletter at regular intervals.
For newsletter registration, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure. This means that, after you have provided us with your email address, we send a confirmation email to this address asking you to confirm that you wish to receive the newsletter. If you do not confirm this within 24 hours, your registration will be automatically deleted. If you confirm that you would like to receive the newsletter, we will store your email address until such time as you unsubscribe from the newsletter. We store your data solely for the purpose of sending you the newsletter. Additionally, we also store the time of registration and confirmation, as well as the IP addresses used by you, to prevent any misuse of your personal data.
You may withdraw your consent to have the newsletter sent to you at any time. You can withdraw your consent by clicking on the link provided in each newsletter email, by way of the online contact form, by sending an email to shop[at]paul-hewitt.com or by contacting us using the contact details stated in the Legal Notice, without incurring costs other than the transmission costs charged at the basic rates. Your data shall not be forwarded to third parties.
The only mandatory information required to send you our newsletter is your email address. The provision of other separately marked data is voluntary and shall be used solely to personalise the newsletter. This data shall also be completely erased where consent is withdrawn.
3.3.4. Chat
The PAUL HEWITT website uses Userlike, a live chat software from the company Userlike UG (limited). Userlike uses ‘cookies’, text files, which are stored on your computer and enable personal conversation in the form of a real-time chat on the site. The data collected will not be used to personally identify visitors to our website and will not be merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym.
Depending on the nature of the conversation with our employees, additional personal data may be generated in the chat, entered by you. The nature of this information depends on your request or the problem you have. All information that you share in the chat with our employees is done so voluntarily.
You may only contact us via the live chat if you are aged 16 and above or if you have the consent of a parent or legal guardian. By using this function, you thereby confirm that you are over 16 years of age or that you have the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
The legal basis for data processing in the context of the use of the chat function is your consent acc. Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR, which you can revoke at any time. Additionally, Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR provides the legal basis for processing data where the purpose of the email contact is to conclude a contract.
The personal data collected by us shall be erased after your question has been answered.
For more information, please refer to the privacy policy on the website: https://www.userlike.com/en/terms#privacy-policy .
3.4. USE OF YOUR DATA FOR DIRECT MARKETING
Besides processing your data for the purpose of completing your purchase, we also use your data in individual cases to communicate with you concerning the purchase of our goods and to recommend similar products from our range (e.g. watches, jewellery and accessories) that might be of interest to you.
Section 6 (1) f) provides the legal basis for transmitting these direct marketing measures following the sale of goods or services.
You may object to the use of your personal data for the aforementioned marketing purposes at any time, either for all measures or for individual measures, without incurring costs other than the transmission costs charged at the basic rates. Notification in text form (e.g. email, letter) to the contact addresses specified in 1 and 2 above shall be sufficient in that respect.
4. Disclosure of data
We shall only disclose your data to third parties (data recipients) where:
you have given us your express consent to do so pursuant to Art. 6 (1) a) GDPR;
the disclosure of said data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR is necessary to safeguard our legitimate interests and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding and legitimate interest in not allowing your data to be disclosed;
there is a legal obligation to disclose said data pursuant to Art. 6 (1) c) GDPR;
this is necessary to execute contractual relationships with you pursuant to Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR;
we engage a processor to process the data in compliance with Art. 28 GDPR.
Your personal data shall not be disclosed for purposes other than those specified above.
5. Further information
Pursuant to Art. 13 (1) f) GDPR, please note that, for the purposes of contract fulfilment, we may be required to transmit personal data to PAUL HEWITT Trading (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., Room 311‐08, 3F New Times Plaza, No. 1 Taizi Road, Shekou, Nanshan District, Shenzhen 518067, China or to our Fulfillment Center PAUL HEWITT US, B Walker Street, Unit D, 7/F, King Yip Factory Building, US-10731 Cypress, USA. China and the USA are not subject to any adequacy decision, which is why we apply the standard contractual clauses of the European Commission in this respect. Further information and the option to receive copies of these clauses are available here: https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/DE/TXT/?uri=CELEX:32010D0087
Pursuant to Art. 13 (2) e) GDPR, please note that the provision of your personal data to us is neither a statutory nor a contractual requirement. The fields marked as mandatory in the order process are, however, necessary for the conclusion of a contract. You are under no obligation to provide us with your personal data. Failure to provide personal data shall have no negative consequences for you.
6. Rights of the data subject
You have the right
pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR, to request access to the personal data that we have processed in relation to you.
pursuant to Art. 16 GDPR, to request the rectification of any incorrect or incomplete personal data we have stored in relation to you;
pursuant to Art. 17 GDPR, to request the erasure of personal data that we have stored in relation to you;
pursuant to Art. 18 GDPR, to request the restriction of processing of your personal data;
pursuant to Art. 20 GDPR, to request the provision of the personal data provided to us by you in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have this data transmitted to another controller;
pursuant to Art. 7 (3) GDPR, to withdraw any consent granted to us by you at any time. This means that, in future, we shall not be permitted to continue with the processing of the data for which this consent was granted, and
pursuant to Art. 77 GDPR, to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. As a general rule, you can address this complaint to the competent supervisory authority at your usual place of residence or work or at our place of business.
Provided that your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR, insofar as there are reasons for this relating to your particular situation or where the objection refers to direct marketing. In the latter case, you have a general right of objection that will be implemented by us without reference to a particular situation.
Please address any queries and/or declarations concerning your above rights by email to datenschutz[at]paul-hewitt.com or to the address specified in Section 1 (2) above.
7. Web tracking
7.1. Social plug-ins of Facebook
The PAUL HEWITT website uses so-called social plug-ins (‘plug-ins’) of the social network Facebook, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (‘Facebook’). The plug-ins are marked with a Facebook logo or the addition ‘social plug-in of Facebook’ or ‘Facebook social plug-in’. You can find an overview of the Facebook plug-ins and what they look like here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
If you access a page of our website that contains such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted directly to your browser by Facebook and integrated into the page. This integrated content allows Facebook to receive information that your browser has accessed the respective page of our website even if you do not have a Facebook profile or are currently not logged into Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly from your browser to a Facebook server in the USA and stored there.
If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can directly link your visit to our website to your Facebook profile. If you interact with plug-ins, for example, by pressing the ‘Like’ button or posting a comment, this information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information is also published on your Facebook profile and is then visible to your Facebook friends.
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, your rights with regard to the above and settings to protect your privacy can be found in Facebook’s Data Privacy Policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
If you do not want Facebook to directly link the information collected on your visit to our website to your Facebook profile, you should log out of Facebook before visiting our website. You can also prevent Facebook plug-ins from being uploaded by installing add-ons in your browser, for example,
for Mozilla Firefox: https://addons.mozilla.org/de/firefox/addon/facebook-blocker/
7.2. Social plug-ins of Google+
The PAUL HEWITT website uses so-called social plug-ins (‘plug-ins’) of the social network Google+, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (‘Google’). The plug-ins can be recognised, for example, by the ‘+1’ button on a white or coloured background. You can find an overview of the Google plug-ins and what they look like here: https://developers.google.com/+/plugins
If you access a page of the PAUL HEWITT website that contains such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Google servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted directly to your browser by Google and integrated into the page. This integrated content allows Google to receive information that your browser has accessed the respective page of our website even if you do not have a Google+ profile or are currently not logged into Google+. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly from your browser to a Google server in the USA and stored there.
If you are logged into Google+, Google can directly link your visit to our website to your Google+ profile. If you interact with plug-ins, for example, by pressing the ‘+1’ button, this information is also transmitted directly to a Google server and stored there. The information is also published on Google+ and is then visible to your contacts.
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Google, your rights with regard to the above and settings to protect your privacy can be found in Google’s Data Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/+/policy/+1button.html
If you do not want Google to directly link the information collected on your visit to our website to your Google+ profile, you should log out of Google+ before visiting our website. You can also completely prevent Google plug-ins from being uploaded by installing add-ons in your browser, for example, the script blocker ‘NoScript’ ( http://noscript.net/ ).
7.3. Social plug-ins of Twitter (e.g. ‘Twitter’ button)
The PAUL HEWITT website uses so-called social plug-ins (‘plug-ins’) of the microblogging service Twitter, operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (‘Twitter’). The plug-ins are marked with a Twitter logo, for example, in the form of a blue ‘Twitter’ bird. You can find an overview of the Twitter plug-ins and what they look like here: https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons
If you access a page of our website that contains such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Twitter servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted directly to your browser by Twitter and integrated into the page. This integrated content enables Twitter to receive information that your browser has accessed the respective page of our website even if you do not have a Twitter profile or are currently not logged into Twitter. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly from your browser to a Twitter server in the USA and stored there.
If you are logged into Twitter, Twitter can directly link your visit to our website with your Twitter profile. If you interact with plug-ins, for example, by pressing the ‘Twitter’ button, this information is also transmitted directly to a Twitter server and stored there. The information is also published on your Twitter account and is then visible to your contacts.
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Twitter, your rights with regard to the above and settings to protect your privacy can be found in Twitter’s Data Privacy Policy: https://twitter.com/privacy
If you do not want Twitter to directly link the information collected on your visit to our website to your Twitter profile, you should log out of Twitter before visiting our website. You can also completely prevent Twitter plug-ins from being uploaded by installing add-ons in your browser, for example, the script blocker ‘NoScript’ ( http://noscript.net/ ).
7.4. Social plug-ins of Instagram
The PAUL HEWITT website uses so-called social plug-ins (‘plug-ins’) of Instagram, operated by Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA (‘Instagram’). The plug-ins are marked with an Instagram logo, for example, in the form of an ‘Instagram camera’. You can find an overview of the Instagram plug-ins and what they look like here: http://blog.instagram.com/post/36222022872/introducing-instagram-badges
If you access a page of the PAUL HEWITT website that contains such a plug-in, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Instagram servers. The content of the plug-in is transmitted directly to your browser by Instagram and integrated into the page. This integrated content enables Instagram to receive information that your browser has accessed the respective page of our website even if you do not have a Instagram profile or are currently not logged into Instagram. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted directly from your browser to an Instagram server in the USA and stored there.
If you are logged into Instagram, Instagram can directly link your visit to our website to your Instagram account. If you interact with plug-ins, for example, by pressing the ‘Instagram’ button, this information is also transmitted directly to an Instagram server and stored there. The information is also published on your Instagram account and is then visible to your contacts.
Information on the purpose and scope of data collection, the further processing and use of the data by Instagram, your rights with regard to the above and settings to protect your privacy can be found in Instagram’s Data Privacy Policy: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388/
If you do not want Instagram to directly link the information collected on your visit to our website to your Instagram profile, you should log out of Instagram before visiting our website. You can also completely prevent Instagram plug-ins from being uploaded by installing add-ons in your browser, for example, the script blocker ‘NoScript’ ( http://noscript.net/ ).
7.5. Sovendus
Sovendus GmbH special offers:
In order to send you special offers that are currently relevant and interesting in your particular region, we pseudonymise your title, year of birth, country, postcode, (anonymised) hash value of the email address and your IP address and transmit this information to Sovendus GmbH, Moltkestr. 11, 76133 Karlsruhe, Germany (Sovendus) in encrypted form (Art. 6 (1) b) GDPR). The IP address is used by Sovendus solely for purposes of data security and is usually anonymised after seven days.
If you click on a special offer, we will forward your name, your address and your email address to Sovendus in encrypted form (Art. 6 (1) b) and f) GDPR) for the purpose of preparing the personalised request for the special offer from the product supplier.
Sovendus GmbH coupon offers:
If you are interested in a coupon offer from Sovendus GmbH, Moltkestr. 11, 76133 Karlsruhe, Germany (Sovendus) and click on the coupon banner, we will forward your title, name and email address to Sovendus in encrypted form (Art. 6 (1) b) and f) GDPR) for the purpose of preparing the coupon. The IP address is transmitted first; this is used by Sovendus solely for purposes of data security and is usually anonymised after seven days. We also forward the order number, order value and currency, session ID, coupon code and timestamp to Sovendus in pseudonymised form for invoicing purposes.
Please see the online data protection information provided at www.sovendus.de/datenschutz, www.sovendus.at/datenschutz or www.sovendus.ch/datenschutzfor further information on the processing of your data by Sovendus.
7.6. Integration of the Trusted Shops Trustbadge
The Trusted Shops Trustbadge is integrated into this website to enable the Trusted Shops trustmark, any customer reviews and the range of Trusted Shops products to be displayed to buyers following an order.
In balancing the various interests, this serves to safeguard our legitimate overriding interests in the optimal marketing of our product range. The Trustbadge and the services advertised by it are an offer of Trusted Shops GmbH, Subbelrather Str. 15C, 50823 Cologne, Germany.
When the Trustbadge is retrieved, the web server automatically stores a so-called server log file which contains, for example, your IP address, the date and time of retrieval, the transmitted data volume and the requesting provider (access data). It also documents the retrieval. This access data is not evaluated and is automatically overwritten seven days after your visit to the website.
Other personal data shall only be forwarded to Trusted Shops if you decide, after placing an order, to use Trusted Shops products or have already registered to use them. In this case, the contractual agreement concluded between you and Trusted Shops shall apply.
7.7. Web analysis using Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses so-called cookies (i.e. text files) which are stored on your computer and enable an analysis of how you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is normally sent to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If IP anonymisation has been enabled on this website, however, your IP address will first be truncated by Google within the member states of the European Union or in other countries that are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports about website activity and to provide the website operator with other services relating to website activity and Internet usage.
The IP address transmitted by Google Analytics from your browser will not be combined with any other data held by Google.
You can prevent the storage of cookies on your computer by adjusting your browser settings accordingly; we should point out, however, that in this case you may not be able to use all of this website’s functions to their full extent.
You may also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP address) for Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension ‘_anonymizeIp()’. This allows further processing of the truncated IP addresses, thereby preventing any direct connection being established to a particular individual.
Google Analytics is used in compliance with the requirements agreed on by the German Data Protection Authorities and Google. Third-party provider details: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001
Terms and Conditions of Use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/en.html
Data protection overview: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Data Privacy Policy: http://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy
7.8. Doubleclick by Google
DoubleClick by Google is a service offered by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (‘Google’), which is used by PAUL HEWITT. DoubleClick by Google uses cookies to display relevant PAUL HEWITT ads to users. In this case, a pseudonymous identification number (ID) is installed on your browser to check which ads are displayed in your browser and which ads are viewed. The cookies do not contain any personal information. The use of DoubleClick cookies enables Google and its partner websites to only display ads on the basis of previous visits to our PAUL HEWITT online shop or to other websites on the Internet. The information generated by the cookies is sent by Google for analysis to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This data shall only be transmitted by Google to third parties on grounds of statutory regulations or for order data processing. Google shall not combine your data with other data collected by Google. By using our PAUL HEWITT online shop, you thereby consent to the processing of the personal data collected by Google relating to you in the manner described above and for the specified purpose. You can prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting your browser settings accordingly; PAUL HEWITT points out, however, that in this case not all functions of our online shop may be available to you to their full extent. You may also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website for Google, as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under ‘DoubleClick opt-out extension’ at this link . Alternatively, you can disable the DoubleClick cookies on the Digital Advertising Alliance website at this link .
7.9. Google Maps
This website uses the map service Google Maps by way of an API. The provider of this service is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
The storage of your email address is required to enable you to use the Google Maps feature. This information is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. The provider of this website has no influence over the data transmitted.
Google Maps is used in the interests of ensuring that our website is visually appealing to the user and that the locations specified on the website are easy to find. This constitutes a legitimate interest within the meaning of Art. 6 (1) f) GDPR.
You can find more information on how your user data is handled in Google’s Data Privacy Policy: https://www.google.de/intl/en/policies/privacy/ .
8. Location tracking service
The PAUL HEWITT website can determine the geographic location of your device. The collection of the data serves only to provide you with information that could be interesting and relevant for you on grounds of your geographic location.
9. Validity of and amendments to this Data Privacy Policy
This Data Privacy Policy is currently valid and was last updated in May 2018.
It may be necessary to amend this Data Privacy Policy as a result of ongoing improvements to our website and our range of services or due to revised statutory or official regulations.
The currently valid Data Privacy Policy can be viewed on the website at https://www.paul-hewitt.com/en/eu/privacy and printed out at any time.
Viewed
Register now
In the future, I would like to be informed about products, trends, novelties or offers & vouchers by PAUL HEWITT by e-mail. This consent can be revoked at any time in the customer account or at the end of each e-mail.
Customer service
Our types of payment
* Voucher only valid for SALE articles. Cannot be combined with other actions and only valid in the online shop. All prices including VAT. If so, taxes and duties on delivery in non-European-countries added.
Sign up for newsletter
and get 10USD off!
