your username
your password
Last Updated: January 23, 2018
Welcome to TettyBetty website available at: www.tettybetty.com (the “Site”), provided to you by TettyBetty (the “Company”, “we”, “our” or “us”). This cookies policy (the “Policy”) is designed to provide you with important information about our data collection practices using cookies that are involved with your access to or use of the Site and related services we make available via the Site (the “Services”) and to explain to you what cookies are, how and why we use cookies on our Site, the types of cookies we use, how third parties we may partner with may use cookies, your choices regarding cookies (how can you reset your browser at any time, so it refuses all or some cookies, or notifies you when a cookie is being sent) and further information about cookies.
This Policy constitutes an integral part of our Privacy Policy available via the Site (“Privacy Policy”), which constitutes an integral part of the Terms of Service available via the Site (“Terms”, and collectively, the “Agreement”) and unless mentioned otherwise, the same terms that are defined under the Terms, will apply to this Policy.
By accessing, engaging or otherwise using the Site or the Services, you provide your consent to the terms of this Policy, and to the use of cookies, as described in this Policy. If you disagree with any term provided herein, please do not access or use the Site or any of the Services.
In this document
what are cookies?
Third party cookies
1.    WHAT ARE COOKIES?
As described in our Privacy Policy, we collect information in a few ways, one of which is cookies. A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your device’s (computer, tablet or mobile phone) web browser when you first visit a website and is stored on your device hard drive. Cookies usually include an identification number that is unique to the device you are using. Such identifier can help to track on-line traffic flow, to better understand our users and how they are using the Site and the Services, their level of engagement and general preferences. Cookies also enable recognition of users when they re-visit the Site, keeping their settings and preferences and ability to offer customized features and a more personalized web experience.
Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies.
If you continue to access, engage or otherwise use the Site or the Services, without changing your settings, we will assume that you consent to such use of cookies. Please remember that you can change your cookies settings  at any time to control cookies placement through limiting or forbidding our website to place cookies on your device and to disable unwanted cookies already stored on your device, by changing your browser’s settings, as explained below under Users choices.
2.    HOW WE USE COOKIES AND WHY?
When you access and use the Site and Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for a variety of purposes, including the following purposes: to track the on-line traffic flow of our Site, to better understand our users and how they are using the Site and Services, their level of engagement and general preferences, in order to provide them with a better and personalized user experience, to recognize users when they re-visit the Site, keeping their settings and preferences in order to offer them customized features and a more personalized web experience, to enable certain functions of the Site and Services, to provide analytics and to enable advertisements delivery, including targeted and behavioral advertising.
3.    THE TYPES OF COOKIES USED ON OUR SITE
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Services and we use different types of cookies to run the Site and Services, as follows:
Strictly necessary cookies – these cookies are necessary for the Site to function properly, to improve security and to prevent fraudulent activity and cannot be switched off in our systems. If you set your browser to refuse these cookies, some parts of the Site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Analytics and Performance-related cookies – these cookies allow us to assess and improve the performances of our Site and Services, including improving the content offered through our Services. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, and help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. The data collected is not shared with any other party. The information we get through the use of these cookies is anonymized and we make no attempt to identify you, or influence your experience of the Site while you are visiting it. If you do not allow these cookies, the loss of the information stored in a preference cookie may make the Site experience less functional but should not prevent it from working. In addition, we will not be able to include your visit in our statistics. If you have used a Do Not Track browser setting, we take this as a sign that you do not want to allow these cookies, and they will be blocked.
Functionality-related cookies: these cookies tell us, for example, whether you have visited our Site before or if you are a new visitor and help us to identify the features in which you may have the greatest interest.
Targeting and Advertising-related cookies:  these cookies allow us to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on our Site and Services and third party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content. We have set out further information about the use of Cookies by third parties below.
 
­­­
In addition to our own cookies, third parties (such as advertising networks, content providers that deliver ads on our Site and our analytics partners) may also use various cookies to uniquely distinguish your web browser and keep track of information relating to your interaction with the Site and Services, to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
Some of these third parties may combine information they collect from our Site with other information they have independently collected relating to your browser’s activities across other online services. These third parties collect and use this information under their own privacy policies.
You may at any given time block cookies of third party networks (opt out) by going to their Website and following the directions there. The effect of opting out of a third party networks is explained on each opt out page. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any such opt-out options.
USER CHOICES
You can change your cookies settings  at any time to control cookies placement through limiting or forbidding our Site to place cookies on your device and to disable unwanted cookies already stored on your device, by changing your browser’s privacy preferences (please visit the help pages of your web browser). Please note, however, that if you disable cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer or some of the features may not function properly, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly. We might, at our sole discretion, delete old cookies after a few weeks in case no activity on Site occurs from a user.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept HTTP cookies. The “help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, or restrict the categories of cookies you wish to accept, you can consult the information at  www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ .
FURTHER INFORMATION ABOUT COOKIES
You can learn more about cookies at the following third-party websites:
Network Advertising Initiative: http://www.networkadvertising.org/
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Policy from time to time, so please review it regularly. In addition, If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by posting notification on the Site or otherwise through the Services 7 days before such changes become effective. Otherwise, any non-material change will be reflected by the “last updated” date at the top of this Policy. Any such change will be in full force and effect upon its publication. In addition, and as explained above, the list of the cookies used on this Site is dynamically updated whenever new cookies are encountered and classified by our Site team.
CONTACT US
 
