Last Updated: May 22, 2018
Big Cartel, LLC (“Big Cartel”, “we” or “us”) provides software programs and services to independent merchants to allow them to host online storefronts and market to their customers (collectively, “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains how Big Cartel collects, uses, and discloses information from merchants when they visit our websites, register for the Services, or otherwise interact with us.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
This privacy policy applies to the data we collect from and about individuals who set up accounts with us, whom we refer to as “merchants,” as well as individuals who visit our website or communicate with us  only. Please note that all online stores hosted or supported by Big Cartel, including those linked from Bigcartel.com, are independently operated by the merchants providing them. Big Cartel does not own or operate any merchant stores and is not responsible for the privacy practices of its merchants. If you visit any storefronts provided by Big Cartel merchants, we encourage you to review and become familiar with their privacy policies and to direct any questions or concerns you have about their data practices to the merchant you are visiting.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
When you create an account with us, we collect information about you and your store. For example, we ask you to provide your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other basic contact information as well as payment information. We also collect information about your store, including its name, URL, and description. You may also choose to provide information about social network accounts that you want to connect with your store. We may collect additional information when you participate in any interactive features of the Services, fill out a form, apply for a job, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us.
Automatically Collected Information
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, app version, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use different technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we may collect information about you from third parties, including but not limited to identity verification services, credit bureaus, mailing list providers and publicly available sources.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve our Services, such as to administer your account, host your storefront, and help to administer payments. We also use the information we collect to:
Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages and to respond to your comments, questions and customer service requests;
Communicate with you about products, services, and offers and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Big Cartel and others; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is advisable or required, including to comply with any law, legal process or a request by public authorities or third parties;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Big Cartel or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Big Cartel and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices or, if you are in the European Economic Area, www.youronlinechoices.eu .
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Other Countries
Big Cartel is based in the U.S. As such, we and our service providers may transfer your information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
Your Choices
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account or emailing us at support@bigcartel.com . You may close your account through your online dashboard or by emailing us at support@bigcartel.com , but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Big Cartel by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Residents of the European Economic Area
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data.
Legal Basis for Processing
If you are a resident of the EEA, when we process your personal data we will only do so in the following situations:
We need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., providing the services you have requested).
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, we may process your personal data to send you marketing communications, to communicate with you about changes to our Services, to address issues related to your store or account, and to provide, secure, and improve our Services.
Data Subject Requests
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, erased, or transferred. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. If you would like to make any of these requests  you can log into your your online dashboard. Alternatively, you may contact us as indicated below.
Questions or Complaints
If you are a resident of the EEA and have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: support@bigcartel.com .
Related articles
