Purplemath Privacy Statement
This is the website of Purplemath, Inc. This website has been created and is maintained by Elizabeth Stapel, president of Purplemath, Inc. This website may be referred to as "Purplemath", "purplemath.com", "Purplemath.com", or, hereinafter, "our Web page", "we", or "us", etc. People who view pages on our Web page are referred to as "visitor(s)", "user(s)", or "you(r)".
Purplemath's postal address is:
P.O. Box 493
Addison, IL 60101-0493
Purplemath may be reached via e-mail at stapel@purplemath.com or via the site's contact form .
TL;DR If all you've done is visit Purplemath (and maybe surf around a bit), then we have no idea who you are, where you're from, or where else on the Internet you've been. And we won't tell anybody that you've been here.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the visitor's IP address, the page being visited, the time spent on that page, the page from which the visitor came, the browser being used to view those pages, the device on which that browser is running (such as an iPad or a mobile phone), and (possibly) the user's general geographic location (from the IP address provided by the user's Internet Service Provider), but not the visitor's e-mail address, phone number, name, or any other personally-identifying information. The only way we would receive any personally-identifying information would be for the visitor to contact us and provide this information to us directly, such as by sending a message via the site's contact form. None of this information is ever shared with anyone.
We are able to access the Web server's information in the form of aggregated information contained in server logs. But these logs are huge files, so we don't actually use them anymore. Instead, we rely on Quantcast , a third-party tracker, for generalized information . Google's Analytics also provides some similar information , such as how many computers loaded a particular lesson page on a particular recent day; the settings for tracking "Demographics" (age or gender) and "Interests" (for marketing) are disabled within the Analytics package.
This information may be used to improve the content of our Web page; used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor; disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws; or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to track generic traffic profiles. (For instance, if you've seen one particular ad, then the Purplemath-specific ad-server will recognize your computer, for that session, and will try not to show you the same ad again. And, if you've clicked "Got it!" on the cookie-consent banner, the server will know not to nag you on the topic.)
If you supply us with your postal address, you will only receive the information, correspondence, or product for which you provided us with said address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream or behavioral information; but not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to our and other Web pages in order to provide advertisements about goods and services believed to be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, kindly please consult the privacy policies of Google , AdPushup , Adversal , Amazon , AppNexus , Chegg , Conversant , Criteo , Exponential , MathHelp.com , Mathway , Media.net , PageFair (statistics only), RevContent , and WyzAnt . (See also NAI Principles .) All Purplemath advertisers, affiliates, and networks are believed to be compliant with GDPR. All tracking via Purplemath's Revive adserver is completely anonymized. For specifics, please review our Cookies page.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, please check back at our Web site periodically.
Users may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address or using our contact form .
Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to communications that the consumer / visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, if any, and a description of information that we maintain about them.
Visitors can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address, or using the contact form.
Upon request, we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, transaction information, or communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.
Users can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, or by using our contact form .
With respect to security: We collect no sensitive or personalized information from visitors in the course of their surfing Purplemath.com. We share no information provided by users (email addresses, etc) with any third parties.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the our mailing address (above), our e-mail address (above), or our contact form
URL: https://www.purplemath.com/privacy.htm
