Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how National Charity  Services uses and protects any information that you give National  Charity Services when you use this website.
National Charity Services is committed to ensuring  that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain  information by which you can be identified when using this website, then  you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this  privacy statement.
National Charity Services may change this policy from  time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from  time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy  is effective from 10/7/2007.
What we collect
name and job title
contact information including email address,  phone number and your address
demographic information such as postal code,  preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys  and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs  and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the  following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our  products and services.
From time to time, we may also use your  information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact  you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to  customize the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is  secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have  put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to  safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
NCS Forum
If you use the NCS Forum function on this Web site,  you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you  submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these  forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not  responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to  submit in these forums.
Cookies
We do not use cookies or any other tracking  technologies on our web site. No information is automatically collected  or logged through our web site.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of  interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you  should note that we do not have any control over that other website.  Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of  any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such  sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise  caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in  question.                 Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of  your personal information in the following ways:
If you wish to update, edit or delete the  personal information you have submitted to our web site, please email us  at info@charitydispatch.com .
We will not sell, share or rent your information  to any third parties unless as disclosed in this privacy statement.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally  identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that  disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a  judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web  site.
If you choose to use our referral service to email a  friend about one of our listings, we will ask you for your friend’s  email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email  inviting him or her to visit the site. National Charity Services does  not store this information. Your friend may contact us at  info@charitydispatch.com to request that we remove this information from  our database.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will  post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other  places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we  collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we  disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement  at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material  changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means  of a notice on our home page.
National Charity Services
Washington, DC 20018
If you believe that any information we are holding on  you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as  possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information  found to be incorrect.
Privacy Statement Updates
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@charitydispatch.com.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Public Forums
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at info@charitydispatch.com.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Charity Dispatch Latest Blog Posts
