uncountable noun
If you have privacy, you are in a place or situation that allows you to do things without other people seeing you or disturbing you.
He resented the publication of this book, which he saw as an embarrassing invasion of his privacy.
Thatched pavilions provide shady retreats for relaxing and reading in privacy.
COBUILD Advanced English Dictionary. Copyright © HarperCollins Publishers
Video: pronunciation of 'privacy'
nounWord forms: plural ˈprivacies
1. 
the quality or condition of being private; withdrawal from company or public view ; seclusion
2. 
secrecy
an invasion of one's privacy
Webster’s New World College Dictionary, 4th Edition. Copyright © 2010 by Houghton Mifflin Harcourt. All rights reserved.
Word origin of 'privacy'
Word Frequency
2. 
3. philosophy
the condition of being necessarily restricted to a single person
Collins English Dictionary. Copyright © HarperCollins Publishers
Example sentences containing 'privacy'
These examples have been automatically selected and may contain sensitive content. Read more…
Employers should inform employees of the company’s policy on data security and privacy. Computing (2010)But there's definitely times when your privacy is invaded . Times, Sunday Times (2016)Such stories are reminders to not rely on privacy settings offered by social networks and to not do things online you do not want people to see. Computing (2010)A spokeswoman for the school said :'Our policy is to protect the privacy of our pupils and we do not comment on individuals. The Sun (2017)Yet still a judge protects his privacy and gives him a lenient sentence . The Sun (2010)We pastors must help our people to respect privacy of the famous person. Christianity Today (2000)We piled up desks and used old blankets as curtains to provide privacy. Stewart, Bob (Lt-Col) Broken Lives (1993)There are no secrets or privacy here. The Sun (2011)What are the changes to its privacy settings really about? Times, Sunday Times (2012)The answer lies in the privacy of the home . Times, Sunday Times (2011)We are proud of our track record of protecting user privacy. Times, Sunday Times (2009)Privacy settings may not be enough to split your personal and working lives. Times, Sunday Times (2008)She honoured the promise in the privacy of her home. The Sun (2015) Front gardens provide extra privacy and security. Times, Sunday Times (2012)Privacy settings allow you to limit what information is available to whom. Times, Sunday Times (2006)It would not invade my home or my privacy. Times, Sunday Times (2012)The public industry norm information can have a powerful effect on organisations that opt for secrecy or privacy. Times, Sunday Times (2010)View our privacy policy at nidp. The Sun (2012)So blinds are available for people 's privacy. The Sun (2014)The Sun has known of his condition for months but kept it secret on privacy grounds. The Sun (2015)He argues that there is no remedy for people whose privacy has been infringed other than to go to the courts after publication . Times, Sunday Times (2011)The maze is a place of dark nooks, unexpected privacy and uncovered secrets. Times, Sunday Times (2011)The right to privacy gives people a space for intimacy , independence of action and freedom of speech . Times, Sunday Times (2009)To be ethical , research must be highly sensitive to the implications of invading the privacy of persons being studied. Appelbaum, Richard P. Sociology (1995)
Quotations
Synonyms of 'privacy'
Trends of 'privacy'
In Common Usage. privacy is one of the 10000 most commonly used words in the Collins dictionary
View usage over:
Translations for 'privacy'
British English: privacy /ˈpraɪvəsɪ; ˈprɪvəsɪ/ NOUN
Privacy is the fact of being alone so that you can do things without being seen or disturbed.
You can do these exercises in the privacy of your own home.
Create an account and sign in to access this FREE content
