Click the heart to
Only the Best
the best shopping experience!
we protect it like it's our own!
No Spam
hear from us. Unsubscribe anytime!
Clear Communication
We're happy to answer!
You may contact us regarding this policy by emailing privacy@lulus.com or through the mail:  Lulus, attn: Privacy, 195 Humboldt Ave., Chico, CA 95928.
Under the Lulus Terms of Service, you must be at least 18 years old and not a person barred from receiving services under the laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions to use our website.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit personal information to us or use the website.
To provide you with services, including access to our website, we need to collect and process some information about you (your “personal information”). By using our website, you agree that we may do that in the ways described below.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS FOR ANY REASON, YOU MAY SIMPLY STOP USING THE WEBSITE.
We may amend or change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes to the Privacy Policy will be posted to our website.
Information Collected
To personalize your contact or website experiences
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
Email
To send updates about your order
To contact you regarding issues around your order, experience, contests entered, or requested product information
To update you on items in your cart
To keep you up to date about Lulus products and promotions. We will only send you these emails with your permission, and you can unsubscribe at any time – just use the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any Lulus email
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
Phone Number
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
To support you as a customer when requested
Shipping Address
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
To allow us to understand and improve the experience for users like you
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
To send a birthday gift, if you are subscribed to our promotional emails
Birth Year
Information Collected
Our payment partners require this information to process an order
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
Generic Payment Type
To give reference for support issues
To alert you when we detect or are verifying fraudulent activity
To allow us to understand and improve the experience for users like you
Last Four Digits of Credit Card
To provide convenience for you when you choose to order again
Information Collected
Email Correspondence
To respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed
For a historic record of your contacts to save time during your inquiries
To ensure issues and questions you raised are proactively addressed for other customers
To train our staff to ensure the best experience possible for all customers who contact us
Phone Correspondence
To respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed
To train our staff to ensure the best experience possible for all customers who contact us
Live Chat Logs
To respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed
For a historic record of your contacts to save time during your inquiries
To train our staff to ensure the best experience possible for all customers who contact us
Survey or Site Feedback
To respond to your requests to make sure you receive great customer service and ensure that any and all concerns or issues have been addressed
To improve the experience for you and other users
Information Collected
To allow you to return and review delivered items
To tailor your experience around your interests
To improve our product selection and experience for you and other users
To help our buyers make sure we have the best items in stock for you and other customers
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
Items Added to Your Cart
To allow your order to be completed smoothly when you’re ready to check out
To update you on items in your cart, including low quantity or sale status
To tailor your experience around your interests
Wishlist Items
To allow you to save, organize, recall, and share items you’ve selected
To allow us to personalize product recommendations toward your interests
Loved Items
To allow you quickly recall items and compare items you’ve selected
To allow us to personalize product recommendations towards your interests
Reviewed Items
To better inform other customers about the pros and cons of a product
To provide feedback on fit based on various physical attributes (eg: height, weight, body type, etc.)
To help others see what our clothing looks like in real life
Information Collected
IP Address
To ensure the security of our website and determine, on an anonymous basis, where our customers are located
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus
Device Type
To improve the experience for you and other users like you
To resolve customer issues that center around devices, operating systems, or browsers used
To prevent and detect fraud against either you or Lulus and to keep your data secure
Page Visit History
To improve the experience for you and other users like you
To respond to and resolve any customer issues based on a specific page or page type
Identification Cookies
To provide you with Lulus advertising, including across your devices
To provide you with a personalized shopping experience and ensure our advertising is relevant to you
Information Collected
Uploaded Photos
To help other customers see what our clothing looks like on actual customers
To offer other customers the products and shopping experience most relevant to them
To showcase styling ideas and product fit from other customers
Your Fit Details
To help us better suggest products and sizes for you
To help other customers better understand how products may fit them
To help our buyers keep the best items in stock for you and other customers
To help our customer service representatives guide you to the correct size
Information Collected
Site Review
To improve the experience for you and other users like you
To respond to your requests and ensure you receive great customer service
Blog Comments
When you access or use our website, we collect, use, and otherwise process your personal information as described in this policy. We rely on a number of legal bases to use your information:
As necessary to perform a contract with you or to take steps in preparation for a contract with you, including enabling you to make a purchase from us;
Because you have consented to the processing, such as for receiving marketing messages or third-party data sharing related to advertising;
As necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims;
As necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interests;
As necessary to protect your vital interests, or those of others.
Here are some of our legitimate interests for collecting and processing your personal information:
Detecting and preventing fraud: We have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud. To do so, it is necessary that we collect and retain information about each transaction made at Lulus. Our auditors require that we keep this information so they can verify that all transactions recorded by Lulus were made by real customers. The credit card companies we work with require this information in the event that fraudulent charges are made using your credit card.
Providing access to and improving Lulus.com: We may use your information to improve and customize our website, including sharing of your information for such purposes, and this is necessary to pursue our legitimate interests of improving our website and our products. This is also necessary to enable us to pursue our legitimate interest in understanding how our website is being used, and to develop and expand our customer base. It is also necessary to allow us to pursue our legitimate interest in improving our website’s functionality and in obtaining insights into what our customers and potential customers want.
Providing access to and improving our customer service:  We may use your information to provide you with customer service, and also to improve the service we provide to all customers.  This is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interest in providing great customer service.
Improving our product offerings:  We may use your information to improve the products offered at Lulus, and to inform our buying team so they can provide you and our other customers with a great selection of products.  This is necessary for us to pursue our legitimate interest in being your destination for affordable luxury.
Keeping our website and your data secure: We have a legitimate interest in ensuring the security of our website, including enhancing protection of our company and our customers against spam, harassment, intellectual property infringement, crime, and security risks of all kind.
Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not provide access to your personal information to third parties for any unauthorized purpose.  We never sell or share your contact information to other companies for their direct marketing purposes.
Lulus works closely with third-party businesses (our “vendors”) for a variety of purposes, including assisting us to perform and improve the Lulus website, to deliver your orders, and to provide advertising and email services. These vendors include payment processors, research companies, and analytics and security providers. These third parties have only limited access to your information, and may use your information only to perform these tasks on our behalf. We take reasonable steps to require that any such vendor complies with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
It is necessary for us to share your information with some of our vendors in order to complete our contract with you; for example, to allow them to process payments and shipments and to help us keep our website secure. Other vendors help us improve our website and our products; for example, by helping us conduct research into how we could better serve our customers, or reach new customers. We have a legitimate interest in working with these vendors to improve our business. We rely on your consent (which can be withdrawn at any time) to send marketing messages and for third-party sharing relating to advertising.
Lulus also may share demographic information about our website visitors with vendors, but it will be aggregated and de-personalized, so personal information is not revealed.
Your information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy even if we undergo a business transition. However, we may transfer your information to a successor person or entity upon an acquisition or other corporate reorganization. You hereby consent to such transfers, and agree that we may assign and transfer all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations of this Privacy Policy to a successor person or entity.
We may also disclose your information if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or if acting with a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with legal process; (2) enforce this Policy or the Terms; (3) respond to legal claims; (4) respond to your requests for customer service or transaction completion; or (5) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Lulus, the website’s users or the public.  In these cases, our use of your information may be necessary for the purposes of our or a third party’s legitimate interest in keeping our website secure, preventing harm or crime, enforcing or defending legal rights, or preventing damage. Such use may also be necessary to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise or defend legal claims. It may also be necessary in the public interest (such as to prevent crime).
Much of your information is stored in your Lulus account profile. You may change or correct the information in your account profile by clicking here or emailing privacy@lulus.com . Only your first and last name and email address are required to have an account with Lulus. If you would like to cancel your account entirely, please email privacy@lulus.com .
Depending on your location, such as the EEA or Canada, you may also have certain additional rights with respect to your information, such as:
a)data access and portability (including the right to obtain a copy of your personal data, some of which is available through your account profile);
b) data correction (including the ability to update your personal data, much of which you can change directly using your account settings);
c) data deletion (including the right to have Lulus delete your personal information, except information we are required by law to retain);
d) withdrawal of consent (when we rely on your consent to process your information, such as for our marketing emails); and
e) objection to processing (when our processing is based on legitimate interests; this includes, in limited circumstances, the right to ask Lulus to stop processing your personal data).
If you are located in the EEA or Canada and would like a copy of your data, to have your data corrected, to have your data deleted, to withdraw consent to our further processing your information, or to object to our processing based on legitimate interests, please email privacy@lulus.com with your request and your country of residence.
Unless you are located in the EEA or Canada and have exercised one of your rights listed above, Lulus will retain your information for as long as is necessary for our legitimate business purposes.  Lulus will always retain data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal and financial obligations (for example, to satisfy our auditors, to comply with applicable tax/revenue laws, to enforce our agreements, and as otherwise described in this policy).
Without prejudice to any other rights you may have, if you are located in the EEA or Canada, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection regulator.
When you visit Lulus.com we insert some instructions on your computer or mobile device. These instructions will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of instruction stored on your hard drive or device, not on our website. Cookies provide us with information that we use to enhance your experience on Lulus.com. Right now, there are two basic types of cookies. One is a session cookie which terminates when the user’s session ends. The second is a persistent cookie, which is a text file that remains stored on your computer for a period of time. Your Internet browser contains instructions about how to remove persistent cookies. If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to create or sign in to your account with us or otherwise take full advantage of the Lulus.com website.
We use cookies to collect information, on an aggregate basis, about how Lulus.com is used. This information includes the date and time of visits to Lulus.com and time spent on our website. We also use cookies to learn more about our audience size and usage patterns, to store information about your preferences to allow us to customize our website according to your interests and to provide a more personalized experience, to speed up searches or to recognize you when you return to our website, to identify the pages viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits, page interaction information (such as click, scrolling, etc.) or methods used to browse away from a page, but none of our cookies is intended to identify you personally. You can obtain more information about cookies at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ .
We may also use web beacons. A web beacon is an invisible graphic on a web page or email that is programmed to collect non-personally identifiable information about the use of a given website or newsletter, such as whether or not an email is opened and viewed.
We partner with third parties to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partners may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. These technologies allow a site to recognize your computer or mobile device each time you use Lulus.com. We rely on your consent to drop and read non-technically necessary cookies.
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not respond to browser “do not track” signals.
Although we take reasonable measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of your information, no e-commerce platform, website, electronic database or system is completely secure.
Lulus is located in the United States, and we primarily store your information in the United States. By using our website and/or providing us with information, you are agreeing to transfer and store your data in the United States.
To our international customers: the privacy laws and standards in the United States, including the level of protection applied to your data and the rights of authorities to access your personal information, may differ from those that apply in the country in which you reside. The European Commission has not made a determination that the United States adequately provides safeguards for the transfer of data, and at this time Lulus has not put in place the exact safeguards set forth in GDPR Article 46.  The transfer of your data to the United States is necessary for the performance of our contract with you (so we can process your order) and/or to take pre-contractual measures at your request (i.e. to set up your Lulus account).
At times, we may transfer your personal information outside of the United States, in which case we take reasonable steps to make sure your personal information continues to be appropriately protected.  However, no data transfer system is completely secure.
Sign up for promotional emails for 10% off!
Newsletter Signup
Sign Up
Help
Quick Links
