Privacy & Cookie Policy for UK-based Individuals
Last updated: 6 June 2018
1. General
This privacy policy sets out how Fisher Investments Europe Limited, trading as Fisher Investments UK (“Fisher Investments UK”), and Fisher Asset Management, LLC, trading as Investments (“Fisher Investments”, use information about natural people (“Individuals”). This includes:
prospective clients, clients, and their representatives;
website users;
individuals who agree to participate in market research.
For more information about Fisher Investments UK and Fisher Investments (together referred to as “Fisher”), please see the Regulatory Information section at the bottom of the Fisher Investments UK website.
Fisher is committed to privacy, and will only use information by which individuals can be identified (“Personal Data”) in accordance with this policy. This policy applies to Fisher Investments UK’s website and all interactions of Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments with UK-based Individuals.
Individuals can contact Fisher Investments UK in relation to this policy using the following details:
Fisher Investments UK
London W1T 2RE
+44 0800 144 4731
Individuals can contact Fisher Investments in relation to this policy using the following details:
Fisher Investments 
5525 NW Fisher Creek Drive
Camas, Washington 98607
Individuals can contact the Fisher Data Protection Officer using the following details:
Russ Kuroda, Data Protection Officer
Fisher Investments 
Camas, Washington 98607
2. What Personal Data Fisher Uses
Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments use the following Personal Data for the following categories of Individuals:
Prospective clients, clients, and their representatives:
Fisher Investments UK uses the name, address and email address of Individuals provided by third party list vendors to provide offers for Fisher Investments UK’s informational materials. Such Personal Data may come from public sources and/or such vendors’ private databases.
Fisher Investments UK uses the name, address, telephone numbers, email address, and asset level category of Individuals who provide such information at the time that they request Fisher Investments UK informational materials, and at the time that they express an interest in services offered by Fisher Investments UK.
When Individuals request that Fisher Investments UK provide a suitability assessment and investment strategy recommendation and/or engage Fisher Investments as discretionary investment manager, Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments use the Personal Data which Individuals provide directly, including:
Information provided in the Confidential Client Profile;
Information provided in the Confidential Client Agreement, account statements, account opening documents for Fisher Investments and/or the custodian and any instruction or mandate form with respect to Fisher Investments’ discretionary investment management service;
Information provided to employee representatives of Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments in-person and by telephone, including information Fisher may request from time to time to assist in providing services to the Individual.
To conduct a suitability assessment and design a recommended investment strategy for Individuals, as well as conduct ongoing suitability assessments for clients, Fisher uses information provided by Individuals about their mental and physical health (“Health Data”), including in the context of conducting a proprietary assessment of an Individual’s life expectancy and any impact on the investment time horizon for the Individual’s assets.
Fisher Investments UK is required under the UK Money Laundering, Terrorist Financing and Transfer of Funds Regulations 2017, the EU Directive 2015/849 of 20 May 2015 on the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purposes of money laundering or terrorist financing (“AML Directive”), and other applicable anti-money laundering laws and regulations (collectively “AML Laws”), and Fisher Investments is contractually required to support the custodians’ obligations under AML Laws, to carry out identity verification, sanctions checks, and anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing screens. Accordingly, Fisher uses the name, date of birth and address provided by Individuals seeking to become clients of Fisher Investments to perform a sanctions and anti-money laundering check using the services of a third party service provider, which may reveal information relating to criminal convictions or offences.
Fisher Investments UK is required under the Systems and Controls rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) and the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) to record telephone conversations that relate to activities in financial instruments. Accordingly, certain telephone calls between the Individual and Fisher Investments UK will be recorded.
Website users:
Fisher Investments UK may place ads on publishers' websites or within email content, either directly through the publisher or via a third party. As a result of Individuals interacting with the advertising content, ad server companies will collect Individuals’ domain types, IP address, and clickstream data.
Fisher Investments UK’s website uses cookies and other online tracking technologies that collect information about internet browsing habits and history (collectively referred to in this policy as “cookies”). For more information, please see the cookie policy below in Section 9.
Business contacts at service providers and vendors:
In dealing with service providers and vendors, Fisher obtains information about the business contact, including name, title, name, address, telephone and fax numbers and email address.
Individuals who agree to participate in market research:
When Individuals agree to participate in market research, Fisher uses information about Individuals’ marketing, investment and servicing preferences. Such data is provided directly by Individuals to Fisher or to a third party service provider engaged by Fisher to conduct such market research.
3. Fisher’s Use of Personal Data
Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments may use Personal Data for the following purposes, and upon the legal bases set out in the table below.
Purpose for which Fisher uses Personal Data
Legal Basis upon which Fisher relies
To assess suitability and design an investment strategy recommendation
This includes providing financial analysis.
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is necessary to perform a contract to which the Individual is a party or to take steps at the request of the Individual prior to entering into a contract.
Fisher can also use Health Data for this purpose where Individuals have consented to it.
To provide discretionary investment management services
Fisher Investments can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is necessary to perform a contract to which the Individual is a party.
To verify identity
Fisher Investments UK can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to comply with AML Laws.
To conduct sanctions and anti-money laundering checks
Fisher uses name, date of birth and address to conduct sanctions checks, and anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing screens, which may reveal data concerning criminal convictions or offences.
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to comply with AML Laws.
To offer third party products or services
Fisher Investments Europe can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is necessary to perform a contract to which the Individual is a party or to take steps at the request of the Individual prior to entering into a contract.
To record telephone calls
Fisher Investments UK can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to comply with the FCA rules and MiFID II requirements.
To carry out direct marketing
This includes sending mail and emails to Individuals on lists rented from third party list vendors. It also includes following up and sending promotional material by email, phone or mail to Individuals who requested informational materials and ongoing insights on financial matters and investment management services.
Direct marketing is carried out only by Fisher Investments UK; Fisher Investments does not carry out marketing in the UK.
Fisher Investments UK can use Personal Data for marketing to Individuals on lists where Individuals have consented to it.
Fisher Investments UK can use Personal Data for marketing to Individuals who requested informational materials and ongoing insights from Fisher Investments UK where Individuals have consented to it.
In addition, Fisher Investments UK can use Personal Data for marketing to Individuals who previously requested informational materials from Fisher Investments UK because it is in Fisher Investments UK’s legitimate interest to promote its business to such interested Individuals.
To optimise marketing
This includes analysing website visits to Fisher Investments UK’s website and the number of clicks through the pages to request informational materials. It also includes using cookies to display Fisher Investments UK’s online advertisements to individuals who may be more likely to be interested.
Fisher Investments UK does not collect or receive any Personal Data, including IP addresses, with its cookies. Fisher Investments UK can use cookies for this purpose where Individuals have consented to them.
To conduct market research
This includes conducting market research to ask Individuals about their marketing, investment and servicing preferences.
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose where Individuals have consented to it.
To keep records
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose to comply with applicable financial services laws and regulations (including FCA rules and MiFID II requirements for Fisher Investments UK, and the US Investments Advisers Act of 1940 and US Securities Exchange Commission (“SEC”) regulations for Fisher Investments), the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and local laws implementing GDPR, AML Laws, and other applicable laws and regulations (“Applicable Law”).
In addition, Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose beyond the legally mandated record retention period because it is in Fisher’s legitimate interest to keep data for as long as the statute of limitations so that Fisher can enforce and defend its legal rights.
To share data with regulators and law enforcement officials
This includes sharing information with the FCA, the SEC, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”), the UK Financial Ombudsman Service, the UK Financial Intelligence Unit, and other applicable regulatory and law enforcement bodies, as required.
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to comply with Applicable Law.
To meet Fisher’s obligations under regulations and law
This includes reviewing Personal Data as Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments each carries out its conduct of business obligations, including monitoring the advice process, supervising its representatives, and carrying out its compliance plan.
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to comply with Applicable Law.
To share data with courts and tribunals
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is in Fisher’s legitimate interests to enforce and defend its legal rights.
To train internal staff
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is in Fisher’s legitimate interest to train its workforce to offer the best possible service.
To contact service providers and vendors
This includes contacting business contacts at service providers and vendors using their business contact information, including name, title, telephone number and email address.
Fisher can use Personal Data for this purpose for its legitimate interest in contacting its service providers and vendors.
To suppress Individuals from being contacted
 
Where Fisher has relied upon its ‘legitimate interests’ as a legal basis for a particular purpose, it has performed a ‘balancing test’ to ensure that Individuals’ rights and interests are taken into account when their Personal Data is used. Further information on the balancing test can be obtained by contacting Fisher’s Data Protection Officer.
If Individuals fail to provide Personal Data
Where Fisher needs to collect Personal Data to comply with a legal obligation, or under the terms of a contract Fisher has with an Individual or at the request of an Individual prior to entering a contract, and the Individual does not provide such data, Fisher may not be able to provide services and may need to cancel the contract. Similarly, if an Individual does not consent to providing Health Data for the purpose described above, Fisher may not be able to provide services and may need to cancel the contract. Fisher will notify the Individual if this is the case at the time. If an Individual requesting informational materials and ongoing insights does not consent to receiving the same, Fisher Investments UK will not be able to provide such materials and insights.
4. ‘Special Category Personal Data’ and Data Relating to Criminal Convictions
“Special Category Personal Data” includes data which reveals racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership. It also includes genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying an Individual, data concerning health or data concerning an Individual's sex life or sexual orientation.
As noted above, Fisher collects and uses Health Data to assess suitability with consent of the Individual. In addition, Fisher conducts sanctions and anti-money laundering checks to comply with AML Laws, which may reveal data concerning criminal convictions or offences. The collection or use of any other types of Special Category Personal Data will only be with consent of the Individual.
5. Fisher’s Sharing of Personal Data
Who will Fisher share data with?
Fisher will not sell or lease Individuals’ Personal Data to third parties.
For the purposes listed in section 3 above, Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments may share Personal Data with:
Fisher Investments UK will share information with Fisher Investments, which is its parent company. Fisher Investments acts as a service provider of marketing, human resources, finance, information technology and legal support services to Fisher Investments UK, and also serves as a discretionary investment manager to Individuals in the UK after being introduced by Fisher Investments UK. In these capacities, all data collected and used by Fisher Investments UK will be accessible by Fisher Investments. Fisher Investments is located in the United States; accordingly, Fisher Investments UK has put in place safeguards in the form of Model Clauses with Fisher Investments as described below.
Fisher-authorised vendors, service providers, agents and representatives. These organisations are as follows:
Custodians that hold custody of Individuals’ assets managed by Fisher Investments, as well as custodians, brokers and dealers that execute trade order instructions for Individual clients of Fisher Investments. The custodians holding Individuals’ assets will also have a direct contractual relationship with the Individuals whose assets they hold. Such custodians are generally located in the UK and are subject to applicable Financial Services Laws. If an Individual requests an account held by a custodian located in the United States, Fisher Investments will transfer Personal Data in connection with such account only with consent of the Individual.
Self Invested Pension Plan (“SIPP”) providers in the UK that provide SIPPs to clients of Fisher Investments and that are subject to applicable Financial Services Laws.
Regulatory DataCorp, Inc. (“RDC”) and Tracesmart Ltd. (“TraceSmart”), which carry out the sanctions and anti-money laundering checks on behalf of Fisher as described above in section 3. RDC is located in the United States; accordingly, Fisher has put in place safeguards in the form of Model Clauses with RDC as described below. TraceSmart is based in the UK.
Information technology security providers, such as internet firewall and malware detection providers. Such providers are generally located in the United States; accordingly, Fisher Investments Europe has ensured such providers have safeguards in the form of Model Clauses as described below or are Privacy Shield certified.
Direct marketing agents and service providers, including website host companies that collect Personal Data on behalf of Fisher Investments UK from Individuals interested in Fisher Investments UK’s informational materials, calling service providers that follow up with Individuals who have expressed an interest in Fisher Investments UK’s informational materials, merge-purge service providers that ensure mailing lists are accurate, and mailing service providers that send mail to Individuals on behalf of Fisher Investments UK. Such agents and service providers may be located either within or outside the EEA; Fisher Investments UK has put in place safeguards in the form of Model Clauses with those located outside the EEA as described below.
Providers of third party professional advice, such as lawyers and auditors.
Regulators (such as the FCA, SEC and ICO) and law enforcement organisations, as described above in section 3.
If Fisher Investments UK and/or Fisher Investments sells, transfers or merges part or all of its business, or attempts to do so, then third parties may receive Personal Data.
What safeguards are in place where data is transferred outside of the EEA?
Where data is transferred by Fisher Investments UK to Fisher Investments, Individuals’ data will be transferred to the United States, where the laws do not provide the same level of data protection as the country in which the Individual initially provided the data. Fisher Investments UK will therefore make the transfer in accordance with the European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses (“Model Clauses”). The European Commission has determined that the Model Clauses offer sufficient safeguards to protect Individuals’ privacy and their fundamental rights and freedoms, including the ability to exercise their rights. For more information on EU Standard Data Protection Clauses please visit  https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en . Furthermore, as described above, some of the third party service providers that process Personal Data on behalf of Fisher are located in countries outside the EEA that have not been recognised by the European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection. In these cases, Fisher has put in place measures to ensure that Individuals’ Personal Data is adequately protected, including by having the third party service provider entering into Model Clauses or by ensuring that the third party service provider is certified to the EU-US Privacy Shield. Please contact Fisher using the contact details in section 1 above with any questions about the safeguards in place to protect Personal Data when transferred outside the EEA (including how to obtain a copy or consult these safeguards).
6. Consent
In accordance with applicable data protection laws, Individuals who consent to Fisher using their Personal Data may contact Fisher at any time to say that they withdraw that consent, and that they do not want their Personal Data to be used for those purposes. Individuals may do so by contacting Fisher using the details set out in section 1 above.
When doing so, Individuals should:
ensure that a full name and address and/or email address is provided in exactly the form in which it was originally provided to Fisher to avoid any possible confusion with a different Individual; and
ensure that the particular uses for which consent is being withdrawn are specified. The uses for which Fisher relies on consent are set out in section 3 above.
Individuals may also unsubscribe from direct email marketing via Fisher Investments UK’s online form at  https://www.fisherinvestments.com/en-gb/unsubscribe .
7. Individuals’ Rights
In accordance with applicable data protection laws, Individuals may exercise rights in relation to the Personal Data that Fisher holds about them.
An Individual’s rights under applicable law may include access to the Personal Data that Fisher processes about the Individual, the right to have such Personal Data corrected or erased, the right to restrict the processing of the Individual’s Personal Data, as well as the right to data portability. Where Fisher has obtained an Individual’s consent for the processing of Personal Data, the Individual has the right to withdraw consent at any time. This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that has happened based on consent prior to the withdrawal. An Individual also has the right to object, at any time, to the processing of Personal Data which is based on Fisher’s legitimate interests. Where Fisher Investments UK processes Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, an Individual has the right to object at any time to such processing, including for profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to direct marketing. If an Individual objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, Fisher Investments UK will no longer process the Individual’s Personal Data for such purposes.
To exercise these rights, Individuals should contact Fisher using the contact details set out in section 1 above. In each case, Individuals should ensure that the full name and address and/or email address are provided in exactly the form in which they were originally provided to Fisher to avoid any possible confusion with a different Individual. If Individuals are not satisfied with the way Fisher handles the request, they may lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in their country of residence.
8. Security
Fisher is committed to ensuring that Personal Data is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, Fisher has put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure Personal Data collected. Fisher uses encryption when collecting or transferring sensitive data.
9. Cookies
For further information on cookies and how to manage them, please click here.
A cookie is a small text file with an identification tag that is created and downloaded to a user’s computer (or other device) when accessing websites that use cookies. Cookies allow a website to, among other things, store and retrieve information about a user’s online activity, browsing habits of a user or user’s computer (or other device) and, depending on the information they contain and the way a user uses a computer (or other device), may be used to recognise the user. 
Cookies can be categorised by who places them:
First-party cookies: These cookies are downloaded to a user’s computer (or other device) from a computer or domain managed by the publisher of the website whose service the user is requesting.
Third-party cookies: These cookies are downloaded to a user’s computer (or other device) from a server or domain that is not managed by the publisher of the website, but by another entity that may be seeking data obtained through cookies.
Cookies can also be categorised by their duration:
Session cookies: These cookies are designed to collect and store data while the user accesses a website. They are often used to store information for the duration of a visit to the website (e.g. what account user is logged into). Once a user leaves the website, the session cookie is deleted.
Persistent cookies: These cookies store data on the user’s computer (or other device) for the duration period set within the cookie’s file, which is determined by the entity controlling the cookie and can range from a few minutes to several years, or until the user manually deletes them. Fisher Investments UK has configured its persistent cookies to expire within 13 months.
Lastly, cookies can be categorised by the function they serve. Fisher Investments Europe uses the following types of first- and third-party cookies:
1. Functionality Cookies
Fisher Investments Europe uses functionality cookies to keep track of whether or not a user has consented to have other types of cookies placed on their computer (or other device) and, if the user has consented, to note when consent was obtained. Functionality cookies do not collect any Personal Data.  Enabling functionality cookies may be necessary to access the full content of website material.
2. Personalisation Cookies
Personalisation cookies allow the website to remember information that changes the page’s appearance or behaviour, such as, for example, the language selected for viewing the page.
3. Analytics Cookies
Analytics cookies analyse site statistics and how users browse the Fisher Investments Europe websites and enable Fisher Investments Europe to measure the number of visitors to the website, as well as to measure and analyse how users interact with the website. This information is used to improve Fisher Investments Europe’s websites and the products or services offered.
4. Behavioural Cookies
Fisher Investments Europe serves advertisements on various websites using third-party companies. If a user visits a Fisher Investments Europe website or clicks on one of Fisher Investments Europe’s advertisements, behavioural cookies will be placed on the user’s computer (or other device). Behavioural cookies allow Fisher Investments Europe to manage and optimise its digital marketing (e.g. banner ads, pages offering informational brochures, email campaigns, etc.). Behavioural cookies may be used to build a user profile to provide users with content more relevant to their interests. They adapt advertising and the content users see on other websites based on their browsing habits, including how users navigate the Fisher Investments Europe websites and other websites that the user may visit, as well as how users interact with internet advertising.
Fisher Investments Europe uses the third party personalisation, analytics and behavioural cookie services provided by the companies below and these companies may have access to information collected by the cookies. More information about these cookies can be found at here.
Adobe Analytics
Amazon Advertising
DoubleClick Floodlight
10. How to Manage Cookies
A user can manage cookie preferences for the Fisher Investments UK website by using Fisher Investments UK’s online cookie preference tool at Privacy Options.
Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” setting that allows users to send a signal to the websites they visit that the user does not wish to be tracked. Fisher Investments UK’s website may not respond to these signals.
11. How Long Fisher will keep Data for
Information of Individuals that are clients of Fisher Investments Europe (meaning any Individual who has received an investment strategy recommendation or has retained Fisher Investments Europe as discretionary investment manager) will be kept for the duration of the client relationship plus ten years in order for Fisher Investments Europe to satisfy its recordkeeping obligations under applicable Financial Services Laws, as well as to enforce or defend its legal rights. However, information relating to pension transfers will be kept indefinitely as required by applicable Financial Services Laws. Information on identity verification and sanctions and anti-money laundering checks will be kept for the duration of the client relationship plus five years in order for Fisher Investments Europe to satisfy its recordkeeping obligations under applicable AML Laws. Recordings of telephone calls will be retained for a period of five years in order for Fisher Investments Europe to satisfy its recordkeeping obligations under applicable Financial Services Laws. Information of Individuals will be kept for a period of five years from the date the Individual consented to direct marketing or until the Individual requests earlier erasure of their information. However, where an Individual consents to have their information retained by the Company to receive ongoing information and insights (subscription) from the Company, their information will be kept until they opt out unless they did not receive a regular opportunity to opt out in which case such information will be retained for five years from consent. In some cases, such general retention periods may be extended for up to ten years for some Individuals who are in more advanced discussions with Fisher Investments Europe or have had regular interactions or meetings with Fisher Investments Europe about its investment management services, unless the Individual requests earlier erasure of their information. Information collected for the purposes of conducting market research will be kept for up to two years following such research, unless the Individual requests earlier erasure of their information. Contact information for vendors/service providers and contact information for Individuals on suppression lists (i.e. name, address, email address and/or phone number) will be retained indefinitely.
12. Questions and Complaints
If Individuals have any questions or complaints in relation to Fisher’s data protection practices, Fisher encourages Individuals to get in contact using the contact details set out in section 1 above. Individuals also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority where they believe that Fisher has infringed data protection rules. In particular, this complaint can be made to the data protection authority in the country in which that Individual usually lives, usually works, or the country where the Individual believes the infringement took place.
13. Changes to Privacy & Cookie Policy
From time to time, Fisher may use Personal Data for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this policy to the extent permitted by law. If its practices regarding Personal Data change at some time in the future, Fisher will post the policy changes to  https://www.fisherinvestments.com/en-gb/privacy and notify Individuals of these changes and provide the ability to “opt out” or unsubscribe from these new uses.
Fisher Investments Europe Limited
23 May 2018
1.1 This  Employee and Tied Agent Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Fisher  Investments Europe Limited and its branches (collectively, the “Company”),  processes personal data about employees (“Employees”) and contractors  including tied agents (collectively, “Tied Agents”). Employees and Tied Agents together include current, former, prospective/candidate,  permanent or temporary employees and contractors of the Company.
1.2 Fisher  Investments Europe Limited and its branches conduct business under different  trading names in different countries, including Fisher Investments België,  Fisher Investments España, Fisher Investments France, Fisher Investments  Italia, Fisher Investments Nederland, Fisher Investments Norden, and Fisher  Investments UK.
1.3 In  this Policy, “Personal Data” means any information  that directly or indirectly identifies Employees or Tied Agents.
1.4 This  Policy may be updated from time to time, should it become necessary to do so.
1.5 The  Company can be contacted about this Policy using the following details:
Fisher Investments Europe Limited
London W1T 2RE
1. 6 Individuals  can contact the Data Protection Officer for both Fisher Investments Europe and  its parent company, Fisher Investments, using the following details:
Russ Kuroda, Data  Protection Officer
Fisher Investments
Camas, Washington 98607
3. Types  of Employee and Tied Agent Personal Data
3.1 The  Company processes the following types of Employee and Tied Agent Personal Data  for the purposes set out in this Policy:
records  of work history (including internal and external work history and references),  education and qualifications (including information provided on an application  or CV);
identification  data (e.g. name, photograph, address, identification numbers);
contact  details (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number)
contact  information of spouse / partner / dependent(s) and emergency contact details;
date  and place of birth and nationality;     
marital  status;
bank  details and account numbers;
compensation,  fees, bonus or incentive information, tax rates and withholding information  (including invoices, amounts paid or withheld, the frequency and currency of  payments);
expense  reimbursements (including receipts and amounts paid)
Employee  benefits information (e.g. health insurance, pension contributions) (including  amounts paid, the frequency and currency of payments);
records  of performance (including evaluations of competence, ongoing supervision and  monitoring under financial services regulations, economic viability and  ratings, complaints, grievances, and disciplinary records);
information  relating to Employee absences from work;
information  relating to Employees’ mental and physical health and mental or physical  disabilities (collectively, “Health Data”);
information  relating to Employees’ religious beliefs and trade union membership;
general  organisational data (such as department, work location, job title and seniority);
information  technology data (e.g., passwords, access rights and usage data);
recordings  of telephone calls made by certain representatives of the Company; and
other  data that the Employee or Tied Agent provides to the Company or its affiliates  (collectively, the “Fisher Group”).
3.2 Personal  Data are collected from a variety of sources, but mainly from Employees and Tied  Agents themselves. In addition, the Company collects reference check  information from previous employers of (or companies to which services were  provided by) Employees and Tied Agents. Background check information, which may  reveal data concerning criminal convictions or offences, is collected from  SterlingBackcheck UK Ltd (“Sterling”), a background checking firm  located in the UK that collects Personal Data from both public and private  sources with consent of the Employee or Tied Agent. The Company may collect  Health Data from Roodlane Medical, a healthcare firm located in the UK providing  occupational health assessments to the Company as needed with the consent of  the Employee.
Purpose for which the Company    uses Personal Data
Legal Basis upon which the    Company relies
To manage the recruitment process
This    includes making decisions about hiring Employees or engaging Tied Agents.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is    necessary to take steps at the request of the Employee or Tied Agent prior to    entering into a contract.
To perform background checks on Employee    or Tied Agent candidates
The    Company uses name, date of birth and address to conduct background checks on    Employees or Tied Agents, which may reveal data concerning criminal    convictions or offences.
The    Company can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to comply with the    rules of the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”), including the PRIN, FIT, TC, COCON, APER, COND and SYSC    sourcebooks, applicable rules of the local financial services regulators, and    the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”) and local laws    implementing MiFID II (collectively, “Financial    Services Laws”).
To    verify identity and work authorisation
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose    where required to comply with employment and immigration laws.
To market employment opportunities at the    Company
This    includes contacting Employee or Tied Agent candidates by email, phone or mail    who have consented to be considered for future employment/engagement    opportunities.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose with the consent    of the Employee or Tied Agent.
To make decisions about Employees’ or Tied    Agents’ fitness for work
This    includes making decisions about Employees’ or Tied Agents’ competence and    qualifications to carry out regulated roles.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose    where required to comply with Financial Services Laws.
To administer the Company’s relationship    with Employees and Tied Agents
This    includes administering payroll, processing invoices and reimbursements
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is    necessary to perform a contract to which the Employee or Tied Agent is a    party.
To fulfilling social security and tax    obligations
The    Company can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to comply with    social security and tax laws.
To provide and administer benefits
This    includes, if relevant, pension, medical insurance and similar benefits.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is    necessary to perform the employment contract to which the Employee is a party.
To obtain work authorisation/visas for    Employees
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is    necessary to take steps at the request of the Employee.
To evaluate performance
This includes monitoring performance for management purposes,    carrying out performance reviews, and making decisions about discipline and    termination of Employees and Tied Agents.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is    in the Company’s legitimate interest to evaluate its workforce, and to give    Employees or Tied Agents opportunities to improve performance.
To administer Employees’ sick leave and    absence
The    Company may ask for, and Employees may need to provide, Health Data where    such information impacts the Employee’s ability to perform his or her role.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose    where required to comply with employment laws.
To accommodate religious or trade union    requests
The    Company does not ask for this type of Personal Data, but it may be provided    by an Employee as part of a request for religious accommodation or a request    for a trade union representative to attend a meeting with the Employee and    the Company.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose because it is    necessary to take steps at the request of the Employee.
To record    telephone calls
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose    where required to comply with Financial Services Laws.
To monitor systems and Employees and Tied    Agents
This    includes monitoring the    advice process, supervising its representatives, including monitoring Employees’ and Tied Agents’ activities as recorded on computer, telecommunications and    security systems (including emails and voicemail.), and carrying out the    Company’s compliance plan.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose    where required to comply with Financial Services Laws.
To provide references to future employers    and other third parties
This    includes providing employment/earnings confirmation letters to banks,    mortgage lenders and landlords at the request of the Employee or Tied Agent.
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose where    required to comply with Financial Services Laws or at the request of    the Employee or Tied Agent.
To providing information to governmental    and quasi-governmental bodies and law enforcement agencies for regulatory,    social security, taxation and other purposes
This    includes providing information to applicable financial services regulators    and investigating alleged fraud, money laundering and similar offences.
The    Company can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to    comply with Financial Services Laws, anti-money laundering laws, social    security or tax laws, or other applicable laws or regulations.
To keep records
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose where required to    comply with Financial Services Laws, anti-money laundering laws, social    security or tax laws, or other applicable laws or regulations.
In addition, the Company can use Personal Data for this purpose    beyond the legally mandated record retention period because it is in the    Company’s legitimate interest to keep data for as long as the statute of    limitations so that the Company can enforce and defend its legal rights.
To share data    with courts and tribunals
The Company can use Personal Data for this purpose    because it is in the Company’s legitimate interests to enforce and defend its    legal rights.
Where the Company has relied  upon its ‘legitimate interests’ as a legal basis for a particular purpose, it  has performed a ‘balancing test’ to ensure that Employees’ and Tied Agents’ rights  and interests are taken into account when their Personal Data is used. Further  information on the balancing test can be obtained by contacting Fisher  Investments Europe’s Data Protection Officer.
5. The  Company’s Sharing of Personal Data
Who will the Company  share data with?
5.1 Employee  and Tied Agent Personal Data may be disclosed to the extent necessary for the  purposes in section 4 to the following  recipients:
Fisher Asset Management,  LLC, trading as “Fisher Investments”,  which is the Company’s parent company. Fisher Investments acts as a service  provider of marketing, human resources, finance, information technology and  legal support services to the Company. In these capacities, all data collected  and used by the Company will be accessible by Fisher Investments. Fisher  Investments is located in the United States; accordingly, the Company has put  in place safeguards in the form of Model Clauses with Fisher Investments as  described below.
Fisher Investments  Europe-authorised vendors, service providers, agents and representatives. These  are as follows:
Other Tied Agents of the        Company who have access to Company systems, including email, and receive        emails that may include Personal Data of Employees or Tied Agents. Under        Financial Services Laws, tied agents can only provide tied agent services        to the Company. All Tied Agents are located in the EEA and are registered        with the financial service regulators in the countries where they        interact with Individuals on behalf of the Company.
Workday, Inc. (“Workday”), which provides the Company’s  cloud-based human resources administration system. Workday is located in the  United States; accordingly, the Company has ensured adequate safeguards in the  form of Workday’s Privacy Shield certification.
iCIMS, Inc. (“iCIMS”), which provides the Company’s  cloud-based candidate administration system. iCIMS is located in the United  States; accordingly, the Company has put in place safeguards in the form of  Model Clauses with iCIMS as described below.
ADP International  Services B.V. (“ADP”) and ADP  partners, which process payroll and payments on the Company’s behalf. ADP and  its partners are located in the EEA.
Providers of the  Company’s employee benefit programmes, including Mercer Limited (benefits  broker), British United Provident Association Limited (BUPA) (health insurance),  Unum Limited (dental insurance), Aviva Assurance Limited (travel insurance), Legal  and General Assurance Society Limited (pension provider), SpecsSavers Optical  Group Limited (vision insurance), Sodexo Motivations Solutions UK Limited  (childcare vouchers), Trainline.com Limited (train/bus pass), Cyclescheme Limited  (bicycle benefit), and Next Jump Limited (“Perks  at Work”) (employee discounts). Such service providers are located in the UK,  other than Perks at Work, which are located in the United States. For those  providers located outside the EEA, the Company has ensured adequate safeguards  in the form of Perks at Work’s Privacy Shield certification.
Service  providers that carry out checks and assessments at the request of the Company,  including Sterling, a background check firm located in the UK, and Roodlane  Medical, a healthcare firm providing occupational health assessments located in  the UK. In some cases Sterling may use the services of its affiliates located  outside the EEA; in such cases the Company will ensure  safeguards in the form of Model Clauses with such affiliates as described  below.
Service  providers that assist Employees with work authorisation/visas and/or  relocation, including Newland Chase Limited, a global immigration consultant  headquartered in the UK, and Crown Worldwide Limited (“Crown”), a global relocation specialist. Crown is located in the United States; accordingly, the Company  has ensured adequate safeguards in the form of Crown’s Privacy Shield  certification.
Vendors  providing training or firm events, which may receive names and/or Company email  addresses of Employees or Tied Agents. Such vendors are generally located in  the EEA. Any such vendors located outside the EEA will have safeguards in the form of Model Clauses or be Privacy Shield  certified.
Providers of third party  professional advice, such as lawyers and auditors.
Future employers  requesting reference checks and third parties (including banks, mortgage  lenders and landlords) to which the Employee or Tied Agent has requested the  Company provide an employment/earnings  confirmation letter.
Courts and tribunals, as  described above in section 4.
Regulators (including the  relevant financial regulators), tax authorities, other government agencies and  law enforcement organisations, as described above in section 4.
If the Company sells,  transfers or merges part or all of its business, or attempts to do so, then third parties may  receive Personal Data.
What safeguards are  in place where data is transferred outside of the EEA?
5.2 Where  data is transferred to the Company’s parent, Employee and Tied Agent Personal  Data will be transferred to the United States, where the laws do not provide  the same level of data protection as the country in which the Employee or Tied  Agent initially provided the data. The Company will therefore make the transfer  in accordance with the European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses (“Model  Clauses”). The European Commission has determined that the Model Clauses  offer sufficient safeguards to protect individuals’ privacy and their  fundamental rights and freedoms, including the ability to exercise their  rights. For more information on EU Standard Data Protection Clauses please  visit https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/model-contracts-transfer-personal-data-third-countries_en . Furthermore, as described above, some of the third party  service providers that process Personal Data on behalf of the Company are  located in countries outside the EEA that have not been recognised by the  European Commission as providing an adequate level of data protection. In these  cases, the Company has put in place or ensured there are measures to ensure  that Personal Data is adequately protected, including by having the third party  service provider enter into Model Clauses or by ensuring that the third party  service provider is certified to the EU-US Privacy Shield. Please contact the  Company using the contact details in section 1 with any questions about the  safeguards in place to protect Personal Data when transferred outside the EEA  (including how to obtain a copy or consult these safeguards).
6. Consent
6.1 In  accordance with applicable data protection laws, Employees and Tied Agents who  consent to the Company using their Personal Data may withdraw that consent at  any time. Employees and Tied Agents may do so by contacting the Company using  the details set out in section 1 above.
7. Securing  Employee and Tied Agent Personal Data
7.1 The  Company and the Fisher Group have put in place adequate security measures to  ensure (i) there is no unauthorised access to, or amendment or deletion of,  personal data, and (ii) access is only be granted to appropriate persons when  and to the extent necessary (this entails the use of appropriate password  protection for computer held databases and appropriately secured areas, or  locked cabinets for manual files).
8.2 An  Employee’s or Tied Agent’s rights under applicable law may include access to the Personal Data the Company processes about them, the right to have such  Personal Data corrected or erased, the right to restrict the  processing of their Personal Data, as well as the right to data  portability. Where the Company has obtained the  Employee’s or Tied Agent’s consent for the processing of Personal Data, the  Employee or Tied Agent has the right to withdraw consent at any time.  This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that has happened based  on consent prior to the withdrawal. An Employee or Tied Agent also has the  right to object, at any time, to the processing of Personal Data which  is based on the Company’s legitimate interests. Where the Company processes an  Employee’s or Tied Agent’s personal data for direct marketing purposes, the  Employee or Tied Agent has the right to object at any time to such processing,  including for profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to direct  marketing. If an Employee or Tied Agent objects to processing for direct  marketing purposes, the Company will no longer process their Personal Data for  such purposes.
8.3 To  exercise these rights, Employees and Tied Agents should contact the Company  using the contact details set out in section 1 above.
8.4 It  is every Employee’s and Tied Agent’s responsibility to provide the Company with  accurate Personal Data and to inform the Company of any changes (e.g. new home  address or change of name).
9.1 This  website of the Company for Employees and Tied Agents (i.e. hosted by iCIMS)  uses only first- and third-party functional session cookies, as described  below. The Company’s main websites for clients, prospective clients and general  website users uses additional cookies. By visiting such other websites,  individuals will be subject to the cookie policy disclosed on such websites.
9.2 A  cookie is a small text file with an identification tag that is created and  downloaded to a user’s computer (or other device) when accessing websites that  use cookies. Cookies allow a website to, among other things, store and retrieve  information about a user’s online activity, browsing habits of a user or user’s  computer (or other device) and, depending on the information they contain and  the way a user uses a computer (or other device), may be used to recognise the  user. 
9.3 Cookies  can be categorised by who places them:
First-party cookies: These cookies  are downloaded to a user’s computer (or other device)  from a computer or domain managed by the publisher of the website whose service  the user is requesting.
Third-party cookies: These cookies  are downloaded to a user’s computer (or other device)  from a server or domain that is not managed by the publisher of the website,  but by another entity that may be seeking data obtained through cookies.
9.4 Cookies  can also be categorised by their duration:
Session cookies: These cookies are  designed to collect and store data while the user accesses a website. They are  often used to store information for the duration of a visit to the website  (e.g. what account user is logged into). Once a user leaves the website, the  session cookie is deleted.
Persistent cookies: These cookies  store data on the user’s computer (or other device) for the duration period set  within the cookie’s file, which is determined by the entity controlling the  cookie and can range from a few minutes to several years, or until the user  manually deletes them.
9.5 Lastly,  cookies can be categorised by the function they serve:
Functionality Cookies: Functionality  cookies can keep track of whether or not a user has consented to have other  types of cookies placed on their computer (or other device) and, if the user  has consented, to note when consent was obtained. Functionality cookies do not  collect Personal Data. Enabling functionality cookies may be necessary to access  the full content of website material. Functionality cookies may also include  authentication cookies.
Personalisation Cookies: Personalisation  cookies allow the website to remember information that changes the page’s  appearance or behaviour, such as, for example, the language selected for  viewing the page.
Analytics Cookies: Analytics cookies  analyse site statistics and how users browse the website and enable measuring  the number of visitors to the website, as well as to measure and analyse how  users interact with the website. This information can be used to improve the  website and the products or services offered.
Behavioural Cookies: Behavioural  cookies can include behavioural advertising cookies, allowing advertisements on  various websites using third-party companies. If a user visits a website or  clicks on one an advertisement that uses behavioural cookies, a behavioural  cookie will be placed on the user’s computer (or other device). Behavioural  cookies allow a company to optimise its advertising. Behavioural cookies may also  be used to build a user profile to provide users with content more relevant to  their interests. They adapt advertising and the content users see on other  websites based on their browsing habits, including how users navigate the website  and other websites that the user may visit, as well as how users interact with  internet advertising.
10. How  Long the Company will Keep Data for
10.1 Information  of Employees and Tied Agents who have entered into an employment or tied agent  agreement with the Company will be kept for the duration of the  employee/contractor relationship plus seven years (except in Italy, where it  will be kept for the duration of the relationship plus ten years) in order for  the Company to satisfy its recordkeeping obligations under applicable tax laws  and Financial Services Laws, as well as to enforce or defend its legal rights.  However, information of Employees or Tied Agents that forms part of the records  of clients may need to be kept for a longer period to satisfy the Company’s  recordkeeping obligations under Financial Services Laws with respect to such  client records as set out in the Company’s Privacy and Cookie Policy.  Recordings of telephone calls will be retained for a period of five years in  order for Fisher Investments Europe to satisfy its recordkeeping obligations  under applicable Financial Services Laws. Information of Employee and Tied  Agent candidates will be kept for a period of one year from the date the open  position is closed. However, where an Employee or Tied Agent candidate consents  to have their information retained by the Company for consideration for future  positions with the Company, their information will be kept for five years  unless the Employee or Tied Agent requests earlier erasure of their information.
11. Questions  and Complaints
11.1 If  Employees or Tied Agents have any questions or complaints in relation to the  Company’s data protection practices, the Company encourages them to get in  contact using the contact details set out in section 1 above. Employees and  Tied Agents also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection  authority where they believe that the Company has infringed data protection  rules. In particular, this complaint can be made to the data protection  authority in the country in which that Employee or Tied Agent usually lives,  usually works, or the country where the Employee or Tied Agent believes the  infringement took place.
Investing in equity markets involves the risk of loss and there is no guarantee that all or any capital invested will be repaid. Past performance neither guarantees nor reliably indicates future performance. The value of investments and the income from them will fluctuate with world equity markets and international currency exchange rates.
Contact
