Privacy Policy
Policy Overview
The College of Education and Human Ecology at The Ohio State University recognize the importance of privacy to visitors of our Web sites. This privacy policy explains what type of information is collected from you when you visit any of the colleges websites.
Visitors under the age of 18 must obtain permission from their parents or guardians before sending any personal identifying information to any College of Education and Human Ecology website.
The College of Education and Human Ecology is committed to ensuring the privacy and accuracy of your confidential information. We do not actively share personal information gathered from our Web servers. However, because the College of Education and Human Ecology is a public institutions, some information collected from the colleges websites, including information from our server logs, e-mails delivered to our websites, and information collected from Web-based forms, may be subject to the Ohio Public Records Act. This means that while we do not actively share information, in some cases we may be compelled by law to release information gathered from our Web servers.
The College of Education and Human Ecology also complies with The Ohio State University's Policy concerning Privacy and Release of Student Education Records.
What Information is Collected?
All College of Education and Human Ecology websites track IP address information to improve functionality and content, and to monitor the site's performance. Data is used to provide answers to specific questions about the usage and performance of the website or individual Web pages. Except as defined above, no IP address data is shared with parties external to the University.
Some pages within the College of Education and Human Ecology Web sites require personal information in order to provide online services. Personal information is gathered and stored in a secure manner to prevent monitoring or interception. Arts and Sciences and their designated online service providers do not share personal information with third parties except as defined above.
Like all other Web servers, College of Education and Human Ecology Web servers automatically create log files for each visitor who accesses our site. These "access logs" allow us to make our site more useful to our visitors. The access logs do NOT record a visitor's name, address, phone number, credit card numbers, or any other personal identifying information. Rather, they contain some or all of the following information:
The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of machines which accessed our website.
The date of the visit.
The time of the visit.
The path taken through our website.
The browser being used.
Any errors encountered.
All of the information collected by the College of Education and Human Ecology are used for internal purposes only and is not distributed to any other charitable, cultural, nonprofit organizations or parties outside The Ohio State University.
Updates and Contact Information
The College of Education and Human Ecology along with The Ohio State University reserve the right to change this policy. Any changes to this policy will be posted to this page as soon as reasonably possible, so please check this page periodically. Use of any College of Education and Human Ecology websites constitutes consent to any policy then in effect.
Disclaimer of Liability
The information contained in this policy explains the Internet privacy policy and practices that the College of Education and Human Ecology at The Ohio State University have adopted for their official Web pages. In legal terms, it shall not be construed as a contractual promise, and the college reserves the right to amend it at any time without notice. Neither the College of Education and Human Ecology nor any of its units, programs, employees, agents, or individual trustees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained in the college website and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us via e-mail at Webmaster .
 
 
 
 
 
