Last modified: February 5th, 2015
This Privacy Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by eduPad or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies, including all apps, products and services distributed under the Monster Messenger and iTooch brands. Sometimes, we may post product specific privacy notices or Help Center materials to explain our products in more detail. Our Privacy Policy has been modified to be compliant with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by sending an email at: privacy [at] edupad.com or write to us at
Privacy Matters
Information we collect and how we use it
We may collect the following types of information:
Information you provide – When you sign up for an eduPad account, we ask you for personal information. We may combine the information from adults you submit under your account with information from other eduPad services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.
Cookies – When you visit eduPad, we might send one or more cookies to your computer or other device. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences.
Log information – When you access eduPad services via a browser, application or other client our servers automatically record certain information. These server logs may include information such as your web request, your interaction with a service, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser or your account.
User communications – When you send email or other communications to eduPad, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services. When you send and receive SMS messages to or from one of our services that provides SMS functionality, we may collect and maintain information associated with those messages, such as the phone number, the wireless carrier associated with the phone number, the content of the message, and the date and time of the transaction. We may use your email address to communicate with you about our services.
Affiliated eduPad Services on other sites – We might offer some of our services on or through other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to eduPad in order to deliver the service. We process such information under this Privacy Policy.
Third Party Applications – eduPad may make available third party applications, such as gadgets or extensions, through its services. The information collected by eduPad when you enable a third party application is processed under this Privacy Policy. Information collected by the third party application provider is governed by their privacy policies.
Location data – eduPad might offer location-enabled services in the future. If you choose to use those services, eduPad may receive information about your actual location (such as GPS signals sent by a mobile device) or information that can be used to approximate a location (such as a cell ID).
Unique application number – Certain services, include a unique application number that is not associated with your account or you. This number and information about your installation (e.g., operating system type, version number) may be sent to eduPad when you install or uninstall that service or when that service periodically contacts our servers (for example, to request automatic updates to the software).
Other sites – This Privacy Policy applies to eduPad services only. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results, sites that include eduPad applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you.
COPPA compliance – eduPad respects COPPA’s new rules and does not collect information such as email, address or telephone number from children under 13. Our apps do not include behavioral ads nor contextual ads. Only parents and legal guardians, are permitted to give personally identifiable information concerning of child 12 and under.
Social network features: Children under 13 have access to social networks features like chat only with people they know in the real world (offline invitation system) and under the control of their parents.
Moderation – Trained moderators may have access to the content of users’ conversations under certain circumstances (typically if a conversation has been reported to the moderators by a user or if automatic forbidden words detection signals a potential offense).
In addition to the above, we may use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain, protect, and improve our services and develop new services; and
Protect the rights or property of eduPad or our users.
If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.
eduPad processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in other countries. In some cases, we process personal information outside your own country.
Choices
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some eduPad features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Information sharing
eduPad only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of eduPad in the following limited circumstances:
We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information.
We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of eduPad, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Information security
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.
We restrict access to personal information to eduPad employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.
Accessing and updating personal information
When you use eduPad services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
Enforcement
eduPad adheres to the US Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement.
eduPad regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, it is eduPad’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between eduPad and an individual.
Changes to these legal notices
Please note that these legal notices may change from time to time.
