The information UCSD collects
UCSD collects two kinds of information on this site: (1) personal information that is voluntarily supplied by visitors to this site who register for and use services that require such information and (2) tracking information that is automatically collected as visitors navigate through this site.
If you choose to register for and use services on this site that require personal information, such as WebMail, WebCT, or MyBlink, you will be required to provide certain personal information that we need to process your request. This site automatically recognizes and records certain non-personal information, including the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com or ucsd.edu); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser software you use and the operating system; the date and time you access this site; and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to this site. We may also collect tracking information through the use of cookies, which place certain identifying information on your computer to facilitate your future access.
This site also includes links to other websites hosted by third parties. When you access any such website from this site, use of any information you provide will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting.
How UCSD uses this information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We may provide aggregated statistical data to reputable third-party agencies, but this data will include no personally identifying information. We may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of UCSD, our users, or others.
How UCSD protects your information
When you log in or submit personal information to us, we use a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. As effective as encryption technology is, however, no security system is completely impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the internet.
Your consent
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by UCSD. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page before the changes take effect. Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later. If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via this form .
This policy was last updated on November 27, 2007.
©2018 The Regents of the University of California. All rights reserved. Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Close ×
Updates Delivered To Your Inbox
Please provide your basic information so that we can better serve you.
Email Address*
First Name*
Last Name*
Office of Innovation and Commercialization Newsletter
Events/Seminars/Workshop
Outside Company
Submission Error!
Something went wrong with your subscription... sorry. Please try again in a bit, and if things still are not working, please contact us .
Success!
