Direct Marketing
How We Use Cookies
Your rights under the GDPR
General/Contact
 
 
We regularly review this Privacy Policy and may from time to time revise it or add specific instructions, policies and terms. Where any changes to this Privacy Policy are material, we will notify you using the contact details you have provided us with and, where required by the law, we will give you the opportunity to opt out of these changes by means notified to you at that time. Otherwise, in relation to personal data supplied to us through the G2A.COM website or otherwise, continued use by you of the G2A.COM website, or other products or services of the Group, or your continued relationship with us or the Group shall be deemed to be your acceptance of and consent to this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time.
G2A.COM Limited and G2A PL sp. z o.o. with its registered office in Warsaw (00-113), ul. Emilii Plater 53, Poland, are co-controllers of your personal data. G2A PL sp. z o.o. has been also appointed to represent G2A with regard to its respective obligations and your rights under the GDPR and according to agreement on co-controlling is responsible for exercising your rights described below.
 
 
 
2. Purposes and legal bases for processing
 
 
   Legal basis for processing
 
 
   Entering into and performing a contract
 
   Legitimate interests
 
   Legitimate interests
 
by   adapting our websites, offers and advertising to your interests;
   Consent
   Legitimate interests
 
   Compliance with a legal obligation
 
 
 
 
3. Direct Marketing
Where you have given your consent and have not subsequently opted out, we may also use your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address to send promotional materials to you and conduct direct marketing activities in relation to G2A.COM products and services, and products services offered by other members of the Group, or products and services offered by relevant third-parties.
If you do not wish to receive any promotional and direct marketing materials or do not wish to receive specific types of promotional and direct marketing materials or do not wish to receive such materials through a specific means of communication, you can unsubscribe or change your settings by clicking the link provided in the marketing materials you receive. You can also unsubscribe here [link] or contact us through one of the communication channels set out in the “Contact Us” section below.
 
4. Recipients of the personal data
We may transfer your personal data to the following categories of recipients:
other users of our products and services where this is necessary to perform our agreements with you, for example when you purchase a game from a seller on the G2A Marketplace or transfer funds to the G2A Wallet of another user;
other members of the Group;
agents, contractors, advisors or third parties who provide administrative, telecommunications, computer, payment, debt collection, data processing, legal or other services to G2A.COM;
financial institutions, payment service providers (such as banks, payment institutions or electronic money institutions) as well as card organizations (such as VISA or MasterCard) – in connection with our payment services;
persons and institutions that are allowed to request your personal data under applicable laws and regulations through a court order, subpoena or other legal process, such as supervisory bodies, regulators or law enforcement bodies;
 
5. How We Use Cookies
 
 
For statistical purposes through [analysis of aggregate data on traffic and manner of use of our websites]
We create statistics that help us understand how you access G2A.COM, which allows us to improve the structure of G2A.COM and its content and thus improve your experience;
Creating a profile for you in order to display matching materials in regard to advertising networks, such as the Google Display Network;
To run statistics on traffic to reliably conduct settlements with advertising partners;
To remember your settings between browsing sessions and customize the Site to better suit your needs and preferences, such as selecting the display language or currency.
For marketing purposes, also on the basis of automated processing containing profiling elements, in particular, for [adaptation of our websites, offers and advertising to your interests]
 
To achieve the above goals, the Site uses two basic types of cookies, session cookies and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary files that are stored in your browser until you logout, leave the website or close the browser. Persistent cookies are stored in your browser for a longer period of time, as specified in the parameters of the cookie or until you remove the cookie.
Cookies may be used by partners and advertising networks, such as the Google Display Network to display ads specific to you and in accordance your preferences while using G2A.COM. To achieve this goal cookies may store information about your navigation path or the time you spent on G2A.COM. To see what information was collected about you by the Google Display Network, you can view and edit the information derived from cookies with the following tool provided by Google: https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/ .
Your browser’s default setting is likely set to allow for the storage of cookies. You can change your browser’s settings and delete or prevent cookies. For details, consult your browser’s documentation. Please note that if you do so you may not be able to utilise or activate certain functions available on G2A.COM.
 
 
#
 
Cookies are small text files, send by the Internet shop and stored on   your computer, containing some information connected with your usage of the   Website and the Internet shop. Cookies files are used by the Internet shop,   in order to provide services for the Website and make it possible to make   interesting information available during the purchasing procedure,   remembering your purchase for example.
Cookies files used by the Internet shop can be of temporal or constant   character. Temporary cookies are eliminated when you exit your browser,   whereas permanent cookies which are stored beyond the end of the browsing   session are used to store information such as your password or login, for an   easier and faster usage of the Website. In any case, you may block the cookies   installation process or delete permanent cookies using the appropriate   options in your web browser. In the event of any problems, we suggest to use   the web browser’s help file or we advise to contact the web browser producer   directly.  
2.
Necessary
   
Cookies files are necessary for a comfortable   use of the site, they allow enabling basic functions such as website   navigation or secure web access. Website cannot function properly without   cookies.
3. 
Preferences
 
Those cookies files which store your   preferences enable the website to remember information connected with   functioning and layout of the website, such as preferred language or user’s   current position.
4.
Statistics
 
Cookies used for statistical purposes help   website owners to understand how different users behave on the website by   collecting and reporting anonymous information.
5.
Marketing
 
 
 
6. Retention of data
We will retain your personal data for as long as we have lawful grounds to do so. Specific retention periods depend on the purpose and legal base of processing, for example:
-     personal data required to provide services, for the time of providing such services and after that, for the time required by legal provisions (e.g. on accountancy) or to handle possible claims
-     personal data that must have been collected for anti-money laundering legislation requirements, including for identification, screening and reporting, as a rule for 5 years after the termination of our relationship or after the date of an occasional transaction, unless we are required to retain this information for the purposes of court or administrative proceedings,
 
7. Access and Correction of Personal Data
Under the PDPO, you have the right to verify whether we hold your personal data, to obtain a copy of the data, and to correct any data that is inaccurate. You may also request us to inform you of the type of personal data held by us. All data access requests shall be made using the form prescribed by the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data (“Privacy Commissioner”) which may be found on the official website of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner or via this link: https://www.pcpd.org.hk/english/publications/files/Dforme.pdf
Requests for access and correction of personal data or for information regarding policies and practices and the kinds of data held by us should be addressed in writing and sent by post to us (see the “Contact Us” section below).
 
Pursuant to the GDPR you also have the following rights:
-       Right to be informed, which is satisfied through this notice.
-       Right to erasure. You have the right to have your data erased and no longer processed if the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, if consent was withdrawn or objection was filed and there are no other legal basis for processing. If we have disclosed the personal data in question to third parties, we will inform them about the erasure of the personal data, unless it is impossible or involves disproportionate effort to do so.
-       Right to restriction on processing. If there are grounds for restriction on processing, for example if you contest the accuracy of your personal data, it will be stored and processed otherwise only if you consent or to exercise legal claims, or for the protection of rights of another natural or legal person. If we have disclosed the personal data in question to third parties, we will inform them about the restriction on the processing of the personal data, unless it is impossible or involves disproportionate effort to do so. We will inform you before the restriction is lifted. 
-       Right to objection to processing. You have the right to object to processing based on legitimate interests (including profiling) and direct marketing (including profiling). We will no longer process you data, unless we have compelling legitimate grounds for processing or we need to process the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
-       Right to portability. You have the right to receive personal data that you provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to transmit those data to another data controller.
     You may contact us to exercise your rights through “Contact us” section below.
 
 
9.General
 
 
 
 
 
LIST OF G2A.COM BUSINESS PARTNERS AND/OR AFFILIATES
 
Global R&D sp. z o.o., with its registered office Emilii Plater 53 Street, 00-113 Warsaw, registration number 0000692862.
G2A PL sp. z o.o., with its registered office Emilii Plater 53 Street, 00-113 Warsaw, registration number 0000677012.
Tech sp. z o.o. with its registered office Emilii Plater 53 Street, 00-113 Warsaw, registration number 0000691154.
G2A RE sp. z o.o. with its registered office Adama Matuszczaka 14/2 Street, 35-083 Rzeszow, registration number 0000659335.
G2A Limited Liability Company, with its registered office 8275 South Eastern Avenue 200, 89123 Las Vegas, Nevada  USA, entity number: E0627762014-7.
Sterling Media Limited with its registered office in Marshall Islands, registration number of 92011.
UAB ZEN Global with its registered office Mėsinių g. 5, LT-01133 Vilnius, (304749651).
G2A Direct Europe with its registered office Strovolou 236, Strovolos 2048, Lefkosia, Cyprus, (HE379437).
G2A Direct LTD with its registered office 31/F, Tower Two, Times Square 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay  Hong Kong, (66710475).
Cookies on G2A.com
We use cookies to give you the best possible experience on our site. By continuing to browse our site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and use of cookies technology.
Agree and Proceed
Why are we The Global No. ?
Due to the number of digital products offered for sale. Data according to www.similarweb.com
Consent to cookies and personal data processing in connection with their use
In order to provide you the best experience with our websites, we use cookies. In the case of certain types of cookies, this may entail the processing of your personal data. In choosing from the options below, you can adjust your cookie settings.
Consent is voluntary and may be withdrawn at any time. Withdrawal of consent, however, does not affect the legality of processing that takes place on the basis of consent prior to its withdrawal. More detailed information on categories, purposes and forms of personal data processing as well as the use of cookies by G2A, your rights and their exercise, including how to withdraw consent, can be found here .
Consent to personal data processing
Consent is voluntary and may be withdrawn at any time in a manner indicated here . Withdrawal of consent, however, does not affect the legality of processing that takes place on the basis of consent prior to its withdrawal. You may find more exact information on categories, purposes and forms of personal data processing by G2A, as well as your rights and their exercise, here .
Updating cart
Buy with 100% satisfaction guarantee
Resolution Centre Speed & Priority
Save on each purchase
Get special discounts and hot deals
Get 30 days FREE G2A Shield and buy with 100% satisfaction
guarantee or money back - that’s our promise.
Get 30 days FREE G2A Shield
Are you sure you want to deactivate G2A Shield?
Compare all your options
& Resolution Center
Priority support - be first in line to our Customer Support
Up to 10% Cashback
in-game items
Deactivate
Subscribe Free 30-day trial, then €1 monthly
