Last Updated: June 2018
Please read this policy and if you have any questions contact us.
By using the site you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this policy.
This site is operated by iStockphoto LP ("iStockphoto"), a subsidiary of Getty Images, Inc. ("Getty Images") and may be accessed in Canada and abroad. For personal data protection purposes in the European Union, iStockphoto is the controller and, unless otherwise noted, is also the processor of the personal data.
iStockphoto is committed to protecting your privacy. This privacy policy tells you about our online collection, use and disclosure of personal data. The terms of this policy apply to all personal data collected by iStockphoto on the website istockphoto.com and other country-specific iStockphoto websites which may be linked to istockphoto.com. We have created this policy pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act (Alberta) S.A. 2003, c.P-6.5, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada) S.C. 2000, c.5 and the "Anti-Spam Act" (Canada) S.C. 2010, c.23. Your home jurisdiction may have privacy laws that are more or less protective than the province of Alberta, Canada.
Privacy Officer
Outside of the European Union, we have designated a privacy officer at iStockphoto to be accountable for our policies and practices with respect to the management of personal data. You may forward any questions, comments or complaints that you might have about this privacy policy to:
Joy Griffith
iStockphoto LP
Calgary, AB T2G 1M8
Accessing Your Personal Data
If you would like to review or revise information that you previously provided to us, you may access and change your personal data in the "My Account" section of the site. You may also contact Customer Service at 1(866) 478-6251 or +1(403) 265-3062 (international) or by email at privacy@gettyimages.com for assistance.
Personal Data Preferences
iStockphoto respects your right to make choices about the use and disclosure of your personal data. If at any time you decide that you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, please let us know by: (1) checking or unchecking the appropriate box on your online registration form when you sign up or in the "My Account" page of the website once you are a member; (2) contacting your Customer Service at 1(866) 478-6251 or +1(403) 265-3062 (international); (3) follow the "unsubscribe" instructions included within each email communication; or (4) by email at privacy@gettyimages.com .
If you choose not to receive marketing emails, please be advised that you will continue to receive transactional or account communications and emails (e.g., confirmation emails and account balance statements).
iStockphoto otherwise adopts the Getty Images Privacy Policy which can be found here .
© 2018 iStockphoto LP. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy.
United Kingdom
Learn more
