Menu
Find
Last Updated: August 9, 2017.
AbeBooks knows you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we'll do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.  By visiting AbeBooks, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at AbeBooks.com. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us:We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser either accesses AbeBooks.com, or accesses advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Abebooks on other Web sites. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from AbeBooks if your computer supports such capabilities. Also, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers, we compare our customer list to lists received from other companies. At any time you may ask us to stop sending you commercial e-mail by sending your request to privacy@AbeBooks.com . Also, each commercial e-mail we send to you will tell you how to decline further unsolicited e-mail.
Information from Other Sources:We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. Click here to see examples of the information we receive.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser, to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features, such as the storage of items in your Shopping Cart between visits and personalized ads on other Web sites.
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of AbeBooks's essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to checkout, or use any AbeBooks' products and services that require you to sign in.
Does AbeBooks.com Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we're not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with our parent corporation, Amazon.com, Inc., and the subsidiaries it controls.
Sellers: When you make a purchase from a Seller on AbeBooks.com, we share your name, shipping address, and email address with that Seller; in some cases, you may also be asked to provide your phone number.
Third-Party Service Providers: We employ companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These companies have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers: Sometimes, we send offers to selected groups of AbeBooks.com customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we don't give that business your name, address, or other contact details.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the event that AbeBooks.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information of course will be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of AbeBooks.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of AbeBooks.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit-risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Notice.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you'll receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you'll have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you enter.
We reveal only the last four digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It's important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and your computer. Be sure to sign off when you've finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.
Some of our affiliated businesses and service providers are located outside Canada, including in the United States, and your personal information may be collected, used, stored and processed outside of Canada for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice.
Internet-Based Advertising
Abebooks is an online marketplace for books and our website does not include advertisements.
However, we may work with advertisers and advertising partners to display interest-based ads to you on other websites, using information you make available to us when you interact with AbeBooks. Interest-based ads, also sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads, are displayed to you based on information from activities such as browsing selections or making purchases on AbeBooks. For more information on interest-based advertising policy please visit our Interest-Based Ads Policy .
Which Information Can I Access?
AbeBooks gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with AbeBooks for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. Click here to see some examples. This list will change as our website evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you always can choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of such AbeBooks’ features as the Shopping Basket.
You can add or update certain information on pages such as those listed in the "Which Information Can I Access?" section, above. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
At any time you may ask us to stop sending you commercial e-mail by sending your request to privacy@AbeBooks.com . Also, each commercial e-mail we send to you will tell you how to decline further unsolicited e-mail.
At any time you may opt out of interest-based advertising by sending your request to our current advertising partners, Facebook at https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads and Criteo, at http://www.criteo.com/privacy/
The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the website of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of AbeBooks's essential features, we recommend you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Basket, proceed to checkout, or use any AbeBooks products and services that require you to sign in.
Are Children Allowed to Use AbeBooks?
AbeBooks does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you're under 18, you may use AbeBooks only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices and Revisions
If you choose to visit AbeBooks, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms and Conditions , including limitations on damages, and application of the laws of British Columbia, Canada. If you have any concern about privacy at AbeBooks, please contact us at privacy@AbeBooks.com , and we'll try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms and Conditions will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
Related Practices and Information:
Examples of Information Collected
Information You Give Us
You provide most such information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; make an order; provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one, if you've used more than one e-mail address when shopping with us); communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; and provide and rate reviews. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and telephone number; credit card information; names of people to whom purchases have been shipped, including address and telephone number; content of reviews and e-mails to us; and financial information, including social insurance and taxpayer identification numbers.
Automatic Information
Examples of the information we collect and analyze include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information, such as browser type, version and timezone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features such as Bestseller Lists; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; and the telephone number used to call our customer service number. We may also use browser data such as cookies, Flash cookies (also known as Flash Local Shared Objects), or similar data on certain parts of our website for fraud prevention and other purposes. During some visits we may use software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information from Other Sources
Examples of information we receive from other sources include updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily; and credit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers.
Information You Can Access
Examples of information you can currently access easily at AbeBooks include up-to-date information regarding recent orders, personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, and address book), and payment settings (including credit card information).
Privacy & Security: Useful Links
×
