Overview
Wide Open Country takes privacy concerns seriously. This privacy policy outlines what information is collected when you visit our site.
This privacy policy applies to Wide Open Country (wideopencountry.com) on all platforms (web, mobile web, apps, emails).
Wide Open Country contains links to other sites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects Personally Identifiable Information (PII).
Wide Open Country gathers information about its users mainly to enhance their experience on the site and on email newsletters. This information is used to bring you content that is relevant to your interests. Additionally, Wide Open Country, along with our advertising partners, gather information about you anonymously to provide you with advertising messages that are catered to your location and interests. You can opt out of information gathering for advertising purposes below.
Transparency and Choice
Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect and how we use it.  No personal information is required to use our site.
For email notification management or optout, please see  Email Policy
For information about social sharing information or social comments, please see  Social Media Sharing and Comments
For information about general comments, please email [email protected] .
For overview of types of cookies we use, please see  Cookies
Information Collected
Personal Information/ Information You Directly Provide To Wide Open Country:
When registering, engaging, or signing up for newsletters, you may provide Wide Open Country with personal information, including but not limited to:
Personal contact information (name, zip code, email address, phone numbers)
Comments
Correspondence with Wide Open Country staff
Billing Information (for paid Wide Open Country products)
You are not required to provide Wide Open Country with any personal information in order to use the site. All information that is collected is the sole property of the site, and that information is not distributed outside of the site unless required by law.
Non-Personal Information Automatically Collected:
This type of information is collected anonymously using tracking technology. No Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is collected through this methodology.  This information may include, but is not limited to:
Hardware/software information (geographic location, IP address, browser type, device type, operating system, bandwidth, etc.)
Analytics information (time spent on site, number of pages viewed, referring web page, browsing information, etc.)
Advertising information (type of ads seen, number of times ads were served, pages where the ads were served)
Information collected through HTML cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies.
Information Collected Through Third-Party Sources
This type of information is collected anonymously by approved third-party partners (such as online marketing firms, research companies, social media companies, ad targeting firms, and other partners). None of the information collected by these sources is PII. This type of information includes but is not limited to:
Demographic information (gender, age, household income, job title, interests, etc.)
Advertising information (clicks, interactions, post-impression performance data)
Research information (data collected from partners such as Nielsen, Comscore, Quantcast, etc.)
What Is Done With The Collected Information?
Site Content: Wide Open Country partners with Zeta Global to provide you with content that is relevant and personalized to your reading interests. You can read Zeta Global’s privacy policy here .
Email Communications: Wide Open Country may use the information that you submit to send you email communications, such as newsletters, breaking news, information about the site, alerts, and promotional messages from advertising partners.
Site Analysis: Wide Open Country uses the information collected through third-party sources to learn and analyze how the site is used. We use this information to enhance the site by making improvements based on the data collected.
Advertising: Display Ads are delivered from our adserver, DFP for Small Publishers powered by Google.  At times third-party information is used to deliver targeted ads to you, your location, and your interests. No PII is exchanged with any type of advertising message on Wide Open Country.
How We Share Information Collected
There are very few specific circumstances when your information is shared outside of the company. These circumstances include but are not limited to:
If you comment or use the Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and/or like apps on Wide Open Country, the information you submit (including your social media user name, etc) is or may be viewable to the public.
Wide Open Country may need to disclose personal information to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order, or any other legal process.
We employ third-party services to distribute email newsletters and these third-parties have access to specific information only for the purposes of fulfilling contracts on our behalf.
In the event Wide Open Country goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of a portion of its assets, users’ personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred.
Social Media Sharing and Comments
Wide Open Country utilizes common social media sharing and commenting features from Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Google+.  In using these features, these services may set a cookie to properly execute the specified action.  These features may collect your IP address and information about the page and action you are visiting.  These services are not required in order to use the site and are governed by that company’s privacy policy:
Additional details and privacy policy notice with contact information for Zeta Global can be found below:
Cookies
A cookie (otherwise known as an HTTP cookie) is a small piece of code which can be sent from a web site or banner ad and stored on a user’s web browser. The cookie stores data such as preferences, previous activity, and other information. For more information on HTTP cookies and other online advertising definitions please visit  IAB’s web site .
To comply with the European Union Directive 2009/136/EC, amending Directive 2002/58/EC on Privacy and Electronic Communications (otherwise known as the e-Privacy or Cookie Directive), we provide notice to consumers visiting our site from the EU about our cookie practices and obtain consent for such practices. By using our services, you agree to the use of cookies as detailed below.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect information about visitor usage for the purpose of web analytics and high level demographics.  These cookies are only used to improve our site and the general experience.  They do not contain PII and they do not track any behavior on any other website.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow our site to remember volunteered information (such as username for commenting) to provide convenience or a more personalized experience.  If used, they will contain PII that you have provided.  These cookies do not track any behavior on any other website.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies contain browsing habits and general data (device type, location) specific to your device for more personalized ad targeting.
Managing Cookies
Cookie management is specific to your browser.  If you reject cookies, you will be able to use Wide Open Country, but some of the functionality may be limited.
Common browser cookie management information:
Children Under 13: Wide Open Country does not knowingly target advertising to, or collect information from children under the age of 13.
Data Retention: Your personal information is retained for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy.
Security: Wide Open Country uses all reasonable means to safeguard data against unauthorized use and theft.
Changes To This Policy: Wide Open Country may at any time change this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes in our practices, service offerings, or market regulations. If the policy is updated, we will update the Effective Date at the top of the policy.
Questions/Suggestions: If you have any questions or suggestions for this Privacy Policy, please contact the editor of Wide Open Country or email questions to  [email protected] . You can also reach us by mail at 801 Congress Ave, Suite 330, Austin, TX, 78701.
For More Information
Below are links to the privacy policies of some of our partners and links to advertising opt outs.
DFP for Small Publishers, powered by Google, is the adserving platform on Wide Open Country.
If you want to opt out of receiving targeted ads from DFP,  visit this link . Opting out does not mean you will not get ads from DFP; it means DFP will not collect non-personal information about you or serve ads targeted to your interests.
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)  is part of the industry’s self-regulatory initiative. If you would like to opt out of third-party partners’ non-personal information tracking, visit the  NAI opt out  section. Opting out does not mean you will not receive advertising on Wide Open Country. It ensures that your non-personal information will not be automatically tracked by the sites you have opted out of.
Contact Us
If you have questions about privacy please contact us at  [email protected] .
Or send correspondence via mail to:
Wide Open Media Group
801 Congress, Suite 330
