Small Business Resource Center
Get information you can use to manage and grow your business.
Go
Effective December 19, 2016 
This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") outlines the online privacy practices of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. ("MUFG Union Bank" or "Union Bank"), including PurePoint Financial, which is a division and tradename of MUFG Union Bank, our affiliates and subsidiaries with respect to our websites, online and mobile applications, and social media pages that run on tablets, smart phones, and mobile devices (together, "Websites"). This Privacy Policy also outlines our privacy practices for consumers who apply for and/or obtain services from us, such as loans, deposits, investments, insurance, or a safe deposit box. These practices also apply to our family of companies, including but not limited to, MUFG Union Bank, N.A., UnionBanc Investment Services LLC, and HighMark Capital Management, Inc.
Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, share, use, and protect information when you visit our sites, and any online services offered by MUFG Union Bank (which includes PurePoint Financial).
Privacy Policy
The Privacy Notice
Please see our Privacy Notice , the document that federal law requires us to give our customers to explain what we do with your personal information, how we may share it, and how the law allows you to limit our sharing.
Special Notice for California Residents
Our Privacy Practices
Please review our Privacy Notice , which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy by reference. California residents should also review their Important Privacy Choices . Please also see the Terms of Use , which govern your use of our Websites and is also incorporated into this Privacy Policy by reference.
The services covered under this Privacy Policy, including our Websites, are intended for individuals in the United States. If you visit the Websites or use mobile applications or other services from outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that your information will be transferred and/or processed in the United States, which may be subject to different legal and regulatory privacy and data protections standards than those of your home jurisdiction.
The Information We May Collect from You
If you are our customer or have begun to apply for a product or service, the types of personal information we collect depends on the product or service. We collect your personal information when you open an account or apply for a loan; use Online Banking or enroll in a service; enter into an investing relationship or purchase a mutual fund; or use one of our other financial products or services.
This information can include, for example, your name, Social Security Number, home address and other personal information; financial history and transactions, account balances, and payment history; consumer report information; assets; and investment experience. We also may receive information about you from information services and consumer reporting agencies.
On our Websites, you remain anonymous unless you register for, apply for or use a product or service or otherwise choose to disclose your identity to us (for example, by logging into Online Banking). We may collect information generated by your computer or device, including the IP address (a numeric address assigned automatically to computers and mobile devices when they access the Internet) or other identifiers. We also may collect your location when you log on or when you register to receive or request location-based content.
Our Social Media Pages
When you engage with MUFG Union Bank (including with PurePoint Financial) on our social media pages, you can make certain information from your social media profile, postings, and other interactions available to us as well as other participants on these platforms. You may be able to control what data you share, and with whom, through the privacy settings on these social media sites. Any information you share or interactions you may have while participating on those platforms is subject to the privacy policies and terms of use of those social media platforms. MUFG Union Bank may but is not obligated to monitor and archive conversations with MUFG Union Bank social media accounts and on MUFG Union Bank social media pages. MUFG Union Bank monitors and may archive the conversations you have with our Mortgage Consultants and/or other representatives. Please note that when you visit MUFG Union Bank's pages on social media sites where your information is shared with us, the use of that information is subject to these Privacy Practices, as well as to our Terms of Use .
Third Parties
Third parties may offer services on our websites. If you provide these third parties with information, the collection and use of that information will be subject to their privacy policies and will not be subject to this policy. If you accept third-party goods or services advertised at our sites, a third party may be able to determine that you have a relationship with us, for example, if the particular offer was made only through our Online Banking sites.
We also may use third parties to provide other services on our behalf. For example, third-parties may host microsites and moderate our social media pages. These third parties are contractually obligated to comply with MUFG Union Bank privacy and security standards and are limited in their use of information collected on our behalf.
Third-Party Applications, Plug-Ins, Widgets and Links to Third-Party Websites
Within our Websites, there may be embedded applications, plug-ins, widgets, as well as links to third-party sites that may offer you goods, services, or information. Some of these sites may appear within our site. When you click on one of these applications, plug-ins, widgets, or links, you will leave our site and will no longer be subject to MUFG Union Bank's Privacy Policy and privacy practices. We are not responsible for the information collection practices of the other sites that you visit, and we urge you to review their privacy policies before you provide them with any personally identifiable information. Third-party sites may collect and use information about you in ways that are different from the practices of MUFG Union Bank.
Cookies and Similar Technologies
When you visit our Websites or use our mobile applications, we and our service providers (including advertising providers) may place cookies or other similar technologies on your computer or device. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive. It takes up very little room on your system and helps us to tailor our Websites and applications. You can set your web browser to inform you when cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device, or you can prevent them from being placed. However, if you choose to prevent cookies from being placed, some of our Website or application banking functions may not work properly. Unless you register with us for a service (such as our Online Banking service), the cookies do not link to any personally identifying information about you. You can find more information about cookies here .
In addition, we and our service providers (including advertising providers) may collect information using cookies or other similar technologies about your browsing activities over time and across other Websites after you visit our Websites and applications. For information on how to opt-out of interest-based advertising, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's Consumer Choice page.
Cookies that we and our service providers (including advertising providers) may be setting on our Websites include Conversant, Coremetrics, DataXu, Dotomi, DoubleClick, Foresee, Google Analytics , Kenshoo, Simpli.fi, and Turn.
Local Share Objects or "Flash" Cookies
As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance our online security and protect your information, we may use Local Share Objects (LSOs, or Flash cookies). The use of LSOs assists you in conducting your Online Banking transactions. You can find more information on LSOs here . Please be advised that you can remove LSOs , but doing so may mean you will be prompted for additional forms of authentication during your online sessions.
Private Security Keys
As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance our online security and protect your information, we may place a private key on your PC or mobile device to help us identify the device as belonging to you. The use of a private key on your device assists you in conducting your Online Banking transactions.
Use of Customer Biometrics
As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance our online security and protect your information, we may use some customer biometric information. We may ask you to authenticate an online transaction with the use of your fingerprint, facial, or eye biometric information. There could be other forms of biometrics we may also choose to offer for authentication as well. Also, we may look at how you use your mouse or key board on a PC or how you move your finger over a screen on our mobile app to help determine if you are the real user during an online session. The use of biometrics on your device assists you in conducting your Online Banking transactions.
Telephone Carrier Information
As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance our online security and protect your information, we may access your operator (AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, Verizon, or any other branded operator) to use your regular phone number, your mobile phone number, name, address, email, network status, customer type, customer role, billing type, mobile device identifiers (IMSI and IMEI) and other subscriber status details, if available, to allow verification of your identity and to compare information you have provided to Union Bank with your wireless operator account profile information for the duration of the business relationship. The use of mobile carrier data on your device assists you in conducting your Online Banking transactions.
Web Browser 'Do Not Track' Signals
We do not respond to Web browser 'do not track' signals at this time.
Web Analytics
We may use web analytics tools that use cookies, including, but not limited to Coremetics, and Google Analytics, to collect anonymous information about pages visited, links that are clicked, and other information about the use of our websites. We aggregate and use this information to better understand site activity and to improve our products and services.
How We Use Your Information: Non-Identifying Information
The following are some of the ways in which we may use non-identifying information:
To advertise and market our products and services to you;
To present targeted messages, including ads, to you;
To determine whether our ads or other promotional activities are effective;
To learn more about how consumers use our Websites;
To provide location-based services that you may request (for example, we may use the location of your mobile device to help you locate the nearest ATM); and
To manage fraud and security risks, including, but not limited to, detecting and preventing fraud or criminal activity.
How We Use Your Information: Identifying Information
If you are a MUFG Union Bank or PurePoint Financial customer or have begun to apply for a product or service, the reasons we use your information may include: we may contact you about your account, including to resolve issues around transactions, handle maintenance of your account, alert you about fraud or unusual activity on your account, or for debt collection purposes. Because we need to be able to contact you to run our businesses and offer you services, you cannot opt out of this contact. We may use any phone number, including any mobile phone number you have given us to contact you about these or other issues. If you give us a mobile number, please be aware that you may incur additional fees from your carrier. By giving us your mobile number, you also agree that we may contact you by text message (carrier charges may apply). You further agree that we may call the phone number you have provided to us to contact you about your account using an automated dialer and/or pre-recorded message.
Other ways we may use personal information we collect from you alone or in combination with information we have collected from other sources include:
To provide products and services;
To present targeted messages, including ads, to you;
To process your application for our products or services;
To service your account(s) (for example, to respond to questions about your accounts);
To report to credit bureaus;
To advertise and market our products and services to you;
To learn more about how customers use our Websites and interact with our products and services;
To manage fraud and security risks, including, but not limited to, detecting and preventing fraud or criminal activity;
To safeguard your data;
To respond to court orders or legal investigations; and
In other ways as required or permitted by law or with your consent.
How We May Share Your Information
We may share our customers' and potential customers' personal information for our everyday business purposes – such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus. We may share our customers' personal information to offer our products and services to you; for joint marketing with other financial companies; for our affiliates' everyday business purposes; and for our affiliates to market to you. We may also share your information in the event of a sale or transfer of all or some of our assets.
Telephone and Electronic Communication Monitoring or Recording
You agree that we, including our agents and service providers, may monitor, record electronically, and retain telephone conversations and electronic communications between you (including anyone acting on your behalf) and us.
Your Choices
MUFG Union Bank Online Banking customers may tell us not to share personal and financial information with our affiliates (companies we own or control) and outside companies that we do business with by logging on to Online Banking at unionbank.com and changing your Affiliate Information Sharing preferences.
MUFG Union Bank customers also may exercise these choices by calling 1-888-283-6699 (our menu will prompt you through your choices). For TDD hearing-impaired assistance through Relay Service, dial 7-1-1, provide the Relay Operator with 1-800-238-4486 or Teletypewriter (TTY) 1-800-826-7345. To opt out of receiving MUFG Union Bank email marketing, follow the directions at the bottom of the marketing email or send a message with the word Unsubscribe in the subject line.
PurePoint Financial customers may tell us not to share personal and financial information with our affiliates (companies we own or control) and outside companies that we do business with by calling 1-855-788-7873 or sending a secure message in Online Banking. For TDD hearing-impaired assistance through Relay Service, dial 7-1-1, provide the Relay Operator with 1-855-488-7873.
To opt out of receiving PurePoint Financial email marketing, follow the directions at the bottom of the marketing email.
How We Protect Your Information
We use standard security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use. These measures include device safeguards and secured files and buildings, as well as oversight of our third party service providers and employee training.
We also ask that you do your part by taking precautions such as keeping your User ID and password safe, running an updated version of your virus protection software, and notifying us immediately if you suspect fraudulent activity.
You can learn more about safeguarding your information here .
Protecting Children
We feel strongly about protecting the privacy of children. As such, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Changes to Our Online Privacy Policy
We may add to or change this Policy from time to time and will post the revised Policy on this site. Your continued use of our site or any online service following changes to the Policy will constitute your agreement to any changes.
How to Reach Us Us If you have any questions about our practices, or would like to review or request changes to personally identifiable information you have provided to us, please contact MUFG Union Bank at 800-652-1062, option 6, or write us at:
MUFG Union Bank, N.A.
Monterey Park, CA 91755-7417
© 2018 MUFG Union Bank, N.A. All rights reserved. Member FDIC. Union Bank is a registered trademark and brand name of MUFG Union Bank, N.A. PurePoint and the PurePoint logo are trademarks and brand names of MUFG Union Bank, N.A.
tcm:9-41475
MUFG Union Bank, N.A. All rights reserved. Member FDIC. Equal Housing Lender
Union Bank is a registered trademark and brand name of MUFG Union Bank, N.A.
tcm:9-58696
