Search term
Privacy policy
This privacy statement covers how we handle information we learn about you through your use of the Department of Licensing (DOL):
Website
Online services (like tab renewal, change of address, etc.)
You can also read our Conditions of use page to get information on your use of our site.
Data Collection and Use
Information collected if you only browse this site
We may gather and store certain information about your visit when you browse our website. We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain and network address you use to access our site
The type of web browser and operating system you are using
The date and time of your visit
The pages you visit on this website
The last website you visited before coming to ours
Other web traffic statistics such as Google Analytics
We use the information we automatically collect to:
Improve the content of our web services
Help us understand how people are using our services
Information collected if you volunteer information
If you take a survey, send us an email, or perform an online transaction when visiting our website, we may collect the following information:
Your email address and contents of the email
Information volunteered in response to a survey
Information volunteered through an online form for any other purpose
The information collected may also include:
Audio
Video
Graphic information formats you send us
We don't usually ask for or collect this kind of information from the general public through this website.
We may:
Use the email you send us to respond to issues and further improve our services
Forward your email to another agency or a vendor for appropriate action
We're required to keep this information only as long as it's useful and then destroy it. We follow the records retention schedules  published by the State Archives (sos.wa.gov). These schedules change from time to time.
Online services requiring a login ID and password (or digital certificate) to access
When you access our secure online services, you'll log on with a:
User name and password
Ensure your security
Safeguard your data
Provide reasonable protection of private information in our possession.
We don't disclose your secure login information, such as a user name and password, to the public. Information provided to DOL via secure services is disclosable only to the extent required by law.
Personal Information
Personally identifiable information (PII) is information that can distinguish or trace someone's identity. Personal information includes such things as your name, address, and phone number.
We only collect PII when you provide it to us voluntarily by:
Sending us email
Taking a survey
You may choose not to contact us by email or to provide any PII using an online form or survey.
If you choose to provide PII, we may store this information.
The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) (gpo.gov) governs information gathering online from or about children under the age of 13. We are especially concerned about protecting children's privacy. Under COPPA, a web site must get parental permission before collecting personally identifiable information about a child under the age of 13.
Public Access to Information
Government is open
The public has a right to access appropriate records and information we store
There are exceptions, as outlined in state and federal laws, that protect the privacy of individuals.
As a public agency, all our information is governed by laws such as Washington's Public Records Act RCW 42.56 . Information you send us may become a public record. It may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Public Records Act or other law governing the agency's disclosure of records, the Public Records Act or other applicable law will control.
Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
Review information about them
Recommend changes in information they believe to be inaccurate
To access any PII we collect about you, email publicrecords@dol.wa.gov . We'll do our best to correct factual errors in your PII if you send us a written request that shows the error. We'll take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
User Tracking and Customization of Pages
To better serve our customers, we use methods to customize your browsing experience. This includes cookies. If your browser is set to block all cookies, it could affect the availability and functionality of this website. We only control the methods we provide. We don't have control over third-party applications embedded in the website.
Many  of our online transactions require cookies. If you delete or reject them you might not be  able to use our online services to complete a transaction. There are 2 kinds of cookies we use:
Session expiring
These track sessions specific options and are only valid while the session is active.
Non-session expiring
When in-use, these cookies enable us to establish a trusted relationship with the computer you use regularly. Many banks and other businesses use this to simplify the login process.
To find out more about cookies, visit:
The Federal Trade Commission's explanation on Internet Cookies
Washington State privacy resources at Privacy.wa.gov
Security
Safeguard the integrity of its data
Prevent unauthorized access to information maintained by us
We've designed these measures with the intent to:
Prevent corruption of data
Block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems and information
Provide reasonable protection of information in our possession
Copyright
Content on the site is public information, except for secure services, and may be copied, downloaded, or distributed.
Images are protected by copyright and licensing with the creators and can't be redistributed in any form.
Disclaimer
We don't warrant the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published by this system. We don't endorse any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system.  Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity who relies on any information obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Our web site contains links to other web sites such as:
Other government agencies
Nonprofit organizations
Private businesses
When you follow a link to another site, you are no longer on our web site and this Privacy Policy will not apply. You will be subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
We reserve the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time without notice by posting the revision on our site.
Questions? Need help?
Email us: webpublish@dol.wa.gov
