TRACK NUMBERS
Privacy Policy
The Multi-State Lottery Association (MUSL) provides access to and use of the Powerball, MUSL, and other associated web sites subject to these terms and conditions. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY AS USE OF THESE WEBSITES CONSTITUTES ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND TO THE PRIVACY POLICY.
If you find our terms and conditions, or privacy policies or any changes to these terms and conditions and/or policy unacceptable, you should discontinue visiting the site.
From time to time, we may update these terms and conditions and the privacy policy.  We will update you by labeling the information as “Updated” and the date.  
The terms “we”, “us” or “our” refer to MUSL.  
The terms “user”, “you” or “your” refer to you as a person who interacts with the Website, and may provide data or information to us.
Disclaimer of Liability
Neither MUSL nor any of its member lotteries, Directors, Officers or employees shall be held liable for any improper or incorrect use of the information described and/or contained herein and assumes no responsibility for anyone's use of the information. In no event shall the MUSL or its member lotteries, Directors, Officers or employees be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to, procurement or substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this system, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. 
This disclaimer of liability applies to any damages or injury, including but not limited to those caused by any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus, communication line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, alteration of, or use of record, whether for breach of contract, tortious behavior, negligence or under any other cause of action. 
The MUSL and any other parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website assume no responsibility for, and shall not be liable for, any damages to or interference with equipment, programs, files, or other property (for example, from viruses) whether such damages are related to access or use of the website or other locations accessible through the website. Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with or damage sustained in connection with the website is to stop using the website. Your permission to use the website may automatically terminate without notice at the MUSL's sole discretion.
Your access to and use of the website are at your risk. Under no circumstances, including but not limited to negligence, shall the MUSL, its member lotteries, Directors, Officers and employees and any other parties involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages) arising out of or related to your access to, use of, or inability to access or use the website, or other locations accessible through the website, even if the MUSL or a MUSL authorized representative has been advised of the possibility of such damages. 
Disclaimer of Warranties
Although the data found using the MUSL's access systems have been produced and processed from sources believed to be reliable, no warranty, expressed or implied, is made by the MUSL, its member lotteries, Directors, Officers or employees regarding accuracy, adequacy, completeness, legality, reliability or usefulness of any information. This disclaimer applies to both isolated and aggregate uses of the information. The MUSL provides this information on an ""as is"" basis and the MUSL, its member lotteries, Directors, Officers and employees assume no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the website. All warranties of any kind, express or implied, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, freedom from contamination by computer viruses and non-infringement of proprietary rights are disclaimed. 
Disclaimer of Accuracy of Data
The user expressly agrees that use of the MUSL's website is at the user's sole risk. The MUSL does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free. The documents published on this server could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. The information in the website may be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date and the MUSL makes no commitment to update such information. Changes may be made periodically to laws, regulations, rules, and similar materials; these changes may or may not be incorporated in any new materials on the website. If you have obtained information from the MUSL from a source other than the MUSL, be aware that electronic data can be altered subsequent to original distribution. It is recommended that careful attention be paid to the contents of any data associated with a file, and that the originator of the data or information be contacted with any questions regarding appropriate use. If you find any errors or omissions, we encourage you to report them to the MUSL. (letters@musl.com)
Disclaimer for External Links
The MUSL is not responsible for the contents of any on- or off-site pages referenced. The user specifically acknowledges that the MUSL is not liable for the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of other users, links, or third parties and that the risk of injury from the foregoing rests entirely with the user. Links from the MUSL on the Internet to other websites do not constitute an endorsement from the MUSL. These links are provided as an information service only. It is the responsibility of the web surfer to evaluate the content, accuracy and usefulness of information obtained from this or other websites. The MUSL's Homepage contains links to other related Internet websites and resources. Since the MUSL's Homepage is not responsible for the availability of these outside resources or their contents, you should direct any concerns regarding any external link to its website administrator or webmaster.
Privacy Policy
Information Regarding ""Cookies"" and Privacy
In order to better serve you, we reserve the right to use cookies to customize your browsing experience. Cookies are simple text files stored by your web browser. We use the cookie feature only to store a randomly generated ""identifying tag"" on your computer. These ""tags"" provide a method of distinguishing among visitors to the MUSL's website. Our use of cookies cannot be used to ""steal"" information about you or your computer system nor do they compromise your privacy or security. You can refuse the cookies or delete the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available methods.
If you identify yourself by sending an e-mail, you may decide to send the MUSL personally-identifying information, for example your phone number or mailing address, in an e-mail message requesting that information or records be mailed to you. Information collected in this manner is used by the MUSL solely for responding to requests for information or records. Further, you should be aware that such communications are not secure and, in theory, could be viewed by anyone with access to the Internet. The MUSL, its member lotteries, Directors, Officers and employees are not responsible for any damage caused by the obtaining of personal or personally-identifying information by a third party by any means, including theft, program error, human error, and by any means of malicious intent. MUSL does not sell or rent this information to anyone.  
For the protection of website users and the MUSL, the MUSL will fully cooperate with any member lotteries, law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing MUSL to disclose the identity of anyone allegedly posting any information or materials. 
Personal Information is information that may identifies a person.  Personal information that may be collected includes the following:
first and last name;
home or other physical address, including street name and name of a city or town;
e-mail address;
telephone number;
other identifier that permits the physical or online contact of a natural person; and
information concerning a natural person that is collected online and maintained in personally identifiable form in combination with another identifier such as name or address.
We may also collect domain name, location, or IP addresses – this information is not personally identifiable information.  
We collect and use various types of information to maximize your experience with our Website.  This information will allow us to improve the Website.  
We collect and use information that you choose to share with us, and may use the information to communicate with you in various ways, including via e-mails, surveys and newsletters.  
If you participate in a survey, send an email to us, or subscribe to an electronic newsletter, the Website will gather the following information, some of which may be considered personally identifiable information.   
If you use social media, and “like” us, or follow us on twitter, we may collect information such as you username. 
If you set up an account with us, we will collect this information:     
birthdate;
gender;
Copyright
The MUSL shall remain the sole and exclusive owner of all rights, title and interest in and to all specifically copyrighted information created and posted for inclusion in this system. Users should assume, unless otherwise specifically noted, that everything you see or hear on the MUSL website, and any files or programming related to the website, are protected by proprietary rights, such as copyright, trademark, rights of publicity, etc. Absence of a specific notice of proprietary rights, such as a copyright notice, does not necessarily mean that the item is in the public domain. Unauthorized copying or use of items from the website can lead to enforcement actions by the holders of proprietary rights, severe penalties, and, in some instances, criminal actions. Users may not, recopy, distribute, publicly display, modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use for public or commercial purposes any of the contents of the website, such as text, images, audio, and video, without the MUSL's prior written permission. Please send e-mail to MUSL for permission requests. (letters@musl.com)
Hyperlink Policy
MUSL welcomes hyperlink establishment to its web sites. The link should be established under the following conditions: 
It should be established to the home page of the web site at www.powerball.com or www.musl.com.
None of the our website pages should be framed or inserted.
It should not be construed as any form of Powerball or MUSL’s endorsement of your web site or any sort of co-operation, partnership or joint venture between us.
Only the name and the web site address of Powerball or MUSL can be displayed on your web site that is linked with the our web sites.
You may not use the any logo (i.e. Powerball, Hot Lotto, etc.) without our express written approval. 
MUSL when appropriate, may use links to other web sites. MUSL is not responsible for the contents of any of the information on any web sites linked with its web site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by the MUSL or its members.
Solicitation Prohibited
Use of the MUSL information technology system to send unsolicited faxes and e-mail to the MUSL's members or its employees is prohibited. 
Statements Provided by Third Parties
Occasionally, statements or material by third parties, including advertisers, may be posted on the web site. This is not an indication of MUSL's or its members endorsement of such statements or information. 
Choice of Law
 
×
Keep Up With the Winning Numbers in Powerball!
Sign up for the free email newsletter and keep track of where the Powerball jackpot is headed.
Thank You for Signing Up for our Newsletter!
Copyright© Multi-State Lottery Association. All Rights Reserved.
