Updated May 25, 2018
Preferred411 has created this privacy statement to state the manner in which Preferred411 keeps, uses and discloses information collected from the users of this website. We take your privacy very seriously, and recognize the importance of maintaining your privacy as the cornerstone of our business' success.
By joining and using Preferred411, you have voluntarily given us your information and you give your consent for Preferred411 to keep and use your information as laid out in this policy.
Your Information
CLIENTS:  When you sign up for a client membership, Preferred411 often collects some personal information for verification purposes, such as: full name, e-mail address, telephone number, website URL, etc. If your private information was collected during the verification process, it was deleted and destroyed once the verification process was completed. The information we keep at the point of activation is client id, email address, user name, security questions, and partial phone number.
COMPANIONS:  When you sign up for a companion account, Preferred411 requires images of you and your government identification to prove that you are over the age of 21. These images are kept as encrypted data to ensure that companion accounts are not shared with anyone other than the account holder. We also require a username, email address and security questions.
COMMUNICATIONS:  All communications made through Preferred411 are kept on record, as are all communications with Preferred411. All activity within accounts is kept on record.
COOKIES:  Preferred411 collects information about how users access the website using a tracking id unique to each user, through the use of cookies. This information is for internal use only and does not personally identify you in any way. If your browser does not accept cookies, the site will not function correctly.
TRAFFIC DATA:  Preferred411 collects traffic data that does not personally identify you, including IP addresses, geodata, browser type, referral urls, etc.
How We Use Your Information
Your client id or username is required to log in and use Preferred411. The security questions on your account will assist you in gaining access if login details are lost. Your email address is used to receive renewal reminders and important service related correspondence. If you do not wish to provide a working email address or do not wish to receive communications from Preferred411 or its members via email, please do not sign up.
We also use all information collected to actively seek out unfavorable, fraudulent or illegal activity on Preferred411, as well as any activity that violates our Terms & Conditions.
Information Sharing
Preferred411 will never share your information, except in the following limited ways:
to comply with a court order or other legal obligation
if we believe disclosure is necessary for the safety of Preferred411 and/or its members
if we feel it is necessary to take action regarding suspected unfavorable, fraudulent or criminal activity
with your consent
In addition, any information you choose to disclose to other members on your profile, via private message, appointment or Okay request, or any other avenue could be collected and used by those other members. Information shared with other members should be information you would be comfortable having visible to the general public. Do not share anything with other members that specifically identifies you, your location, or anything that you wish to remain private.
How Long Do We Keep Information
Your information is kept as long as you are a member, regardless of account status.
Deletion of Information
Other than your client id, all information found on your profile is wholly within your control and can be updated at your convenience. You can view what other members see about you, by clicking Provider View (clients) or clicking on your thumbnail (companions).
If you would like your information to be completely deleted from our servers, provide us with a detailed written request. This will result in your account and information being removed from Preferred411 and the complete loss of use of member areas of the site.
In limited cases, where we suspect unfavorable, fraudulent or criminal activity is taking place, as well as any activity that violates our Terms & Conditions, your information will not be deleted for the protection of Preferred411 and/or its members.
Transmission of Payment Details
Online payments, such as credit cards, gift cards, and bitcoin are transferred directly to third party processors. Preferred411 does not collect this data (such as credit card numbers) and the payment processors only share very limited information with us, in order to activate and maintain your membership.
Encryption
The entire Preferred411 site is secured by using 128 bit SSL technology.
Every effort is made to ensure the security of our servers and the data we retain. However, we are unable to make any guarantees that our measures will prevent an illegal hacking, which could result in the data on our servers being compromised. You assume this risk by voluntarily providing your information to Preferred411, with the understanding that such hacking incidents can occur despite reasonable security measures being in place.
Membership Renewals
We do not automatically renew any membership, and there is no need to cancel your membership to ensure you will not be charged again. When your membership is about to expire, you will receive email notifications and can decide if, and how, you wish to pay to renew your membership.
Refund Policy
We do not offer refunds. In the event of a disputed transaction, please contact support at support@preferred411.com.
Other Websites
The Preferred411 website contains links to other sites. Preferred411 is not responsible for the privacy practices of any other site.
Your Responsibility
You are responsible for the security of your password. Make sure you keep it in a safe place and do not share it with others. You must let us know immediately if your login details are lost, stolen or being used without permission, so the account can be secured.
Your client id should only be given out via Requests found on P411, this is for your own safety and security. Always remember to log out after your session ends to ensure that others cannot access your account. You should take this precaution not only if you are using a public computer, such as at a library or internet cafe, but even when using your private computer in your home.
Changes to this Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement.
Contact Us
