;
 
Security and Privacy 
CIPHER’s websites use reasonable commercial methods and security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We store the information in a database in a secure environment protected from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When personal information is transmitted, it is protected with encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. CIPHER shares information with our partners ONLY for the sole purpose of better supporting our current and future customers. We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information outside of this partner arrangement unless ordered by a court of law. CIPHER enforces a strict internal policy regarding information protection requirements. Information submitted to CIPHER is restricted to employees managing this information for specific purposes only. These purposes include contacting you (via email, phone, etc.) in an effort to respond to a request or provide a service, and to notify you of CIPHER’s events and other CIPHER’s related activities such as training. CIPHER may also contact you with surveys in order to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Who Are We?
CIPHER is a global cybersecurity company that delivers highly accredited  Managed Security Services  and  Security Consulting Services  with ISO 20000 and ISO 27001, SOC I and SOC II, PCI QSA and PCI ASV certifications. We have received many awards including Best MSSP from Frost & Sullivan for the past five years. These services are supported by the best in class security intelligence lab: CIPHER Intelligence. Our offices are located in North America, Europe, and Latin America with 24×7×365 Security Operations Centers and R&D laboratories, complemented by strategic partners around the globe.
Our clients consist of Fortune 500 companies, world-renowned enterprises, and government agencies with countless success stories. CIPHER provides organizations with proprietary technologies and specialized services to defend against advanced threats while managing risk and ensuring compliance through innovative solutions.
How do we collect information?
When you visit CIPHER’s websites, our system uses cookies to collect statistical or non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our sites (e.g., IP address, pages visited, the origin of visitor domains, types of browsers used, and anonymous demographic information). However, unless you actively submit personal information, we do not typically identify you via the non-personally identifiable information. This information provides us with general statistics regarding our sites, giving insight into how effective certain areas of our sites are to users and how we might improve the user experience.
What type of information is collected?
CIPHER collects the information (including personally identifiable information) you provide when you send us e-mails, when you register for any of our events or classes, when you contact us about products and services, or request to download information, and in the operation of services. The personal information we collect might include your full name, email address, address, job title, company and position background, etc. as well as information about what pages you accessed and when.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through CIPHER’s website and public message boards, this information may be collected and used by third-parties. Note: CIPHER does not read any of your private online communications.
How is information used?
Improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website
Send relevant information to you which we think may be of interest to you by blog post, email, or other means
Send you marketing communications related to our business or the business of carefully selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you.
How is information secured?
Your personal information is protected through an array of security technologies and procedures. We protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. If Personal Information (such as full name, IP address, company background) is collected on our website, we use the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to protect your information.
Blog Sites 
If you leave a comment on a CIPHER’s blog, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit on our blog site can be read, collected, or otherwise used by anyone who reads the blog or who visits the URL of the blog post you comment on. We are not responsible for use of this information by non-CIPHER personnel. Your name and e-mail are required for verification and protection against spam. The name you leave will be published and is used as an identifier of the comment. The email provided is not published and will not be sold, rented, or shared outside of this partner arrangement unless ordered by a court of law. All blog content including posts, articles, and comments, are reviewed before being published.
Social Media Features  
Our websites include social media features, including platform sharing and widgets. These features may collect your IP address, your visited sites, and may place a cookie to enable the feature. Our social media features and widgets are hosted by a third party or directly on our websites. This privacy policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these social media features are governed by the third party’s privacy policy.
Third-Party Websites
Please be aware that other websites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. CIPHER does not share your personal information with those websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. Please check the applicable Privacy Policy of those sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these third-party websites.
Testimonials 
We post customer testimonials on our website. These testimonials may contain personally identifiable information, such as the customer’s name. We obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial so that we can post their name along with their testimonial.
Cookies 
Client-side cookies are used to verify the login status of customers using products or services linked directly with our website. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize pages, or register on site, a cookie helps CIPHER to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. The information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the features that you customized. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our sites; however, the user may not be able to access all areas of our sites.
Opt-Out
To opt-out of having any provided information used for email communications from us, please click on the opt-out (unsubscribe) link in any message you receive from us. This will allow you to unsubscribe or update your message preferences. Alternately, you may contact us at mkt.cipher@cipher.com.
Children’s Privacy
These websites are not intended for people under the age of 13. CIPHER does not knowingly solicit or collect information from children or minors (under the age of 18).
Policy Consent
By using our websites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This policy appears in its completed form and supersedes any earlier version.
Notification of Changes
This Privacy Policy is subject to change without notice. Any changes to this policy will be posted on our site at least one week prior to their taking effect. If at any point, we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users via email of the changes to our policy. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our website.
Privacy Policy Effective Date: February 14, 2018 
CIPHER welcomes your comments regarding this statement of privacy. If you believe that CIPHER Security has not adhered to this statement, please contact us at mkt.cipher@cipher.com . We will use reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.  
Contact Information
CIPHER Security
Email: mkt.cipher@cipher.com
Are you ready to take your security to the next level?
Our Security Experts are here to help
