Sat, Sun 9:00AM - 10:00PM
What is this?
×
1. zZounds offers the industry‘s most musician-friendly payment plans
zZounds offers a variety of Play as you Pay® installment plans that allow you to                             get the gear you want today. While our competitors might offer house credit cards that require you to fill out an application and pass a credit check, our payment plans are easy                             to get, simple to use, and, best of all, accrue zero interest. Unlike those house credit                             cards that can leave you vulnerable to exorbitant interest charges once the promotional                             period ends, we never have and never will charge interest when you take advantage of one                             of the zZounds Play as you Pay® plans.
2. zZounds guarantees the lowest price
Seen it for less somewhere else? Get it for less at zZounds. Simply click the “Seen                             it for less?” link on any product page and as long as we‘re not losing money,                             we‘ll beat any legitimate competitor‘s lowest price, usually within two hours.                             Want our best price even faster? Call us at 866-zZounds (866-996-8637), and we‘ll provide you with                             a lower price on the phone. Also, if you purchase from us and later find the product for                             less elsewhere, call or email us within 45 days, and we‘ll refund you the difference.
3. Nobody Beats zZounds‘ Fast & Free Shipping
At zZounds, we know you want your gear fast, and shipped to you free of charge.                             That‘s why we have absolutely free ground shipping on every single order shipped                             within the continental United States. This includes heavy and oversized items. No minimum                             purchase required. No exclusions. We also ship over 90% of our orders with FREE 2-day shipping.                             We pull it all off with our strategically placed, coast-to-coast warehouses.
4. zZounds makes returns super easy
Buy it, try it, like it, or return it to us for a full refund. It‘s just that simple.                             If you‘re not in love with what you bought, return it to zZounds within 45 days, and                             we‘ll promptly arrange for an exchange or a refund. No hassles. No hidden charges. And                             if a product‘s defective or damaged, call us at 866-zZounds (866-996-8637), and we‘ll email                             you a prepaid shipping label so you can easily return it to us at zero cost to you.
5. zZounds delivers top-rated customer service
zZounds has received multiple Bizrate® Circle of Excellence Platinum awards,                             placing us in the top 0.7 percent of Bizrate‘s network of 5,200 retailers. Our success                             in meeting the needs of our customers -- since 1996, we‘ve satisfied over 1,000,000                             people -- is due in large part to the fact that zZounds only hires experienced musicians to                             answer your calls and emails, and they are never paid a commission.
Need it now but short of cash? All we need is the first payment up front and the rest in                                 easy monthly payments!
Fast approval.
We approve everyone, with very few exceptions, as long as we can verify your identity.
No interest. Ever.
It's just as if you paid the whole amount up front!
No paperwork. Nothing to track.
×
Why fight traffic and pushy salesmen when we'll bring your gear straight to your home,                             free of charge?
zZounds free shipping is really free!
No hidden charges or hassles on returns.
Fast, reliable delivery
×
We'll beat any price
Really. It's not a problem for us. In fact, we'll thank you for the chance to live up                                 to our lowest price guarantee!
It's fast and easy
Just tell us where you saw the lower price - another website, an email offer, your                                 local store - and we'll send you our lowest price offer in a matter of hours.
Simply click the Seen it for less? link
Next to the item you want, or give us a call at 866-zZounds (866-996-8637).
You'll still get the trustworthy service you've come to expect from zZounds, without                                 paying more for your gear!
PRIVACY
zZounds Music knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting zZounds Music, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
You have choices when you shop, and you have the right to privacy. Ask about a company's privacy policy before you shop there, and make sure any company you shop with respects your privacy as we do.
What Personal Information About Customers Does zZounds Music Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at zZounds Music. Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us
You provide information when you search, buy, post, participate in a contest or questionnaire, or communicate with customer service. For example, you provide information when you search for a product; make an order; submit information via website forms; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire or a contest entry form; participate in Discussion Boards; provide and rate Reviews; and so forth. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, and phone number; credit card information; the names of people to whom purchases have been shipped, including their addresses and phone numbers; the names of people (with addresses and phone numbers) listed in stored settings; the content of reviews and e-mails to us; a personal description; and financial information, including Social Security and driver's license numbers.
We receive and store most information you enter on our website or give us in any other way (such as by phone). We use the information that you provide to personalize and improve your shopping experience at zZounds.com. Your information allows us to respond to your requests, verify and fulfill your orders, customize future shopping for you, and communicate with you.
Automatic Information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Websites, we use "cookies" (explained below) and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses zZounds Music. We also use “Action Tags” (explained below) and other data-collection methods. Data collected and stored include your IP address, the last page you visited, and a session ID we store on your computer so we can preserve information about you (such as your shopping cart contents) as you travel from page to page. Other examples of automatic information we collect and analyze may include login; e-mail address; password; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history; the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our Website, including date and time; cookie number; products you viewed or searched for; category pages you visited; and the phone number used to call our 800 number.
We may tie data collected automatically to information that you provide us with in order to customize and make more enjoyable your experience at zZounds Music.
A number of companies offer utilities designed to help you visit Websites anonymously. Although we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at zZounds Music if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.
E-mail Communications
We send customized promotional email newsletters, but only to those who have opted to receive them. Also, any time you receive a promotional email, you will receive instructions on how to prevent receipt of any further promotional emails. To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from zZounds Music if your computer supports such capabilities.
Information from Other Sources
We might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our account information. For example, we may sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily.
Data Retention Policy
We do not store some spam email and some raw log files.
Where required, we promptly delete some credit-card information. Aside from these exceptions, we do attempt to keep most substantive data forever.
What About Cookies?
Cookies are very small alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to a file on your computer through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features such as storage of items in your shopping cart between visits, storing a record of recent items you have browsed, and other personalized content.
We cannot use cookies to access any personal information on your computer, and we cannot use cookies to do anything dangerous to your computer.
Cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of zZounds Music's coolest features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
However, we want you to know that cookies are not required for basic use of the site, and the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
Users without cookies enabled with have limited functionality, and will be unable to place orders via the web. If you have chosen to disable cookies in your browser, please call us toll free at 800-996-8637 and place your order with a sales representative.
Action Tags and other Data Collection Methods
Action tags are 1x1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information.
Our internal or third-party ad server, content servers, affiliate program manager and website analysis agents may use action tags or other data-collection methods to log clicks on a particular banner ad and visits to pages of our site, to record information about what products are viewed or purchased (including on our shopping chart page, checkout page, and other pages), and to log other behaviors on our site. The information collected by these tags may also include (but is not limited to) the amount of the purchase, order confirmation number, stock keeping unit number, quantity and identity of the product purchased. Among other things, this can tell us (and other advertisers, publishers, or affiliates) which ads are the most effective on particular sites.
Does zZounds Music Share the Information It Receives?
The following exceptions apply in order to allow for such activities as filling your order when it is not shipped directly from our own warehouse:
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include fulfilling orders and order bonuses, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to the personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers: Some time in the future we may send offers to selected groups of zZounds Music customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. If you do not want to receive such offers, you will be able to exclude yourself from any further such mailings.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the unlikely event that zZounds Music, Inc., or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of zZounds Music and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of zZounds Music, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. zZounds Music reserves the right to disclose information identified as likely to be fraudulent (whether proven or not) to government agencies, credit-card companies, their investigators, and the proven cardholder.
Mailing List: zZounds may occasionally share a portion of its mailing list with other reputable organizations. This information does not include your email address. If you do not want your name and address shared with other organizations, or do not wish to receive our mailings, please contact us.
In Aggregation: Information aggregated such that it should reveal no information specifically about you, but only about a larger group of individuals in aggregate (such as everyone from the same zip code), may be shared with other individuals or companies.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
Other Anonymous Sharing: We may share tracked information with affiliates, publishers, researchers, those who advertise with us, or other individuals or companies in anonymous form.
How Secure Is My Information?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We reveal only some digits of your credit card number when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.
It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
What Information Can I Access?
In the future, zZounds Music may give you access to the following information about you for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information. The exact information you can access and modify will change as our Website evolves.
What Choices Do I Have?
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of some other great zZounds Music features.
You may be able to add or update certain information in the future. However, please be aware that when you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, we will respect your wishes.
You can explore the use of products that offer anonymous browsing. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy on its own website.
Children
zZounds Music does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use zZounds Music only with involvement of a parent or guardian.
Terms of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit zZounds Music, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the state of New Jersey. If you have any concern about privacy at zZounds Music, please send a thorough description to feedback@zZounds.com , and we will try to resolve it.
Our business changes constantly. This Notice and the Terms of Use will change also, and use of information that we gather now is subject to the Privacy Notice in effect at the time of use. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that zZounds Music is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Notice applies only to information collected by this website.
Sat, Sun 9:00AM - 10:00PM
Have questions? Please call us at 866-zZounds (866-996-8637) and mention priority code 1LHW-8RK7
Lunes-Viernes de                         9AM a                         7PM EST
Stay Connected
ZZOUNDS EMAIL
Sign up to receive emails from zZounds, and never miss out on information handpicked for you by our gear experts!
You can unsubscribe at any time
sign up
