Breaking news sponsored by
Available online at  https://investorplace.com/corporate/privacy/
Overview
You should read this entire Privacy Policy, but here is a partial list of some of the key topics.  Any capitalized terms have the meanings given to them where defined in the Privacy Policy.
We ask you for, and use Tracking Technologies to detect, information about you, and third parties may also do so in connection with our Service (defined below). As examples:
Third parties, including advertisers and advertising services providers, may collect information about you.  They may use Tracking Technologies in connection with our Service, which may include the collection of information about your online activities.  Their privacy policies, not ours, govern their practices.
We do not monitor or take any action with respect to so-called browser do not track signals.
We may share your information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, however, we will only do so when you have a choice to opt-in or opt-out from that type of sharing. Opt-outs apply prospectively to our sharing.  To opt-out of marketing from third parties that have previously been provided your personal information, contact them directly.
Your CA Privacy Rights: California residents have certain rights regarding our sharing of certain personal information with third parties for direct marketing.  See  Section 4 for more information.
We provide you with certain options detailed below to manage the editorial or informational publications we may send you, which may include ads but which are not primarily promotional in nature (“Newsletters”), as well as to manage certain commercial/promotional publications and use of your Personal Information.
You consent to our practices detailed in our Privacy Policy. Each time you use the Service, the version of our Privacy Policy then posted will apply to that use, so check for updates each time you access the Service.
Welcome! You have arrived at www.investorplace.com and/or are otherwise interacting with our Service (defined below), which is owned and operated by InvestorPlace Media, LLC (“Company” “InvestorPlace” or “us”).  This Privacy Policy governs your use of any online service that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (each a “Site”) (including, without limitation, both mobile and online versions), and also applies to your use of interactive features, widgets, plug-ins, applications, content, downloads and/or other services that we own and control and make available through a Site and/or that posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”), regardless of how you access or use them, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise, but does not apply to data we receive from third parties, except to the extent we combine such data with Personal Information (defined below) that we have ourselves collected under this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to our data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of our Service (unless otherwise stated below), and does not govern the data practices of third parties that may interact with our Service.  Also, it is limited to our practices, and our Service includes access to third-party content and services we do not control.  Consult their privacy policies regarding their practices.
 
1) Collection of Information
On the Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain categories of information such as: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, email address, and mailing address (“Personal Information”); and (2) demographic information, such as information about your gender, age, marital status, income or investment portfolio size, etc. (“Demographic Information”).  We may collect this information through various forms and in various places on the Service, including at registration and when you subscribe to Newsletters and other content.  To the extent we combine Demographic Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat the combined data as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.  In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to submit to us via our Service, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies (“Tracking Technologies”) that automatically (or passively) store or collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with the Service (“Usage Information”).  This Usage Information may be stored or accessed using a variety of technologies that may be downloaded to your personal computer, browser, laptop, tablet, mobile phone, or other device (a “Device”) whenever you visit or interact with our Service.  To the extent we associate Usage Information with your Personal Information we collect directly from you on the Service, we will treat such combined data as Personal Information, but we do not otherwise treat it (including IP Addresses, Device ID and other unique identifiers (“UID(s)”)) as Personal Information (i.e., we treat it as Non-Personal Information), except to the extent required by applicable law.
We collect no Personal Information about our users that is not supplied voluntarily by you such as through web forms or email. We, however, may at times collect Usage Information automatically from you.  Some of this Usage Information is collected through the use of cookies and other now and hereafter developed Tracking Technologies. Many types of cookies (but not all) may be deactivated by the user at any time through features available on your Internet browser. Transparent gifs or pixels may occasionally be used for the same purpose, but these items gather no Personal Information and have no effect on how you view our Services or how you navigate the Sites.
Some information about your use of the Service and certain Third Party Services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by InvestorPlace and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant information to you.  Various third parties are developing or have developed signals or other mechanisms known as “do not track signals”.  For instance, some browsers may have such signal options, though they differ as to if the signal is set as default or must be turned on by the user.  Further, there is not yet an industry consensus as to what site and app operators should do with regard to these signals.  Accordingly, we do not monitor or take any action with respect to these signals or other mechanisms, though we may consider doing so if an understandable and practical standard is developed and widely adopted.  For more information on “do not track” visit  http://www.allaboutdnt.com .  For information on options related to interest-based advertising, see Section 7.
 
a) Your Email Address
We collect email addresses for many purposes, including for fulfilling a paid Newsletter service, fulfilling free Newsletter services, to sell and market our own and third-party paid and free products, and to share with third-party companies for their own purposes.  Some Newsletters include advertising.  In addition, we may send you purely commercial/promotional emails.  However, as discussed below, we provide you with various options to manage your emails from us and our renting or sharing of your email for third-party marketing.
By requesting to receive any email from InvestorPlace, you agree to also receive email we think you would find of interest, including commercial/promotional emails and emails from or about third parties. However, as part of your first free or paid subscription to any emails from InvestorPlace we will undertake to confirm your subscription.  This helps us to confirm that our email lists are subscribed to with a working address and with the owner’s consent.
Though we hope you gain value from the messages you receive, you can choose to opt out of receiving further commercial/promotional emails from InvestorPlace by following the instructions provided at the close of each of our commercial/promotional emails. We typically also provide the opportunity to unsubscribe from Newsletter services by following the instruction on those emails.  We categorize the types of emails from us that you can limit as either: (i) our Newsletters, (ii) various third-party marketing we send; and (iii) commercial/promotional emails we send.  We manage your email choices by these three categories and limiting one category of emails does not limit the others, and if you elect to opt-out of a specific Newsletter or other type of email within a category only, that will not affect your other subscriptions within such category.  In addition, you can also opt-out of our further sharing of your email with third-parties for their own direct marketing purposes, and of our sending you commercial/promotional email on behalf of third-parties, as set forth in Section 2(b) below.
 
b) Third-party Email Marketing
 
c) Free Newsletter Signup
 
d) Postal Address, Phone and Fax
 
e) Your Submission of Personal Information to Third Parties
We may provide you with registration and submission tools that allow you to submit Personal Information to a third party directly, such as to request promotional and other information from the third party.  In such case you, not we, are sharing your Personal Information with the third party, and you consent to facilitation we may perform to enable you to do so and you agree to look solely to that third party regarding its receipt and use of your data.
 
f) Other Personal Information Collection
When you purchase a paid Newsletter service from us, we will request certain Personal Information, including your name, postal address, daytime and evening telephone numbers, and credit card number (where applicable). Individuals who do not have a Visa, MasterCard, Discover or American Express credit card are not permitted to make purchases online.  We may also collect your Personal Information in other situations where you submit it to us, such in the course of customer service.
 
 
h) Other Sharing of Your Information
Your Personal Information is not shared with third parties other than as described above, except as follows:
With our vendors that provide services to us;
In connection with a merger or acquisition as set forth in Section 6 below; and
Where you have otherwise consented.
In addition, to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, we may also disclose your information if we believe in good faith that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: (i) protect or defend the rights, safety or property of InvestorPlace or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Privacy Policy, our  Terms and Conditions , and other applicable agreements and policies); (ii) comply with legal and regulatory obligations and government requests (e.g., pursuant to law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas or court orders); (iii) comply with our obligations and commitments to safeguard the privacy and security of your information; or (iv) prevent unauthorized, improper or illegal activities on the Service.  Further, we may disclose information about you as otherwise permitted under our Terms and Conditions or as specifically disclosed when we collect information from you.  Additionally, if you notify us that you believe your rights have been violated in connection with the Service or another user of the Service, we may disclose information about you to the extent necessary to evaluate and respond to your concern.  To the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law, we have complete discretion in electing to make or not make such disclosures, and to contest or not contest requests for such disclosures, all without notice to you.
 
3) How Can You Be Sure That Your Information is Secure?
We take the security of your Personal Information quite seriously and we make ongoing efforts to protect it.  However, no electronic communication over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secured. Though we take great care to protect your Personal Information, InvestorPlace cannot warrant the security of any information that you submit to us, including your portfolios on PortfolioGrader.com, and you do so at your own risk. We do not share your credit card number with other parties, other than those involved with the administration of your subscription and related transactions (e.g., payment processing).
 
4) Your California Privacy Rights
 
5) How Can You Use the Information Found at InvestorPlace?
 
6) What Happens In the Event of a Merger or Acquisition?
 
7) What About Advertising?
InvestorPlace features several services that are co-sponsored by other websites and other third parties. One example of such a feature is the quote service. Additionally, our Service contains links to other websites, including those of advertisers. We are not responsible for the claims or representations made by advertisers or other third parties. While third party co-sponsored activities, banner ads and links may originate on InvestorPlace, we do not operate them. For example, if you click on a link or banner advertisement, that click takes you out of our Service to a third-party location such as the ad provider’s site. These other sites and services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies, collect data, or solicit Personal Information from you. Since we do not have control over the privacy practices or the content of these third-party locations, we recommend that you check their privacy policies before giving out any Personal Information.
 
8) Communication Options.
 
9) Contact Us
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We hope this Privacy Policy has explained what we do with the Personal Information that we collect from you, our views and practices regarding Personal Information, and how they affect you as you use our features and services, and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information is collected and used.
 
10) Changes to the Privacy Policy
 
ADVERTISEMENT
More On InvestorPlace:
Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes.
