Last Updated: April 25, 2018
Welcome and thanks for visiting our privacy policy page where we disclose the privacy practices of THE PRIVACY ADVOCATE ( www.theprivacyadvocate.com ) a Washington DC-based consulting firm. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website from organizations, not individuals, to respond to business inquiries. We do not use this website to communicate with individuals.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We only have access to information that you voluntarily give us via email, website form, or other direct contact with your business such as via a phone call that your business makes to us. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason your organization contacted us. We will not share your information with a third party.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may do the following at any time by contacting us via our email address:
Change/correct any business contact data we have about your organization.
Request we not use business contact data we have about your organization to respond to you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your organization’s contact data.
Registration
In order for users to contact us from this website, they’ll need to use our email or web form (to provide first and last names and email). We do not store this information. No additional registration is required. This information will be used to discuss the services on our website that you have expressed interest.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content, technologies or privacy practices of such sites. We encourage our users to be aware of this when they leave our site and we strongly recommend they read the website privacy policies of other websites that collect personally identifiable information. We are proponents of corporate and consumer education on privacy. So, look before you cross!
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. We currently do not collect sensitive information. For your business email information we have employed the use of encryption or Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect your information or communications with us. Your information will be protected both online and offline on our end.  Only designated personnel with the need to perform specific tasks (for example, billing or customer service) will be granted access to your company’s information. The computers or servers in which we will store any shared business information is kept in a secure environment with appropriate security and privacy safeguards implemented. We strive to not collect more information than is necessary to communicate with you.
Our website is secured through GoDaddy’s trusted SSL certificates. This certificate encrypts information sent to us via this website, then decrypts that information once we’ve received it. Particularly, GoDaddy uses SHA-2 and 2048-bit encryption to protect information on and from our website.  About GoDaddy’s Website Security .
Updates
Our Website Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via email at info@theprivacyadvocate.com
Thanks for choosing us for your privacy and security needs!
601 Pennsylvania Ave, NW, Washington, DC 20004
Social media & sharing icons powered by UltimatelySocial
