Find out how this affects you.
We all know the perils of social media and have been warned time and again to be careful about what we post. Whether you're applying to colleges, jobs, or just don't want to offend grandma, it's imperative that you think twice about what you're sharing on social media. Even if you're super careful with your privacy settings, it's still possible that NSFW pic could be made public. That's one of the reasons — OK the biggest one — that Snapchat is so popular with teens and young adults. Released in 2011, the platform promises to delete your posts after they're viewed or expired. Or at least they did.
Late last week Snapchat released a new Terms of Service and Privacy Policy that caused a huge uproar on the Internet — they'll now store your photos and can distribute them as they see fit. At least that was the original understanding of their new policies, which read in part:
“You grant Snapchat a worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free, sublicensable, and transferable license to host, store, use, display, reproduce, modify, adapt, edit, publish, create derivative works from, publicly perform, broadcast, distribute, syndicate, promote, exhibit, and publicly display that content in any form and in any and all media or distribution methods..."
And:
"You also grant Snapchat and our business partners the unrestricted, worldwide, perpetual right and license to use your name, likeness, and voice in any and all media and distribution channels..."
Words and phrases like "perpetual," "right and license to use your name," and "in any and all media or distribution methods," were particularly alarming, and in an effort to explain some of that wording, the company released a statement on its blog Sunday hoping to clarify its new system. It reads: “Snapchat is not — and never has been — stockpiling your private Snaps or Chats.” In short, they promised that they're still deleting posts, photos, and videos as soon as they've been viewed or expired. However, The Daily Beast pointed out after a close reading of the Privacy Policy that this only applies “in many cases,” and the company admits, “We can’t guarantee that messages and corresponding metadata will be deleted within a specific timeframe.”
Snapchat's blog post also highlighted the fact that these policies aren't entirely new, but just a clearer attempt to have a more honest relationship with its wide user base. "The main thing we did was to rewrite the Terms and Privacy Policy so that they’d read the way people actually talk. We always try to be upfront and clear with our community," Snapchat writes. The Daily Beast still seems skeptical though, and spoke to a privacy expert on how Snapchat is moving to more easily monetize its user-generated content. Wired , however, sees it differently and says the move is mainly aimed towards monetizing Live Stories and paid-for replays.
So what does this mean for you? Well, the app has always had access to your photos, and just because they're deleted from the app, doesn't mean they actually disappear. People can take screenshots of your snaps and Snapchat's leak last year — 4.6 million accounts were compromised — is proof that nothing really is sacred on social media. But, this shouldn't come as news to you. No, Snapchat isn't going to sell your personal snaps to the highest bidder, but you should always be mindful of what you send over the Interwebs.
CNWN Collection
