This Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we use and safeguard the information you provide in using our website (“Site”) and the services we provide (“Services”).
Your privacy is very important to us and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information.
Collection of Personal Information.
You can visit the Site without revealing any personal information. However, if you intend to use or gain access to the Services offered via the Site, you will be required to set up an account and register as a subscriber as a result of which you will be required to include personally identifiable information, meaning information which may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a name, e-mail addresses and such other similar information.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information.
We will use this information to reply to any of your questions, comments or concerns, improve or to provide you with the requested Services, set up your user account and contact you regarding new products and services.
Any and all other information which is voluntarily submitted, such as information which may be related to feedback forms on the Site shall be used for the purposes of reviewing the feedback and improving the Services. We reserve the right to use anonymous information for marketing purposes or in other communications. We may, from time to time, ask you to provide information on your experiences which will be used to measure and improve quality.
We may use third party banking organizations or payment services to bill you for the Services, and we will therefore provide this billing provider information for the necessary billing data. Please note that we will only use third party providers whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies with respect to your personal information.
We respect the privacy of your personal information and we will store and secure such personal data accordingly on our servers, in accordance with the relevant and applicable laws.
No Transfer of Personal Information.
We shall not sell, rent, trader or otherwise transfer your personal data and information, without your explicit permission to share the information for a specified purpose, or unless obliged to do so under applicable laws or by the order of the competent authorities, or in order to protect the personal safety of the users of the Site or to defend our rights or property interests.
Process of Information.
Please note that information collected on the Site may be stored and processed in any country in which we maintain facilities. In this regard, we reserve the right to transfer information outside of your country. As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase subsidiaries or other business units. In such transactions or in the event that we, or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, personal information of our users will generally be deemed one of the transferred business assets. We reserve the right to include your personal information, collected as an asset, in any such transfer to such third party.
Our Responsibility.
The Site may contain links that will let you leave the Site and access another website. Linked websites are not under our control and it is possible that these websites have a different privacy policy. The Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information that is acquired on this Site, so we urge you to be careful when you enter any personal information online. We accept no responsibility or liability for these other websites.
Security.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, your information is protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, we use industry-standard encryption to protect data transmissions. We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures. Further, we retain your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes identified above or as required by law.
Consent.
By accessing the Site and/or the Services and voluntarily providing us with the requested personal information, you consent to the collection and use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. If you do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal information to us. If you have provided personal information to us and no longer consent to its use or disclosure as outlined herein, please notify us using our contact page.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
We may at any time, without notice to you and in our sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof.
Contact Us.
If you would like to exercise your right to view, correct, complete or remove your personal information, please contact  us at   [email protected] Within a reasonable period of time and upon verification of your identity, we will fulfill your request, provided that we will not act contrary to applicable legislation by fulfilling your request.
Last Updated: February 2012
