1. Personal Information We Collect About You
If you choose to register and create an account with getpatch.com, you will be required to submit personal information to us. This personal information may include, but not necessarily be limited to, the following:
Name and address;
Other contact information such as email address and/or test address;
Financial information such as credit or debit card number; and
Your NPI number and other information relevant to processing claims for your patients or customers
2. How We Use Your Personal Information
We use your personal information that you provide to fulfill the purpose for which you provided the information and to enhance your experience with us. These uses include:
Determining insurance eligibility and benefits of your patients and customers;
Submitting insurance claims to your patients and customer’s insurer;
Processing or receiving payments;
Sending you information about health care and health related services, resources and benefits;
Sending administrative information to you, for example, information regarding getpatch.com or mobile applications made available by Glass Health and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies;
Providing and improving customer services, including through email communications;
Sending marketing information that we think may be of interest to you;
Sending you surveys;
Authenticating or confirming your identity when you return to your Patch account online;
Conducting our business, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities;
Taking any action that we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to investigate, prevent and detect illegal activities; (b) under applicable laws, including laws outside your country of residence; (c) to comply with legal process; (d) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (e) to enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use and this Privacy Statement; (f) to protect our operations or those of our affiliates; (g) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (h) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; and
Other related purposes or purposes specifically disclosed at the time we request your information.
3. How We Use Cookie and Other Tracking Technology to Collect Information
We and our third party partners may automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service. For instance, when you visit our websites, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time. We may collect log file information about your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service. Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our Users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
We may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our service.
4. Third Party Tracking and Online Advertising
We may permit third party ad networks, social media companies, and other third party services to collect information about browsing behavior from visitors to our Service through cookies, social plug-ins, or other tracking technology. We may permit third party online advertising networks to collect information about your use of our websites over time so that they may play or display ads that may be relevant to your interests on our Service as well as on other websites or services. Typically, the information is collected through cookies or similar tracking technologies. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies and how you may opt-out of some of this tracking, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org). Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings.
5. Emails
We use third-party vendors to help us manage some of our email communications with you. While we do supply these vendors with email addresses of those we wish them to contact, your email address is never used for any purpose other than to communicate with you on our behalf. When you click on a link in an email, you may temporarily be redirected through one of the vendor\'s servers (although this process will be invisible to you) which will register that you have clicked on that link, and have visited getpatch.com.
6. Evaluation and research
We will periodically ask users to complete surveys asking about their experiences with features of the website. Our surveys ask visitors for demographic information such as occupation, insurance status, and education, and whether they are satisfied with our services. We use survey information for research and quality improvement purposes, including helping us to improve information and services offered through getpatch.com. In addition, users giving feedback may be individually contacted for follow-up due to concerns raised during the course of such evaluation. Demographic information and Web log data may be stored for future research and evaluation.
7. Messages and transactions
Comments or questions sent to us using email or secure messaging forms will be shared with our staff that is most able to address your concerns. We will archive your messages once we have made our best effort to provide you with a complete and satisfactory response.
8. Credit card transactions
When you provide us with your credit card number for payments, we will treat your credit card number in a secure manner. We use a third-party vendor to process your credit card payments and do not collect or store your credit card information on our systems.
9. Data integrity and correction
Requests to view and correct personal information from getpatch.com may be submitted using the contact information in the "Questions, complaints, and contacts" section below.
10. Children
Patch does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13, though from time to time, our users may submit information to us on behalf of a child. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under 13, please contact us at help@getpatch.com.
11. How We Share Information
We may share or disclose personal information in the instances described below:
Insurance companies and their administrators, vendors, agents and third party service providers, as well as retailers who are involved in providing services, as needed to perform the Service;
Third party vendors and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, as needed to carry out their work for us, which may include billing, payments, claims processing, service fulfillment, web hosting or providing analytic services. We provide only as much information as is needed to perform the Services on our behalf.
Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Glass Health. These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this policy;
Other parties in connection with a company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of a bankruptcy or related or similar proceeding; and
Third parties as required by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use or to protect the security or integrity of our Service; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Glass Health, our users, or others.
We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties.
12. Opt out
If a user makes a request to receive information in an ongoing manner through getpatch.com by providing their email address, a user may make a request to discontinue future mailings. Similarly, if you receive information about a Glass Health service through email, you may make a request to discontinue receiving similar messages in the future. All such materials sent to you by email will contain information about how to opt out. Please note that you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, transactional communications, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).
13. Additional Information for Users of Glass Health Mobile Applications
When using certain functions via a Glass Health mobile application, or when accessing our Service by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
We may use this information to estimate your location and to provide you with more personalized content and/or services.
We do not monitor your GPS tracking or location information over time.
A Glass Health mobile application may also permit you to upload a photograph from your mobile device. If you upload a photo from your mobile device it is your responsibility to manage the settings on your mobile device in order to protect the privacy of photographs you do not intend to upload to a Glass Health mobile application.
14. How We Store and Protect Your Information
Storage and Processing: Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Glass Health or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Glass Health or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Keeping your information safe: Glass Health cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service. However, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Glass Health will investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.
15. Links to Other Websites
getpatch.com contains links to websites operated by third parties. If you provide personal information to any third party's website, your transaction will occur on that website (not getpatch.com) and that website operator will collect the personal information you provide, and this information will be subject to the third-party's privacy policies. We encourage you to read the legal notice posted on those sites, including their privacy policies.
This Privacy Statement does not apply to your use of and activity on those other websites. We provide links through getpatch.com to other websites only as a convenience, and the inclusion of these links does not imply endorsement of the linked site. We have no responsibility or liability for your use of third party websites.
Please note that we are not responsible for the collection, usage and disclosure policies and practices (including the data security practices) of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including the collection, usage and disclosure policies regarding any personal information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with our mobile applications or other websites.
16. Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil code Section 1798.83, entitles California customers to request information relating to whether a business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties\' direct marketing purposes. As explained elsewhere in this Privacy Statement, Glass Health will not sell or transfer your personal information to third party companies for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with this statute or who have questions contact us by using the support@getpatch.com link available at the bottom of each page on getpatch.com.
17. Revisions to the Privacy Statement
We may revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page.
18. Questions, complaints, and contacts
 
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
