PLEASE REVIEW THE PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY
 
Information We Collect From You
 
International Privacy Laws and Your Rights Under The GDPR
 
Updating Your Personally Identifiable Information
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. You may change any of your personal information by contacting us here:
Use Of Your Personal Information
If you do provide us with your personal information, we will not willingly share your information with companies outside our organization except as described in the Policy. We may disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to potential advertisers, other third parties, our affiliate companies, and for other lawful purposes. You may receive communications from us related to our Sites. You will at all times be able to opt out from receiving these communications by specifically choosing to do so by contacting us here:
The information we gather from you may be used in several ways, now or in the future, to gain a better understanding of our users and their usage pattern as a whole, for site administration and troubleshooting, to process transactions, contest entries and other matters you initiate, to identify preferences in content and advertising, to target editorial, advertising or other content (such as promotions, special offers or other content).
We do not give away, sell, rent or lease users’ personally identifiable information to any merchant, advertiser or web publisher. Non-personally identifiable user information (such as usage pattern, browser type and your computer) may be shared with third party businesses or advertisers with which we have a business or contractual relationship.
We reserve the right to disclose personal information when needed to comply with the law or a legal process, cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities, to identify persons violating the law, in connection with the sale of part or all of AmericanUpbeat’s or its affiliates assets, or to enforce our Terms and Conditions.
 
Cookies
A cookie is a data text file sent from a website to your browser. It may be stored within your system. The cookie identifies the user and allows access to articles. To the extent we use cookies, we can only access information from a cookie sent by one of the Sites, not other websites. We may use cookies to personalize your visit to our Sites. By tracking usage, we can best determine the needs of our customers and advertisers.
Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can choose whether or not to accept cookies via your browser’s settings (often found in your browser’s Tools or Preferences menu). You may also delete cookies from your device at any time. However, please be aware that if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to fully experience some of our Sites’ features.
 
 
Social Media Widgets and Applications
 
Children
 
 
Contact Us
_________________
Effective as of May 01, 2018
