Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting my website. Protecting the personal privacy of individuals who use the Internet is important to me. Here you can read about the policies in place to safeguard the privacy of individuals who visit this website.
Personal Information
My website does not collect any personal information unless you choose to provide that information. You can contact me through this website. The information on the contact form will only be used to respond to you about the matter on which you expressed your views, or to provide casework assistance regarding problems you may be experiencing with a federal government agency. This information will be available to members of my staff so they can help in responding to your message or request.
My staff tabulates comments received through this website concerning legislation and government policy issues. Occasionally there is a comment made by a constituent or a situation described by a constituent that makes a point of such general interest that I may refer to it in a speech, include it in the Congressional Record, or make some other use of it, either in connection with debate in the Senate or by sharing it with the relevant government agency. I make every effort in such cases to contact the author first, and no personally identifying information will be shared. If you intend your message to be confidential and would prefer that it not be used in such a way, please feel free to include your preference in the message so I can respect your wishes and see that your views are held entirely within his office.
Federal Agency Assistance
If you are seeking help with a federal agency, my office must first obtain a signed Request for Assistance/Privacy Release form from you. Once we are in receipt of your form, my staff may need to share the information you've provided with a federal agency. Other than when needed in the course of an authorized law enforcement investigation or an emergency posing an imminent risk to public safety, my office will share no personal information communicated through this web site with any outside organization or individual.
Senate.gov
In order to enable the U.S. Senate to make its web sites more useful to visitors, some user information is collected by the Senate and stored automatically. This information does not identify you individually. If you would like to read the Senate's complete privacy policy, you may find it here .
Links to Other Sites
My website has links to other useful sites on the Internet, including sites of other government agencies and sites relating to Hawaii. When you leave my website, you will need to consult the privacy policy of the site you are visiting.
