Privacy Policy | Lights.com
Free shipping on all orders over $150. Save 10% today by joining our mailing list. Details
Monday-Thursday 9AM-6PM ET
Friday 9AM-3PM ET
Privacy Policy
Lights.com respects and is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Lights.com possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We do not sell, trade, rent or loan your personal information to others, unless instructed by a court of law. You can be confident that your information will remain private. We will never distribute your personal information to other companies for use in mailing lists, surveys or any other purposes. We are extremely anti-SPAM and have no interest in furthering this problem.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with the use of our website.
What personal information does Lights.com collect while using our website?
When making a purchase or creating an account on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details, as appropriate, to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, fill out a form, use Live Chat or enter information on our site.
How do we use information collected?
We may use the information we collect from you, as stated above, in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
To allow us to better serve you in responding to your customer service requests
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To quickly process your transactions
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. We also use regular malware scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons within the company who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
All credit card transactions are processed through a gateway provider and your information is not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to:
Help remember and process the items in your shopping cart
Understand and save your preferences for future visits
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
Unless you disable the cookies on our website, by using our website you agree to our use of those cookies.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies through your web browser settings. If you turn off cookies, some features or services may be disabled and not function properly. However, you will still be able to place orders.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties, your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links: Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these third parties. Google: Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for you.
Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to you based on your previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. You may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Demographics and Interests Reporting
We, along with third-party vendors, such as Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding your interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
We operate in compliance with the following laws and guidelines.
California Online Privacy Protection Act:
In compliance, we agree to the following:
You can visit our site anonymously
You will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our Privacy Policy Page
You are able to change your personal information by logging into your account or by sending us a request via email, phone or live chat.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children in accordance with COPPA, enforced by The Federal Trade Commission, and do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If a parent our guardian uses our website or services on behalf of a minor, we protect the personal information provided, as previously outlined.
Fair Information Practices
In accordance, should a data breach occur, we will notify you via email within 7 business days.
We also comply with the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law.
CAN-SPAM Act
Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses
Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance
Allow you to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence. We will make reasonable efforts to implement your unsubscribe requests promptly, but you may still receive communications from us for up to ten business days as we process your request.
Contact Us
Brooklyn, NY 11230
Last Edited on 2016-07-07
Save 10%
When you sign up to get updates about sales and the latest products!
Get my 10%
Offer valid for new subscribers only. We will never spam you.
Happy Shopping!
Enter the code below at checkout to save 10%. We also emailed you a copy.
XXXXXXXXXXXXX
