Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy tells you about the information we collect from you when you use our website. In collecting this information, we are acting as a data controller and, by law, we are required to provide you with information about who we are, what information we collect, why we use your information, who we share your information with and why, how we protect your information, and about your rights over your information.
Who are we?
We, along with our affiliates and subsidiaries, are Newegg. Our address is 9997 Rose Hills Road, Whittier, CA 90601. You can contact us by mail at the above address, by email at wecare@newegg .com or by telephone at 1 (800) 390-1119.
You may contact our Data Protection officer by email at privacy@newegg.com .
What personal information do we collect?
Information collected voluntarily
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to us, such as when you register for an account or place an order with Newegg.
Account Registration
To register for a Newegg account, you must provide us with your personal information, including your name, email address, and password.
Purchase Order Information
In order to place an order with Newegg, you must sign in to your account by providing your email address and password. In addition, you must provide us with your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, and payment information, such as your credit card number, billing address, credit card expiration date, and credit card security code.
Information collected automatically
We may automatically collect your personal information, such as your IP address when you access our site. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you. We may use cookies, log files, web beacons, JavaScript, and other similar technology (“Cookies and Similar Technology”) to collect and store the information we collect.
Why do we use your personal information?
We may use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including:
Where necessary to provide you with access to our site and services;
Where necessary to provide you with interactive features on our site;
Where necessary to provide our services to you or for the performance of a contract;
Where necessary to process and fulfill your orders and returns and exchanges;
Where necessary to contact you if we have trouble processing your order;
Where necessary to provide you with customer support and to respond to your requests, comments, questions, or concerns;
Where necessary to send you information about your order, such as order updates;
Where necessary to process and manage your subscriptions;
Where necessary to fulfill your benefits that are associated with your use of our services, such as to award points through our EggPoint loyalty program;
Where necessary to administer sweepstakes and contests that you have entered into;
Where necessary to customize your settings;
Where necessary to send you important notices, such as system notices and alerts, and changes to our terms and conditions, and policies;
Where necessary to comply with applicable laws and legal obligations;
Where necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website;
Where necessary for our legitimate interest in preventing and detecting fraud, and maintaining security;
Where necessary for our legitimate interests in enforcing our terms and conditions, and policies;
Where necessary for our legitimate interests in analyzing and improving the effectiveness of our site, and our products and services;
Where you consent to Newegg sending you our newsletters, special promotions, and offers;
Where you consent to Newegg sending you text alerts and/or email notifications; and
Where you consent to Newegg sending you marketing communications, advertisements and other information relating to our products and services.
Cookies and Similar Technology
We use Cookies and Similar Technologies in order to provide our services, to analyse and improve our services, to prevent and detect fraud, to customize your account settings, and to personalize your experience of our site through the use of targeted advertisements and offers.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is generated by a site that is stored on your computer. When you access our site, a number of cookies are used by Newegg and third parties. We may link data stored in cookies to the personal information you submitted while on our site.
Log file
We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may store the information in log files or other types of files, which may be combined with other information that we have collected about you.
Web Beacon
A web beacon is a small graphic image, such as a pixel or GIF, which is placed on a web page and used to provide information on when and how you use our site and services. We may allow third-party companies to collect non-personal information when you visit our site. These companies typically use a cookie or web beacon to collect this information in order to provide advertisements likely to be of interest to you. Our site does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals or mechanisms.
Functional
Some of the Cookies and Similar Technology that we use are strictly necessary for our website to function and cannot be turned off. As a result, if you choose to reject the cookies, you cannot browse our store or place an order with Newegg. We use Cookies and Similar Technology for various necessary and legitimate business purposes, including to enable you to register, access and update your account; to allow you to make a purchase; in order for Newegg to analyze and improve the performance of our site and services; to maintain security on our site and to prevent and detect fraud; to customize your account; and to display certain web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our Cookies and Similar Technology. These technologies are shown below.
Provider
Purpose
Newegg
Login Cookie: Identifies customer login information and account information once the customer has logged into account
Newegg
B2B Login Cookie: Identifies customer login information and account information once the customer has logged into account
Newegg
Mid Data Cookie: Verifies credit card information to process payments and to prevent fraud
Newegg
Online Payment Cookie: Captures payment information in order to process orders
Newegg
Newegg
Visitor Cookie: Prevent fraud, and to analyse and improve site performance
Personalized Experience and Offers
Subject to your cookie settings, Newegg and various third parties may use Cookies and Similar Technology to personalize your experience on our site, such as through the use of targeted advertisements and special offers. These technologies are shown below. We have no access to or control over third-party technologies. In addition, please note that this privacy policy covers Newegg’s use of Cookies and Similar Technology only and does not cover third-party use of their own proprietary technologies.
Provider
Purpose
Newegg
Hooklogic
OwnerIQ
Google Ads
ChatID (WelcomeCommerce)
Moxie
Commission Junction
Steelhouse Media
Criteo
Doubleclick – Floodlight
Google Adwords
Facebook Ads
Sellpoints
Evergage
Bluecore
Return Path
Monetate
InTheChat
Third-Party Services Cookies
Subject to your cookie settings, Newegg and third-party service providers that you may subscribe to may require Cookies and Similar Technologies to allow you to use those third-party services in connection with your use of our site and services. These third-party technologies are shown below. We have no access to or control over third-party technologies. In addition, please note that this privacy policy covers the use of Cookies and Similar Technologies by Newegg only and does not cover the use of technologies by any third-party service providers.
Provider
ShopRunner
Allows customer to use their ShopRunner account to receive expedited shipping on their Newegg purchase
PayPal
Allows customer to pay for Newegg purchase using PayPal
To change your Newegg site cookie settings, please click the Manage Cookie link in the footer of the Newegg website. To manage settings for third-party cookies and similar technologies, which are not covered by this privacy policy, please refer to your browser settings.
Who do we share your information with and why?
We may share or disclose your personal information at your direction or request, or upon your consent, such as when you authorize a third-party application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a marketplace seller or other business.
We may also share your personal information between:
Marketplace Sellers
Third-Party sellers offer products for sale through Newegg’s Marketplace platform. We refer to these third-parties as Marketplace Sellers. In order to best facilitate and complete Marketplace Seller Transactions, we may share some of your personal information with these third-parties.
Service Providers
In order to process your credit card information to complete your purchase, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security system. See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures.
In addition, we may employ third-party companies to perform functions on our behalf. These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes.
Affiliated Institutions
We may share your personal information we collect with all Newegg subsidiaries and affiliates.
As our business continues to evolve, we may acquire or sell business units or subsidiaries. Customer information is one of the business assets that would be transferred in these types of transactions. In such a situation, your personal information would only be used in a manner consistent with our pre-existing Privacy Notice and terms and conditions.
As Required by Law
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law, and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.
Third-Party Companies for Marketing
Subject to your marketing preferences and settings, we may share your personal information with third-party companies that may, among other things, use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements and special offers. To change your settings, go to the account settings section of this privacy policy. The companies will only be allowed to use your personal information in accordance with your marketing preferences and will be required to keep your personal information secure.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We may collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
Collection and Use of Public Information
We may collect, use, store, transfer, share, and disclose your information that is publicly available, such as information you submit on social media platforms, or blogs for any purpose.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Newegg is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website.
Testimonial/Feedback/Reviews
The testimonials/feedback/reviews sections of the Newegg website are for the purpose of sharing positive experiences and product reviews. The testimonials/feedback/reviews sections are moderated to ensure accurate testimonials/feedback. Published testimonials/feedback/reviews are genuine and are not edited or altered by Newegg. Newegg reserves the right to post or remove any testimonials/feedback/reviews at its discretion.
By posting your testimonials/feedback/reviews on our website, you give us permission to reprint or use the testimonial/feedback/reviews in connection with our business. You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the testimonials/feedback/reviews will be at our discretion and without compensation; (2) We may use the testimonials/feedback/reviews with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit; (3) Our right to use the testimonials/feedback/reviews is perpetual and may be assigned by us; (4) We may use the testimonials/feedback/reviews locally, nationally or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed; and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the testimonials/feedback/reviews.
Please note that any information you include in a testimonials/feedback/reviews may be read, collected, and used by anyone.
Newegg Insider, GameCrate, and Unlocked (Blogs)
By posting your comment(s) on our blogs, including, but not limited to, Newegg Insider, GameCrate, or Unlocked (“Blog” or “Blogs”), you give us permission to reprint or use the comments in connection with our business. You also are agreeing to the following: (1) The reprint or use of the comment will be at our discretion and without compensation; (2) We may use the comment with or without any pseudo (pen) name credit; (3) Our right to use the comment is perpetual and may be assigned by us; (4) We may use the Blog locally, nationally, or globally and such use may be made in any media, information or communication platform (including Internet advertising) currently in use or later developed; and (5) You and not someone else composed and posted the comment on our Blog.
Please note that any information you include in a comment on our Blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone.
Social Media Platforms
We maintain presences on social media platforms, including, but not limited to, Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and YouTube. Any information you post on a social media platform is done at your own risk and without any expectation of privacy. Please be aware that Newegg is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
How do we protect your information?
Security
Newegg takes precautions to protect its customers’ information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected using SSL encryption software. To learn more about SSL, follow this link: www.verisign.com.
Access to all of our users’ information is restricted. Newegg operates in a secured and locked facility that requires all employees to check in and wear valid ID badges. Security cameras are positioned throughout the building in conjunction with multiple alarm systems. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. If you wish to have your financial information removed at the time of your order, you may opt to have your financial information deleted from our records upon completion of your order. Otherwise, you may contact us at wecare@newegg.com , or call toll free 1-800-390-1119, to request that your information be deleted from our database. For future transactions, you will be required to re-enter your information.
If you have any questions or concerns about Newegg’s security practices, you can send us an email at wecare@newegg.com .
Safeguarding Information
To ensure that your user name and password remain confidential, DO NOT share this information with anyone.
Compliance
Our servers and offices are located in the United States, and as a result, we may collect, process, store, share, and transfer your personal information in the United States. By using our site, you understand and consent to Newegg collecting, storing, processing, sharing and transferring your personal information to our servers and offices in the United States and to those third parties with whom we share your personal information as provided in this policy. The third-party recipients of your personal information may be located in countries outside of the EU which may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country; however, these third-party processors are subject to applicable privacy regulations, including the EU General Data Protection Regulation.
Retention Period
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Children
Newegg does not sell products intended for purchase by children. Youth-oriented products are sold for purchase by adults only. If you are under the age of 16, you may only use Newegg’s website in the presence of a consenting parent or guardian. We will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information via the Internet from children under the age of 13. Newegg is committed to protecting the welfare and privacy of children.
What are your rights?
Your rights to your information
By law, you can ask us what information we hold about you, and you can ask us to correct it if it is inaccurate. If we have asked for your consent to process your personal data, you may withdraw that consent at any time.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or to fulfil a contract, you can ask us to give you a copy of the information in a machine-readable format so that you can transfer it to another provider.
If we are processing your personal data for reasons of consent or legitimate interest, you can request that your data be erased.
You have the right to ask us to stop using your information for a period of time if you believe we are not doing so lawfully.
Finally, in some circumstances you can ask us not to reach decisions affecting you using automated processing or profiling.
To submit a request regarding your personal data by email, post or telephone, please use the contact information provided above in the Who Are We section of this policy.
Your right to complain
If you have a complaint about our use of your information, we would prefer you to contact us directly at privacy@newegg.com in the first instance so that we can address your complaint. However, you can also contact the appropriate EU Data Protection Authority (DPA) .
How can you change or review your information?
You may change or review your account information and settings for the following:
Account Information
Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our Help section. You must have your username and password in order to access your account. In the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service department for assistance.
Special Offers
At the time of your order, you may choose to receive special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field.
If you currently receive special offers and news and wish to stop receiving special offers and news, Newegg provides several ways to do so. You may send e-mails to wecare@newegg.com with a request to be removed. Finally, you may use the link provided in all Newegg communications to automatically unsubscribe. Please note that you might still receive intermittent updates on products, services, specials or news.
Cookie Settings
To change your Newegg site cookie settings, please click the Manage Cookie link in the footer of the website. To manage settings for third-party cookies and similar technologies, which are not covered by this privacy policy, please refer to your browser settings.
Updates to this privacy policy
We regularly review and, if appropriate, update this privacy policy from time to time, and as our services and use of personal data evolves. If we want to make use of your personal data in a way that we haven’t previously identified, we will contact you to provide information about this and, if necessary, to ask for your consent.
We will update the date of this document each time it is changed.
Last Update
The Privacy Policy contained herein became officially effective May 25, 2018.
Updated on June 28, 2018
Related Articles
