Search for:
Search for:
Recent Posts
Privacy Policy
We have updated our Privacy Policy which is not compliance with GDPR for all new and existing users in EEA and EU member countries.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which 10bestproducts collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the  10bestproducts website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by 10bestproducts.
We have updated our Privacy Policy because we understand importance and care about our visitors’ privacy. We have tried our best to tell everything related to our visitor’s privacy following. If you do not understand any term or information from the following policy, do not hesitate to contact with us. You can contact us simply by sending us email at roundpulse@gmail.com.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider’s utilized and other similar information.
Log Files
Our website makes the log file of every visitor of our website. This log file contain information like IP addresses, ISP, date, time, browser type, referring page, exit page, demographic information and also the number of clicks. We use this information to analyze the trends and improve our website content. We do not sell or share log files of our visitors with third party. This information has been used only to analyze trends and improve the content of our website.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
Children’s Information
Our website does not contain any content which is not suitable for the children. The people of any age can visit our website and it is safe for everyone. We do not collect information about children under 18. In case parents or guardians know that their children have shared any of their personal information, they can contact with us. We will remove such information from our files immediately.
How we use collected information
10bestproducts may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service – Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To send periodic emails – We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, they may do so by contacting us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
ome of the leading sites used to monetize websites are linked on this page, where you can view each of their respective Privacy Policies.
Amazon Affiliate Disclosure
10bestproducts is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for website owners to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon(.com, .co.uk, .ca etc) and any other website that may be affiliated with Amazon Service LLC Associates Program.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacyads.html
How we use your information
To understand that what does our visitor like
To improve our website content on visitors demand
To ensure that our services are functioning smoothly
To offer and improve our content and services
To provide technical information and support to visitors
To show better advertise to our visitors on the basis of cookies files
To advertise products and services of third party
To understand any problem in our server and services
To administer our website, content and services
To get in touch with our visitors
To improve the personalized experience of our visitors when they visit our website
Changes to this privacy policy
10bestproducts has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page and send you an email. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: roundpulse@Gmail.com
Update Date : 01-06-2018
Popular Gifts 2017
