YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy. For users in the EU, you can update your consent choices by clicking  here .
 
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
Personally Identifiable Information: You aren’t required to provide us with any Personally Identifiable information in order to use our Site, however, you may choose to provide Personally Identifiable Information to us such as your first and last name and email address in response to prompts featured on our Site. If you sign up for our email newsletter, we will need to collect your email address.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may also collect and use information about your interactions with the Site in a manner and format that does not identify you as an individual (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). We may collect, use, and disclose the following types of Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
Cookies: Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business. You can also opt out of cookies using the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Google Analytics: We use a tool called “Google Analytics” to collect information about use of the Site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit when they do so, and other various data points to allow us to improve the Site and the overall experience. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with the Personally Identifiable Information provided by Users. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Services and the Google Privacy Policy .  You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you by updating cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin .
Google AdWords: This Site uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our Site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to any of our websites. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own Privacy Policy and the Google Privacy Policy . You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page , and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin .
 
THE USE OF THE COLLECTED DATA
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow us to improve our User Experience and Site Performance, as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User and Analytics.
 
DO WE DISCLOSE ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
 
THIRD PARTY LINKS
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our Site. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
 
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
 
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
 
GDPR COMPLIANCE FOR EUROPEAN UNION (EU) USERS ONLY
For Users located in the European Union, all processing of Personal Data is performed in accordance with privacy rights and regulations following the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and our data processing will take place in accordance with the GDPR.
By visiting this Site, EU Users will need to consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data as described herein. If you do not agree with the terms set out herein, please do not visit this Site. As required by applicable law in the EU, we will seek your explicit consent to process Personal Data collected on this Site or volunteered by you. Kindly note that any consent will be entirely voluntary. However, if you do not grant the requested consent to the processing of your Personal Data, the full use of this Site may not be possible.
We may collect, record and analyze information of Users to its Site. We may record your IP address and use cookies. We may add information collected by way of pageview activity. Furthermore, we may collect and process any Personal Data that you volunteer to us in our Site’s forms, such as when a user registers for events or signs up for information and newsletters. If you provide us with your social media details, we may retrieve publicly available information about you from social media.
Such Personal Data may comprise your IP address, first and last name, your postal and email address, your telephone number, your job title, data for social networks, your areas of interest, interest in promoted products, and certain information about the company you are working for (company name and address), as well as information as to the type of relationship that exists between the Site and yourself. We may also share such information with service vendors or contractors in order to provide a requested service or transaction in order to analyze Visitor behavior on our Site.
We gather data about visits to the Site, including numbers of Visitors and visits, Geo-location data, length of time spent on the site, pages clicked on or where Visitors have come.
We will not retain data longer than is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by applicable laws or regulations.
Brainjolt has a “Data Protection Contact” who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. This Data Protection Contact can be reached at the following address:
Brainjolt, LLC
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO ALL DIGITAL PROPERTIES OF BRAINJOLT, LLC.
Included are:
22 Words
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 5/29/2018
Categories
