Our Commitment to Privacy
This Privacy Policy applies to dotloop.wpengine.com operated by Dotloop, LLC (“Dotloop”, “We”, “Us”, or “Our”). Your privacy is important to us. In order to better protect your privacy, we provide this notice (the “Policy”) explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. By providing personal information to Dotloop through our website dotloop.wpengine.com , you consent to Dotloop collecting, using, and disclosing your personal information in accordance with this Policy. To make this Policy easy to find, we make it available on our homepage.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.
 
 
 
We use the information you provide when processing or completing a transaction on dotloop to communicate to the other parties involved. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete a transaction, where required or permitted by law, or as set forth in this Policy (see Information Sharing section below). We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We may share your personal information with third parties who may offer services that may be of interest (“Third Party Sharing”).
Similarly, we use the information you provide about someone else for communications required during the transaction process. If you provide personal information about your client(s) to us for the purpose of completing a transaction, you represent and warrant that you have obtained their consent to do so. Such information may be shared with outside parties to complete a transaction for Third Party Sharing.
If you wish to opt out of such Third Party Sharing, please email us with your request at support@dotloop.com . We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. dotloop may use the information collected from you to provide you with additional information about dotloop’s services, partners, promotions, and events. Every marketing email from dotloop contains instructions on how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails.
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone where dotloop.com is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our website to better suit our customers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form.
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as improving system performance or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
In the event that we enter into a business transaction, such as a merger with or an acquisition by another company, or a sale of some or all of our assets, your personal information may be among the assets that are transferred or disclosed in connection with such a transaction, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
 
 
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect online. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). You should note, though, that the internet is not a 100% secure environment. There is no guarantee that information you provide or that we maintain may not be accessed, copied, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at support@dotloop.com .
How You Can Access Your Information
Upon request, Dotloop will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You can retrieve, correct or update your personal information by accessing your account on dotloop.com or by contacting us at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Normally, we will not disclose personal information unless you have authorized the disclosure. There are some circumstances where we may disclose personal information without consent. Such circumstances include where we are required or permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of an identifiable person or group; or where the information is public. We will not disclose more information than required or permitted.
We endeavor to ensure that your personal information is as accurate as necessary and generally retain personal information as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected.
We operate in the United States. Any information provided through dotloop.com will be processed and stored in the United States, where privacy laws may offer different levels of protection from those in Canada or other countries and personal information may be subject to access by and disclosure to law enforcement agencies in the United States. We may also share personal information with organizations that perform services on our behalf. We require those service providers to take the necessary precautions to protect the personal information.
 
 
 
 
Our website may contain “links” to other websites. We cannot be responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these websites before disclosing any personal information to or through them.
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend or colleague about our site or share a document, we will ask you for that person’s name and email address. We will automatically send email inviting him or her to visit the site or register. We store this information for the sole purpose of sending email and tracking the success of our referral program.
 
 
 
 
Dotloop customers own the data they put into dotloop. This includes all customer data, from user information to transaction data.
Dotloop will not use this data as part of other Zillow Group products or services unless customers have given us permission to do so. This covers all Zillow Group businesses.
Dotloop does not disclose customer data except where required by law or authorized by the customers in question.
 
 
Should you have other questions or concerns about this Policy, please email us at  support@dotloop.com . You may also write to us at:
Dotloop, LLC
Suite 446
Welcome to dotloop.
Signup failed.
Select Role
Wyoming
Other
Request password
✕
Tell us about yourself. We'll call you within 1 business day!
1-888-dotloop
support@dotloop.com
