 
To learn more about changes in this Statement please review our FAQ
At Intuit, we pride ourselves on our commitment to protecting your privacy.  Our  Data Stewardship Principles  reflect our company’s values and how we strive to maintain your privacy. This Privacy Statement describes in greater detail the privacy practices of Intuit Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries, meaning companies related by common ownership or control (“us,” “we,” “our”) responsible for collecting and maintaining certain information collected about you.
 
 
 
1. WHEN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT APPLIES.  If a Service you're using links to this Privacy Statement, this Statement applies to you. 
 
 
a) Types of Information We Collect. In connection with accessing our Services, we may collect information from you which can be used to identify you ("Personal Information"), such as your name, shipping/billing address, email address, phone, username and password.
We collect information when you register or open an account, sign in, pay a bill, purchase a Service, call us for support, or give us feedback.  We may also get information from other companies or third parties, such as when you sync a third party account or service with your Intuit Service, or when we may use service providers to supplement the Personal Information you give us (e.g., validate your mailing address) to help us maintain the accuracy of your data and provide you with better service. Finally, we also collect content or other information that you may provide or create when you interact with our Services.
We may also automatically collect certain usage information when you access our Services ("Usage Data"), such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, log files, unique device identifiers, pages viewed, browser type, any links you click on to leave or interact with our Services, and other usage information collected from  cookies and other tracking technologies.  For example, we collect IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information, such as using IP addresses to monitor the regions from which users navigate to our Services.  We also collect IP addresses from users when they log into the Services as part of our log-in and security features.  We may also, when you enable location-based Services, collect Global Positioning System (GPS) location data and/or motion data.
 
b) How We Use Your Information. Unless prohibited by law, regulation, or a contractual obligation, we may use your information, including your Personal Information, for the following purposes: 
Account Registration. We may use your name, address, phone number, and email address to register your Intuit Account for certain  Services we provide  and to communicate important information to you. We may obtain additional Personal Information about you, such as address change information, from commercially available sources, to keep our records current.  If you set up an administrator account that may be accessed by people other than you, please note that they may see and have the ability to change or delete your Personal Information.
Communicate with You and Tell You About Other Services.  We may use your information to communicate with you about our Services and to give you offers for third party products and services that we think may be of use to you. Please see below under " What You Can Do to Manage Your Privacy " for the choices you have regarding these communications.
To Improve Services and Develop New Services. We will use your information to personalize or customize your experience and the Service, develop new features or services, and to improve the overall quality of Intuit's Services. 
To Provide Our Services and Operate Our Business. We may use your information to operate our business, including providing Services you requested, provide you with support related to our Services, and to help us protect our Services, including to combat fraud and protect your information.
Customer Service and Technical Support.  We may use your name, address, phone number, email address, how you interact with our Services, and information about your computer configuration to resolve questions you may have about our Services and to follow up with you about your experience.  We also offer various Internet chat services, for example, to speak with an Intuit support representative or tax advisor.  Internet Chat transmissions are encrypted but you should not supply more Personal Information, including tax data, than is required to address  your specific issue.  A transcript of the session is retained to resolve questions or issues related to our Services.
Feedback. We may use any information you volunteer in surveys you answer for us and combine them with answers from other customers in order to better understand our Services and how we may improve them.  Answering any survey is optional.
 
 
d) How We Share Your Personal Information. From time to time, we may need to share your Personal Information with others. 
Third Party Service Providers. We may share your information, including Personal Information and Usage Data, with third party service providers who perform various functions to enable us to provide our Services and help us operate our business, such as website design, sending email communications, fraud detection and prevention, customer care, or performing analytics. Our contracts with these third parties require them to maintain the confidentiality of the Personal Information we provide to them, only act on our behalf and under our instructions, and not use Personal Information for purposes other than the product or service they're providing to us or on our behalf.
Response to Subpoenas and Other Legal Requests.  We may share your information with courts, law enforcement agencies, or other government bodies when we have a good faith belief we're required or permitted to do so by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to protect our company, or to respond to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other law enforcement request.
Protection of Intuit and Others. We may share account information, Personal Information and Usage Data when we believe it is appropriate to enforce or apply our products' Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Intuit, our Services, our users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Personal Information of our customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Statement.   
Reporting to Credit Bureaus.  We may share your information with credit bureaus, consumer reporting agencies, and card associations.  Late payments, missed payments, or other defaults on your account may be reflected in your credit report and consumer report.  We may also share your information with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents, government agencies, and card associations in connection with issues related to fraud, credit, or debt collection.
Information Sharing Between Intuit Entities. We share your information, including your Personal Information, with and among our affiliates and subsidiaries, except where prohibited by law, regulation, or a contractual obligation.  The protections provided in this Privacy Statement apply across all Intuit entities. Affiliates and subsidiaries means companies related by common ownership or control. The reasons why we share your information include for our everyday business purposes, such as to: process your transactions, maintain your accounts, operate our business, facilitate  Intuit Single Sign On  to your Intuit Account, etc. We will also share your information in order for us to be able to offer our products and services to you. We may also share information about your creditworthiness, your transactions and experience so that we can operate our business effectively, detect and prevent fraud, and improve our Services.
Sale of Our Business.  If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, we may be required to share your information. If so, you will be asked if you'd like to stop receiving promotional information following any change of control.
 
e) Syncing, Linking, Connecting Your Bank Account or Other Third Party Services with Your Intuit Service.
You may choose to sync certain Intuit Services with information from other financial accounts.  To sync your financial account information, we must access your online account with your financial institution.  We will request your user name, password, and any other login bank data that you have set up with your financial institution to enable access.  We use this information to update and maintain the account information you download, to assist with the download process, and to enhance the Services we may provide in the future.
 
 
 
a) Managing Marketing Communications From Us. We will honor your choices when it comes to receiving marketing communications from us. 
You have the following choices if you have been receiving marketing communications from us that you no longer wish to receive:
Click the "unsubscribe" link in the email or newsletter you received.
Visit the  Marketing Preferences Center . For Mint users, please contact the Mint Customer Service team  here .
Adjust your preferences in your Intuit account settings.
For SMS messages, reply "STOP" or follow the instructions in the message or settings to discontinue the Service.
Subject to your control, our mobile applications may send push notifications to your mobile device.  If you are receiving push notifications and no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
 
 
c) Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies. The following is a high level summary of our practices and your controls for cookies and other tracking technologies.  For more information, please see our  Cookies Policy .
In accordance with applicable law, Intuit and our service providers may use commonly-used tools to recognize your visit and track your interactions with our Services such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, local shared objects, and similar technologies (collectively, "Cookies").  Sometimes this tracking is necessary in order for us to provide you the Service you requested.  Other times, we combine Usage Data collected from Cookies with that of other customers to improve your and other customers' experience.  You have control over some of the Usage Data we collect from Cookies and how we use it.  Information on changing your browser settings to opt out of Cookies can be found in your browser settings. 
In accordance with the  Digital Advertising Alliance Principles , Intuit also uses advertising networks and other third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our third party partners may place Cookies on our Services and unaffiliated websites in order to serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests, and to determine the effectiveness of such advertisements.  If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising, click  here , or if located in the European Union, click  here .
You also have the following additional choices to opt-out of certain tracking through Cookies for such purposes:
For users of our European services, please visit  http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
For users of our Canadian services, please visit  http://youradchoices.ca/
Clicking here  to opt out of targeted ads on Facebook.
To manage Flash cookies, please click  here.
For mobile apps, please refer to your mobile device's settings, or download the  AppChoices app .  You may op-out of Flurry Analytics tracking on some mobile apps (notably SnapTax) or recommendations from Flurry by clicking  here .
 
 
 
4. DATA RETENTION AND YOUR ACCESS RIGHTS
 
b) Your Access Rights. 
If you have created an online account with us and would like to update the Personal Information you have provided to us, you can access your account to view and make changes or corrections to your Personal Information.
 
5. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION.  Keeping your Information safe is important to us.  You can find out more about how Intuit protects your information  here .  To learn more about what you can do to protect your Intuit Account, click  here .
We provide reasonable and appropriate security measures in connection with securing Personal Information we collect.
For example, we:
Constantly work to update our security practices to implement accepted best methods to protect your Personal Information, and review our security procedures carefully.
Comply with applicable laws and security standards.
Securely transmit your sensitive Personal Information.
 
6. FOR OUR GLOBAL CUSTOMERS.  We provide our Services in many different countries.  Our global customers can find their country specific Privacy Statement and information about the Intuit entity responsible for their Personal Information by clicking the links below.
Hong Kong (English):  http://www.intuit.hk/hk-en/about/privacy.jsp
 
7. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS. 
 
8. EU-US PRIVACY SHIELD.  Intuit complies with the E.U. - U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework.
Intuit Inc. and Quincy Data Center LLC, the entities covered by Intuit’s privacy shield certification ("Intuit U.S.") participate in and have certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (together the "Privacy Shield Framework").  Intuit US is committed to subjecting all personal data, including Personal Information, received in the US from European Union (EU) member countries and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability ("European Personal Data"). To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Privacy Shield List  here .  
Under the Privacy Shield Framework, Intuit US collections, uses, and discloses EU and Swiss Personal Data for the purposes described in the Privacy Statement.  The choices and means that we offer for limiting use and disclosure of EU and Swiss Personal Data are described above in Section 4, and we provide access as described in Section 5.  Intuit US is responsible for the processing of EU and Swiss Personal Data that it transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf.  We remain liable in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process such personal data on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
With respect to European Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Intuit US is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Intuit US may be required to disclose European Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including meeting national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you are an European resident and have an unresolved privacy or data use concern, please contact us as specified below in "How to Contact Us."  If you have any concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you may contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at  https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
 
9. HOW TO CONTACT US.If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Statement, please contact us.  We want your feedback and comments. 
 
10. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY STATEMENTS.  From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Statements.  We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time.  More information about how we will notify you is below.
 
11. COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN'S PERSONAL INFORMATION.  We do not knowingly collect information from minors.
 
12. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
 
13. ADDITIONAL INTUIT SERVICE SPECIFIC INFORMATION.
To learn more about how our Services use your information, please click  here .
Download a PDF version of this Privacy Statement  here .
About Intuit
