 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You have the following choices if you have been receiving marketing communications from us that you no longer wish to receive:
Click the "unsubscribe" or opt-out link in the email or newsletter you received.
For SMS messages, reply "STOP" or follow the instructions in the message or settings to discontinue the Service.
Subject to your control, our mobile applications may send push notifications to your mobile device. If you are receiving push notifications and no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You also have the following additional choices to opt-out of certain tracking through Cookies for such purposes:
Visit the Digital Advertising Alliance's or Network Advertising Initiative 's opt-out page.  
For users of our UK or FR services, please visit http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
For users of our Canadian services, please visit http://youradchoices.ca/
Clicking here  to opt out of targeted ads on Facebook.
Clicking here  to opt out of Google Analytics for display advertising or to customize Google Display Network ads.
To manage Flash cookies, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
For mobile apps, please refer to your mobile device’s settings, or download the AppChoices app.  You may opt-out of Flurry Analytics tracking on some mobile apps (notably SnapTax) or recommendations from Flurry by clicking here .
 
 
 
 
 
 
b) Your Access Rights. As required by applicable law, including the U.S.-E.U. Privacy Shield Framework, you may contact us to confirm whether we maintain, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your Personal Information and to review it in order to verify its accuracy and the lawfulness of our processing of such Personal Information.  Where you have determined that the Personal Information we collected about you is inaccurate or processed in violation of applicable law, including the U.S.-E.U. Privacy Shield Principles, you may also request that your Personal Information be corrected, amended, or deleted.  Requests for access to your Personal Information and to have it corrected, amended, or deleted should be sent to 
 
 
 
We provide reasonable and appropriate security measures in connection with securing Personal Information we collect.
For example, we:
Constantly work to update our security practices to implement accepted best methods to protect your Personal Information, and review our security procedures carefully.
Comply with applicable laws and security standards.
Securely transmit your sensitive Personal Information. 
 
6.    FOR OUR NON-CANADIAN CUSTOMERS. We provide our Services in many different countries. Our global customers can find their country specific Privacy Statement and information about the Intuit entity responsible for their Personal Information by clicking the links below.
 
7.   INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
