Are you sure you want to proceed?
You will be leaving the Cook Medical website that you were viewing and going to a Cook Medical website for another region or country. Not all products are approved in all regulatory jurisdictions. The product information on these websites is intended only for licensed physicians and healthcare professionals.
This website privacy policy is provided by Cook Group Incorporated (“the company”). It contains information about our practices for collecting, using, and safeguarding the information you provide to us through this website.
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
You may browse the company’s website without providing any personal information. However, in order to access certain options, offers, or services on our site, you will be asked to provide relevant personal information, such as contact information for enrollment in a program or information about the service you are seeking. You always have the option of unsubscribing from our programs at any time. Occasionally, we may invite you to participate in a survey or poll about our site content, services, or products. Your responses will be anonymous, unless you choose to provide your contact details so that we can provide you with additional information regarding the survey or poll.
Sharing Your Information
Consistent with applicable laws and requirements, the personal information that you provide to us through this website may be combined with other information that we have about you from other sources, may be used by the company for marketing and promotional purposes, and/or may be shared with other companies within the Cook Group. We may also share some of it with third-party business partners who assist us with initiatives such as order fulfillment or improving our site. When we do share this information, we require those third parties to adopt measures to protect your information in a manner consistent with this policy. We do not rent or sell your information or otherwise share it with any non-affiliated third party for their own use.
There may also be limited types of legal situations in which we are required to share some of your information, such as in the event of a transfer of ownership of the business, in connection with regulatory or legal matters, where required for safety and security, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. When we do share your information in such a situation, we limit the transfer to the information that is relevant under the circumstances and, to the extent possible, require the recipient to uphold an equivalent level of protection for the data.
E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield
As further described in Cook Group Incorporated’s Privacy Shield Notice , certain Cook Group companies have certified to and comply with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. The Privacy Shield principles are: Notice; Choice (Consent); Accountability for Onward Transfer; Security; Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation; Access; and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. For more information on the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield or to view our certifications, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
Cookies and Web Tracking
Like most companies, we use cookies and other non-personal technologies on our websites. Cookies are pieces of computer information that are temporarily stored on the browser you use when you visit this website. They do not identify the person who is using the computer or otherwise affect the computer, but rather tell us such things as how many users visited our site, the pages they accessed, and whether there were any technical problems or delays that they experienced in loading pages that they were trying to view. By collecting this information, we learn how best to tailor our websites for our visitors and to ensure that they are functioning properly.
Some types of cookies, such as those that are used to ensure integrity when users make purchases through our website, serve an essential function. The websites cannot work properly without them. Where such essential cookies are used, they cannot be disabled if the visitor wants to use that function of our site. Other types of cookies, such as browser and flash cookies, don’t identify you as an individual but may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site so that you do not need to reset them each time you visit the website.
We also use certain web analytics to monitor web traffic and related trends regarding our websites. As is the case with cookies, this information does not identify the visitor but only provides statistical information to us so we can evaluate our site and improve it.
You can decline any browser or flash cookie by changing your web browser preferences so that the browser does not accept these technologies. However, doing so means you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features. Please read additional information about our practices for using cookies and similar technologies by clicking on our cookies notice and disclosure statement. You can also learn more about these technologies by going to  www.allaboutcookies.org.
Safeguarding Your Information
To be consistent with applicable laws, we have adopted reasonable and appropriate measures that are designed to safeguard the confidentiality of your information and protect it from loss, misuse, alteration, destruction, or unauthorized access. Please note that, despite our efforts, there is always some risk that your data will be improperly accessed, including, for example, during your transmission of the information to us. We kindly remind you to safeguard any passwords and user IDs that you may obtain for restricted sections of our sites, and to contact us immediately if you believe they have been compromised.
If you need to update or correct your personal information profile you may do so directly on our website or by contacting us as the address below.
Policies for Children
This website is not intended to collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we collected any information from anyone under the age of 13, we will purge it immediately, except for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from the individual.
Right of Access, Correction, or Objection
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information on file with us is accurate and up-to-date. In that regard, we invite you to contact us to update your information, such as your email address if it changes, so that you can continue to receive the information that you have requested from us. In accordance with applicable laws, you may also access or request correction of the information that we have retained about you, or request that we delete your information. There are certain exceptions that apply. As noted above, you always have the right to withdraw consent to our use of your data for any marketing purpose.
Linked Sites
Our website contains links to third-party (“external”) websites. Cook Group Incorporated does not endorse or make any representations or warranties for the accuracy of content located on linked external websites. Cook Group Incorporated is not responsible for any linked external website’s privacy policies, content, products, data collection procedures, materials, software, business activities, etc.
Changes to this Policy
We encourage you to review this policy periodically when you return to our site as we may update it from time to time to reflect changes to our practices, new requirements, and new security risks and safeguards. The changes become effective upon posting the new version of this policy, and those changes that relate to the use of personal information apply to information that is collected after posting.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or if you have a complaint about our data privacy practices, please contact us at the address below:
Global Director of Privacy
Contact Information
