Introduction
At bud.com we believe your privacy is important and we take all reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information. This document outlines our agreements and responsibilities if you move forward with bud.com.
When we talk about “bud.com,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this policy, we are referring to Bold Ubiquitous Digital, the company which provides the Services. When we talk about the “Services” in this policy, we are referring to our online lead generation platform. Our Services are currently available for use through various means via a web browser or mobile device,
 
Information Collection
Registering with the Service requires certain information, such as: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, including but not limited to your phone number, your first and last name, email address, home address, date of birth, your method(s) of payment (“Personal Information”). (2) medical information regarding your medical cannabis recommendation, including the name and license number of your recommending physician, the contact information of the physician, the method to verify the authenticity of your recommendation, the expiration date of your recommendation, your recommendation verification number, and details of any orders placed through the Service (“Medical Information”). (3) demographic information, such as information about your location, age, gender, media preferences, and spending habits (“Demographic Information”). (4) information regarding your usage of our Service, including but not limited to your IP address or other unique identifier including browser cookies, your Device(s) functionality (including browser, operating system, hardware, mobile network information), the URL or other source that referred you to our Service, the areas within our Service that you visit and your activities there (including remembering you and your preferences), your Device(s) location, your Device(s) characteristics; and certain other Device data, among other information (“Usage Information”).
 
Third Parties
This Service may include functionality allowing interactions with a third-party web site or online service. We may make use of third party services to collect, monitor, store, and/or analyze Personal Information and Usage Information. bud.com may at our sole discretion collect and use this information as Personal Information.
We may share aggregated user statistics with third parties. We do not share Personal Information with third parties for the purpose of third party direct marketing.
We may receive information about you from third parties that we deem relevant to improve your use of the Service. We may at our sole discretion collect and use this information as Personal Information.
Location-Based Information & Services
 
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) Compliance
 
Security
 
No Children on the Service
 
User Generated Content
 
Veracity of User Information
 
Updating this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time, and any changes will be posted on this page. If you continue to use the Service after changes are made, you are agreeing to the revised policy.
×
×
