FTC Privacy Policy for Telemarketers
This page describes how the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) handles the information  we learn about telemarketers, sellers and other entities when they visit https://telemarketing.donotcall.gov . This is the Web site the FTC operates that is used  by such entities to comply with the National Do Not Call Registry requirements of the  Telemarketing Sales Rule. Telemarketers and others are required to access the national  registry to ensure they do not call the telephone numbers of those consumers who have  placed their numbers on the registry. We collect this information under the authority  of the amended Telemarketing Sales Rule and the Do Not Call Implementation Act of 2003, in addition to other laws we enforce or administer ,  and in accordance with the Privacy Act of 1974 , where applicable. Providing this information is voluntary, but if you do not do so, you will not be granted access to download phone numbers from the database.
Information we collect:
Listed below is the information we collect about you and your organization:
Organization information: Organization name and address; employer identification number (EIN) or the  individual Social Security number (SSN) in the case of sole proprietorship; organization contact person; and the contact person’s telephone number and email  address. If an entity is accessing the registry on behalf of a seller-client,  the entity also will need to identify that client.
Payment information: When you make a payment, we collect and store the amount, and either credit card number and expiration date, or bank information.
Download information:  When you download phone numbers from the registry, we keep track of the area   codes of the telephone numbers you download.
We automatically collect and store: the name of the domain and host from which   you access the Internet; the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you   are using; the browser software you use and your operating system; the date and   time you access this site; and the Internet address of the site from which you   linked directly to this site.
We use this information to determine the number of visitors to different sections of this  site, to help us make this site more useful, and to help resolve helpdesk requests.  We do not use it to track or record information about individuals.
We do not use persistent “ cookies ”   or tracking mechanisms that collect personally identifying information. We do   use session cookies on this site to anonymously collect a visitor’s IP address   and the date and time of the visit. Session cookies are temporary files that   are erased when you close all browsers. We use these session cookies so that   telemarketers, sellers and other entities accessing the site can move from one   secure Web page to another without having to log in to each page. Session   cookies are mandatory to ensure the proper functioning of our site; you may not   use this site if you decline to accept session cookies.
How we use and disclose information:
We use the information you provide us to process your payment, provide you with   access to the National Do Not Call Registry, and for tracking, reconciliation, debt collection, reporting,   and for law enforcement purposes. We share it with contractors acting on our behalf and with other government   agencies for these purposes. We provide payment information for processing   purposes to the United States Department of the Treasury’s electronic payment   portal, Pay.gov, which will handle the information according to Pay.gov’s   privacy policy https://pay.gov/agency/privacyAndSecurityPolicy.html
To the extent, if any, that any of the information you provide us with during your registration and subscription pertains to you as an  individual (rather than as a telemarketer, seller, or agent acting in a non-individual capacity), and is retrieved by your name or other personal  identifier rather than by corporate or organization identifiers, that information is treated as part of our National Do Not Call Registry records and other applicable record systems , such as the FTC’s nonpublic legal program records , for purposes of the Privacy Act of 1974, and is subject to  the routine uses and disclosures authorized for such record systems. It will be given the protections that personal information is given through those systems.  To learn more about how the FTC handles and safeguards your personal information, please read the FTC’s privacy policy .
If you want information about you or your organization that may be  in our records:
Under the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) and the Privacy Act of 1974, to the   extent applicable, you have certain rights to get information about you or your   organization that is in our records. For more information about the circumstances   under which you can get and correct this information, click on FOIA . To access information about you or your organization that the FTC may   have on file, contact our FOIA office . You will get access to any information   that the FOIA and Privacy Act require us to disclose to you.
Here’s what you should know about the security of the  information you provide us:
We use secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect the transmission of the   information you submit to us. The information you provide to us is stored   securely.
Our Web site links to documents located on sites maintained by other agencies   and organizations. Once you access another site, you are subject to the privacy   policy of that site.
A “cookie” is a small text file that a  Web site can place on your computer’s hard drive in order, for example, to  collect information about your activities on the site or to make it possible  for you to use an online “shopping cart” to keep track of items you wish to  purchase. The cookie transmits this information back to the Web site’s  computer, which generally speaking, is the only computer that can read it. For  a “persistent” cookie, an expiration date is set and the cookie is stored on  your hard drive until the expiration date or until you delete it. By contrast,  a “session” cookie is erased when your Web browser is closed. Many consumers do  not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit Web  sites. If you want to know when this happens, or to prevent it from happening,  you can set your browser to warn you when a Web site attempts to place a cookie  on your computer.
