Search
10.9
million
The approximate number of telephone, mobile and fax numbers on the Register
Privacy policy and data collection
Our commitment to your privacy and the principles we follow when collecting data.
The Privacy Act 1988 imposes obligations on the Australian Communications and Media Authority (ACMA) and the register operator Salmat Digital Pty Ltd (the Do Not Call Register team) for the collection, security, quality, access, use and disclosure of personal information.
The Do Not Call Register team may only collect personal information if it is reasonably necessary for, or directly related to, one or more of its functions or activities. We collect data for:
registering, checking and deregistering numbers on the Do Not Call Register
verifying your identity for applications to the register
allowing us to identify and contact you if needed to process an enquiry or complaint
other functions under the Telecommunications Act 1997 and the Do Not Call Register Act 2006.
The Do Not Call Register team will not use the information for any other purpose; nor will we disclose it, unless we have your consent or we are otherwise permitted to do so under the Privacy Act.
Registration of numbers on the Do Not Call Register is voluntary. If you submit a number for registration on behalf of another person or organisation, you will need to provide your name so we can verify that you are authorised to do so.
You may make an enquiry or complaint anonymously or using a pseudonym; however, this may prevent the Do Not Call Register team from contacting you about your enquiry or complaint, if required.
Further information on the Privacy Act and the ACMA’s privacy policy is available on the ACMA website.
FAQs
Why do you need my email address?
Email addresses are requested as part of the online registration process, to confirm your request for registration.
Please sign in to your access-seeker account.
If you don’t have an account you can create one .
All fields marked with * are mandatory
Sign in
Email Address Please ensure you enter a valid email address e.g. john.smith@domain.com *
Password Password must be at least 8 characters, must include at least one of uppercase letters, lowercase letters, and numbers *
CANCEL
This account has been locked and a password reset is required.
Select the reset password button below and an email containing reset instructions will be sent to the email address associated with this account.
If you do not receive an email or the email address is no longer active please call 1300 785 749 for assistance.
RESET PASSWORD
Password reset
Email Address Please ensure you enter a valid email address e.g. john.smith@domain.com *
An email will be sent with instructions on how to reset your account password.
© Australian Communications and Media Authority
