Contents
More of our lives are online as technology becomes more advanced. As a result, it’s crucial to know how to protect yourself from hackers and online predators.
But you can’t do that without understanding what you’re protecting yourself from.
Many hackers are just tech-savvy thieves with money as their motive, but that’s not always the case. Hackers have highly diverse motives . There are hackers who are trying to pull publicity stunts or fight for a worthy (or not-so-worthy) cause. There are others out to attack business or personal rivals. Still others want to practice their hacking skills out of a sense of curiosity or just for fun.
With all these motives, you could easily end up as someone’s target.
Even though money may not be their motive, hackers are still thieves of information. Just like any thief, a hacker will choose the most vulnerable targets they can find. But instead of using lock picks to steal from your home or business, they use software to steal your personal data.
Hackers will often try to glean information such as credit card numbers or bank account information. They may use that information themselves, or sell it to the highest bidder. They may also try to get enough personal data to steal your identity — enough to open a new credit account or take out a loan in your name, leaving you on the hook to pay the balance, and damaging your credit score for years to come.
Unfortunately, many people often make hackers’ jobs easy for them. Hackers can easily plant viruses on computers to automatically steal information, or use phishing to con you into handing over your information willingly.
While ignorance can make you an easy target, learning about hackers, their tools and motives, and how to protect yourself makes you someone they’re more likely to avoid. Just like how increasing your home security makes thieves less likely to break into your house, leveling up your computer security skills will turn hackers away as they seek easier targets.
Check out the graphic below to find out what hackers are after — and how you can protect yourself.
Protect Your Privacy: Stop Hackers Before They Stop You
They’re out there: the hackers and the bots they control. Their motivations may be varied, but their results are the same: costing you time, money and privacy. It’s important to know what it is they do and how to stop them. We have all the details here.
Dangers of Hacking
High-profile targets — for notoriety
Vulnerable individuals — because it’s easy
Hackers have a wide variety of motives, including:
For fun
Curiosity
Money from selling information or identity theft
Political expression
Most website aren’t hacked by a particular human being
Nearly 10% of all web traffic consists of automated bots that trawl websites for information
Hackers release the bots to search websites for vulnerabilities and then exploit them
Virus
First proposed by mathematician John von Neumann in 1949
An early virus was Creeper in 1971, which displayed the message, ‘I’M THE CREEPER : CATCH ME IF YOU CAN’
The anti-virus program Reaper was created to destroy it
Viruses are the most common hacking danger
Don’t need to do anything malicious, but often:
Destroy or steal data
Exploits open ports and connections to a network
Overwhelms network with requests and causes it to crash
Worm
A subclass of virus that doesn’t need to be attached to host file
They can spread without the need of humans to run them
Even when benign, worms can cause great damage
In 1988, the Morris worm was released
Created by a computer science student to gauge the size of the internet, it got out of hand
Effectively shut down the internet for several days
Some worms don’t mean to do damage, but do mean to steal resources
In 2004, Mydoom was sent out by email spammers
It used host computers to send out spam
Within a week, it had infected a million computers
The author was never found
Worms usually cause DDoS attacks, even if that isn’t the intent
May filter information back to hackers
Trojan Horse
Harm the computer it is installed on
Steal information and transmit it remotely
Use the local computer to attack others
How hackers target their victims
Researching
Business Attacks
Seemingly valid sources requesting private information
Could be a phone call or text that looks like it’s from a bank or store asking for personal info
Acquiring personal information through various kinds of phishing
Traditional Phishing
Seemingly valid requests from companies to verify personal information
Gain passwords, SSNs, bank information, and more that can allow identity theft
Spear-phishing
Targeted phishing against the most vulnerable victims
Often includes links and files to download that let hackers in
Smishing (SMS-phishing)
Uses cell phone numbers to send text messages to users asking for information or action
Message seemingly from a trusted company
Bank
Store
Organization
Gets users to click a link that ends up filling the device with malware or viruses
Vishing (voice-phishing)
Uses phone number databases to seemingly call from a company, like a bank or the IRS, and ask for personal information
Fraudulent websites
Fake job opportunities to get personal information
Spam
Malicious links that open up hackers’ sites or allow viruses to enter the computer
Attacks on Businesses and Organizations
Famous hacking attacks:
Alt.Sex, 1999
David L. Smith posted a Word file on the Alt.Sex user group, claiming that it contained user names and passwords to pornography sites.
It actually contained a virus that he named Melissa, after a stripper he knew.
Estimates indicate that up to 20% of all internet computers became infected with the virus.
Yahoo! and many others, 2000
A Canadian high school student, MafiaBoy (AKA Michael Calce) launched a series of DDoS attacks starting with Yahoo!
He went on to shut down Amazon, CNN, Ebay, and others.
It was apparently done to impress his hacker friends
New York Times, 2002
Adrian Lamo decided to celebrate his 21st birthday by hacking into the Times’ database, changing its masthead to include himself as an op-ed columnist
He also accessed their account with Lexis-Nexis — a database which allows journalists to search all articles published in major newspapers and magazines.
He used it to search for his name 3,000 times — costing the company $300,000.
Church of Scientology, 2008
The hacker group Anonymous first became widely known for their DDoS attack against the church.
The act was precipitated by the church’s threat to sue Gawker over its posting of a video featuring Tom Cruise talking about Scientology.
Anonymous led protests for months to come.
Sony PlayStation Network, 2011
Personal information such as names, email, passwords, and possibly some credit card details compromised
Target, 2013
40 million customers’ credit and debit card information compromised
70 million customers’ personal information stolen
Snapchat, 2014
Hacked twice
4.6 million usernames and passwords compromised in January 2014
About 90,000 photos and 9,000 videos compromised from third-party servers in October 2014
How businesses can protect against hacking:
Know what makes your business vulnerable:
Larger, established companies with older software
Developed before security innovations
Lack of security officers who know what they’re doing
Improving security
Upgrade software
General employee training in IT security concerns
IT security officers present concerns in accessible ways
IT security officers integrated into projects to spot security loopholes during the development process
Research what company information is available to the public through online searches and public records.
Hire ‘white hat’ hackers to test the system
Encrypt communications and data
A personal computer is hacked every 6 seconds
Seven out of 10 hacking victims indirectly provided hackers with their passwords
What hackers are after:
Financial details to thieves
Know what makes you most vulnerable:
Public Wi-Fi
Often public connections are not encrypted and therefore not secure from hackers.
Weak security habits
Not using 2-factor authentication
Where your password is combined with something else like a code texted to your phone
It is a huge advantage in the fight against hackers
Using easy passwords
Simple to guess
Leaving accounts signed in
Use encrypted communications and data
Check the encryption settings on devices, web browsers, and email applications
Keep your software up to date
The Sasser worm was release 17 days after Microsoft released a fix for the vulnerability
Don’t click suspicious links
Stay off questionable sites where malware is common
Pornography sites are notorious for malware
Illegal download sites are riddled with viruses
Avoid phishing-type scams
Verify requests for personal information and passwords by calling the bank or company directly
Only download from trustworthy sources
People you know accompanied with a legitimate message from the person with the attachment or link
Known websites of established companies
Have separate email accounts for various activities such as social media, banking, and shopping with different passwords
Avoid public computers and free Wi-Fi, unless it’s a secure network
Avoid sharing personal information online
Hackers can combine data from multiple sources to attack you.
They can create customized phishing attacks with information they’ve found
They can use knowledge about you to guess security questions that allow access to your accounts
Much personal information that is used for security can be made public by you via social media interactions
‘I was really torn up when my first dog Oblivious died”
‘I think my mother married my father for his name. Her maiden name was Careless.’
‘What do you mean no one remembers the street they grew up on?! I lived on Imprudent Street until I was 10.’
Be wary about sharing any of the following online:
Names
Use firewalls, high security settings, and antivirus/antispyware software
Regularly check accounts for unauthorized activity
It is impossible to say what some ingenious hacker will come up with next. But in general, you will limit your vulnerability by keeping your software up to date, knowing who you are dealing with, and taking precautions like using 2-factor authorization and strong passwords..
Sources: crucialp.com, incapsula.com, experian.com, fastcompany.com, fortune.com, businessweek.com, idownloadblog.com, extremetech.com, gawker.com, cnn.com, newsweek.com, bbc.co.uk, essence.com, isaca.org, whoishostingthis.com
Sources
Legal information, legal templates and legal policies are not legal advice.
