Updated May 2017
ADVERTISING and SPONSORSHIP GUIDELINES
These Guidelines set forth standards that govern Veritas Health, LLC’s relationship with its advertising partners and the relationship between editorial and advertising content. The overriding consideration is that Veritas Health, LLC must maintain its editorial integrity and the trust of its readers by providing you with premium quality, and comprehensive and unbiased health information.
Veritas Health, LLC is a for-profit business supported in part by sponsorships and paid advertising. However, we recognize the importance of maintaining a clear separation between our peer reviewed editorial content and paid sponsorships and/or advertisements. Unlike much of the health information available on the Internet, we believe clear separation between the editorial content and sponsorships/advertising is essential to providing accurate and unbiased information.
This policy, applies to all Veritas Health, LLC properties including, but not limited to, our websites, mobile sites, forums and any other medium. Please recognize that no set of Guidelines can address every situation or issue that may arise in the course of doing business.  Consequently, these guidelines will be revisited and updated from time to time with no prior notice. As we grow, we remain open to suggestions, corrections and criticism from our readers and interested parties.
ADVERTISING GUIDELINES
The Guidelines in the following section apply to all advertisements on Veritas Health, LLC properties, which include spine-health.com , arthritis-health.com , sports-health.com , osteoarthritis-health.com and all related mobile and email publications.
No relationship with an advertiser will compromise Veritas Health, LLC’s editorial integrity.
All advertising content must be clearly distinguishable from editorial content. In order to achieve clearly distinguishable advertising content, Veritas Health, LLC will label an advertisement with the word “Advertisement,” “Sponsored Resource” and/or “Sponsored Content.”
Advertisers are responsible for ensuring that their ads are adequately substantiated and comply with all applicable state and federal laws, regulations, and guidelines.
Advertising content on Veritas Health, LLC properties does not reflect the views of Veritas Health, LLC, its’ editors, employees and/or other interested parties.
If an advertisement, in our opinion, contains false or unlawful content, Veritas Health, LLC reserves the sole right to refuse or remove the ad in whole or in part.  Additionally, Veritas Health, LLC may exercise its discretion to refuse to publish or may remove any advertising that is inconsistent with Veritas Health, LLC company values, goals, brand or may in our sole opinion, bring disparagement, harm to reputation, or other damage to Veritas Health, LLC’s mission, employees and/or brand.
Veritas Health, LLC will not accept the following:
Advertising that Veritas Health, LLC believes, in its opinion, is indecent, vulgar, suggestive, profane, or offensive.
Advertising for illegal products or services, including drugs, illegal substances, or any related products or services.
Advertising that Veritas Health, LLC believes advocates hateful or violent text and/or images against any individual, group, or organization.
Advertising that Veritas Health, LLC determines to be inflammatory.
Advertising that Veritas Health, LLC determines represents a personal attack against an individual, group, country, or organization.
Advertising that Veritas Health, LLC believes undermines the intellectual integrity, authority, and/or character of Veritas Health, LLC’s mission, company values or brand.
Veritas Health, LLC may remove advertising content at any time if such content is inconsistent with the policies described herein, with or without prior notice to the advertising client and regardless of whether the advertising content has been accepted or displayed within Veritas Health, LLC for any period of time.
The application of the foregoing standards shall be within the sole discretion of Veritas Health, LLC’s business and/or legal staff.
SPONSORED CONTENT GUIDELINES
The Guidelines in the following section apply to all Sponsored Content on Veritas Health, LLC properties, which include spine-health.com , arthritis-health.com , sports-health.com , osteoarthritis-health.com and all related mobile and email publications.
Sponsored Content is content created or commissioned by advertisers in collaboration with Veritas Health, LLC’s sales and marketing team. Veritas Health, LLC allows Sponsored Content in two forms: (1) Content produced by Veritas Health, LLC’s sales and marketing team as contracted with its advertising partners; and, (2) Content produced by advertisers and published on Veritas Health, LLC.
As with all advertising, Sponsored Content does not reflect the views and choices of Veritas Health, LLC. Accordingly, Veritas Health, LLC will prominently display the following disclaimer on all Sponsored Content: “The following is a Sponsored Resource. The sponsor of this content has sole editorial control.” Veritas Health, LLC will ensure the treatment and design of Sponsored Content is clearly differentiated from peer reviewed editorial content. In addition, Veritas Health, LLC will not publish and/or modify Sponsored Content without full approval by the Sponsor of said content.
Veritas Health, LLC will refuse publication of content that, in Veritas Health’s sole judgment, undermines the intellectual integrity, authority, and/or character of Veritas Health, LLC’s mission, company values or brand.
Veritas Health, LLC may in its’ sole discretion at any time and without prior approval reject or remove any Sponsored Content that contains false, deceptive, misleading, or illegal information or statements; or, Veritas Health, LLC believes is inconsistent with or undermines the intellectual integrity, authority, and/or character of Veritas Health, LLC’s mission, company values or brand. or may bring disparagement, harm to reputation, or other damage to Veritas Health, LLC’s employees, mission and/or the Veritas Health, LLC brand.
Veritas Health, LLC may enable readers to comment on Sponsored Content on Veritas Health, LLC’s sites and/or on Veritas Health, LLC’s social media or forums. If the comment function is enabled on Sponsored Content, the Sponsor will not have any role in moderating such comments. The only moderation of such comments will be performed by Veritas Health, LLC employees who implement Veritas Health, LLC’s generally applicable Terms of Use which prohibit posting or transmitting any Content that is unlawful, false or misleading, grossly offensive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortuous, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable.
Veritas Health, LLC may remove Sponsored Content at any time if such content is inconsistent with the policies described herein, with or without prior notice to the advertising client and regardless of whether the advertising content has been accepted or displayed within Veritas Health, LLC for any period of time.
The application of the foregoing standards shall be within the sole discretion of Veritas Health, LLC’s business and/or legal staff.
Veritas Health publishes original articles written for patients by over 100 physician authors and peer-reviewed by a 16 member Medical Advisory Board . These trusted, independent sites are supported by hundreds of physician members and visited by millions of patients and their physicians.
The information on Spine-health.com is not intended as a substitute for medical professional help or advice but is to be used only as an aid in understanding spine and spine related conditions.
© 1999-2018 Veritashealth.com . All rights reserved.
version.7.06.025-7.06.005
