Theme
Special
Privacy Policy
1001 Fonts is committed to protecting the privacy of its users and so this policy points out which user-data is collected and who has access to them.
First-Party Cookies
1001 Fonts may serve up to three first-party cookies for the .1001fonts.com domain: A unique (psydonymized) sessionID cookie to recognize visitors across pages, an optional rememberMe cookie to to recognize returning signed in users and last a non-personal browsing cookie for saving selected browsing preferences such as desired font preview size, color or fonts per page.
User Registration
Users can sign up for a registered account . The given password is stored in a salted, one-way repetitively encrypted hash and can not be restored. The submitted email address is not published and only visible to the owner within his/her user profile. This preference can later be changed by the user at free will. An MD5 hash of the email address is however publicly used for obtaining an avatar from gravatar.com .
User Generated Content
Signed in users are able to generate and publish certain content, such as posting to a forum or commenting on a font or even publishing a font. The visibility/privacy of such content may vary and is usually marked with icons:
= Visible to everyone on the Internet
= Visible to font authors only
= Visible to signed in users only
= Visible to the content owner only
Email addresses published within public content are encrypted in a format hopefully not readable by spambots. In case of legitimate incoming copyright inquiries regarding user generated content, the user's email address may be used to enabling direct communication between 1001 Fonts and the two parties to hopefully help resolve any issues.
Analytics
1001 Fonts uses Google Analytics to analyze its traffic, which makes use of (unique) cookies as well. IP-addresses get anonymized. You can opt out of our Google Analytics data collection by using the tools available here .
Third Party Advertising
1001 Fonts uses third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here .
Further Information
.
