Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
 
 
Our Privacy Policy
 
 
 
 
Who we are
The LEGO Group is made up by several different legal entities spread around the world. Read more about the LEGO Group here  https://www.lego.com/aboutus   
 
 
How to contact us
 
 
 
Your rights as a someone we have personal data about (data subject)
 
At any point while we are in possession of or processing your personal data, you have the following rights:
Right of access – you     have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.
Right of rectification – you have a right to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or     incomplete.
Right to be forgotten – in certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be     erased from our records. If we are legally obligated to keep the information or     if it is impossible or unproportionate, we won’t delete it but we will only     keep it for as long as it is needed and we have time limits on our data     systems.
Right to restriction of     processing – where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the     processing.
Right of portability – you have the right to have the data we hold about you transferred to another organization.
Right to object – you     have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct     marketing.
Right to object to     automated processing, including profiling – you also have the right not to have     a computer make decisions about you directly (this doesn’t include general     marketing based on your age or gender).
 
 
 
Complaints about our behavior
 
 
 
how your request for     access to data has been handled;
how your complaint has     been handled;
appeal against any     decision made following a complaint.
 
 
Our rules for collecting data
 
Whenever we collect customer data, we make sure:
We ask for permission to     collect the data
We only use the data for     the agreed reason and for the time it’s needed
We will as a minimum meet     the local data protection laws in the country where we provide you with a     service via our website or our applications.
We keep data that we’re     legally required to have on record
We explain why we need     the data and how we’ll use it (unless we have legitimate reason not to)
We check and update     privacy information on a regular basis (we might also cross-check the data     against other database to make sure it’s correct)
 
 
Collecting data in our online channels
We collect your personal and anonymous information from you when you visit any of the sites on our LEGO.com domain or when you use one of our applications. When you visit our online channels, you’ll be able to check if we’re collecting data under terms and conditions of the site.
 
 
Types of personal information we collect
When you’re visiting any of these online channels, we may collect:
Registration information     that we use to help you set up an account (e.g. your name, country, gender,     date of birth, email address, username and password).
Payment or transactional     information that we use when you buy products or use online services (e.g.     postal address, phone number or credit card number).
Location information or     your IP Address that we use to give you relevant online content.
Information you’ve shared     publicly on our forums.
Information you’ve sent     to an individual or group using our messaging, chat or post services
 
 
Why we need to process personal data
 
As we’re a global company that sells toys directly to customers and offers many different experiences for our fans, we need to process personal customer data, so that:
Customers can buy     products from our online LEGO Shop and have them delivered where they want
Customers are able     register for any accounts and services they want to use
Customers can use the     online and offline LEGO experiences we’ve created for them
Customers can share     information on our public forums
We can send customers any     information they’ve asked us for or answer their questions
We can ask customers to     give us feedback on our services through questionnaires and surveys
 
 
 
 
How we process personal data
 
 
 
 
 
Sharing information with trusted subsidiaries (other LEGO companies)
Our subsidiaries (the other companies in the LEGO Group) may sometimes need to access your information to provide services to you on our behalf. Because the LEGO Group is passionate about your privacy, we have made a decision to implement the same privacy protection all over the world, so you can feel safe no matter which LEGO Group company is using your data.  Legally, other LEGO Group companies will then be acting as ‘data processors’ and will be subject to data processing laws. They need your personal data so they can:
Deliver products and     services you’ve requested
Get in touch with you     about your account or transactions
Send you information     about our sites, applications and policies
Send you any newsletters     you’ve signed up for (you can unsubscribe at any time)
 
 
 
Sharing information on public forums and chat
 
 
Sharing your LEGO ID
 
 
Sharing information on Social Media (Features) and Widgets
 
 
Sharing information with other companies
Please see our category list of trusted third parties that we may share your information with  here . 
We won’t share your personal information outside the LEGO Group except:
When we need to enforce     the terms of use or the policies that we ask customers to agree to;
When we need to protect     the safety, security, rights and property of our customers or third-party     partners;
When we need to meet     legal processes or if disclosure of the data is required by law;
When we’re asking other     companies like e.g. couriers, shipping and warehouse service provides, payment     providers, IT platform providers, fraud detection and prevention providers,     survey providers, product catalogue providers and customer service suppliers to     deliver services on our behalf; We have contracts with the companies to make     sure they only use your personal information for agreed services and meet legal     requirements;
When we store your     information using secure cloud storage services/facilities. We have contracts     with companies to make sure they only use your personal information for the     agreed services and meet legal requirements;
If a merger, acquisition     or sale of assets ever meant we needed to share information with a third party     - in this case we’d email you and post a notice on our website to publish the     change of owner and we’d also tell you how your data would be used and give you     options regarding your personal data;
When you’ve given us     permission to share your information with third parties so they can send you     information on their products and promotions (you can opt out of these emails     by contacting our  LEGO Customer Service  team     although in some cases you may also need to contact the third-party directly);
When you have given us     permission to share your information with third parties, so they can provide     you with marketing information and promotions regarding our products (as an     example personalized advertising provided via a social media platform). You can     opt out of such marketing activities by adjusting your cookie settings on your     device. In some cases, you may also need to contact the third party directly     (in case of social media adjust your privacy settings and request deletion of     collected information by the third-party site)
 
 
How     long do we keep your personal information
 
 
 
Our     Cookie Policy
Cookies are small data     files that your browser places on your computer or device. A cookie itself does     not contain or collect information. However, when it is read by a server via a     web browser it can help a website deliver a more user-friendly service – for     example, remembering previous purchases or account details.
Like most websites, our     online channels and our applications (apps) collect some information (e.g. information     on IP addresses, browsers, internet service providers, referring pages, exit     pages, operating systems, date stamps, time stamps and clickstream data). This     information won’t be linked to any other information we collect about you     unless you have given your consent that we may do this.
Both we and our     third-party tracking utility partners use browser storage, app storage,     cookies, pixls, beacons, scripts and tags to analyze trends, administer the     site, track user movement through the site and collect demographic information     about our overall user base. We may receive reports on these from our     third-party tracking utility partners on an individual and aggregate basis. For     more information about cookies, please read our full  Cookie Policy .
Keeping     children safe online
 
 
 
 
 
When we do process     personal information from children, we take extra steps to protect their     privacy including:
Making sure we tell     parents what personal information we collect, store, use and process from their     child and explaining whether we share the information
Meeting legal     requirements by asking for parental consent to collect, use and process a     child’s data and asking for consent to send their children information about     our products and services
Limiting how we collect,     store, use and process personal information from children so only data that is     reasonably needed for them to take part in an online activity is collected
 
 
Collecting and using children’s information
 
 
Here are some examples of times when we collect children’s data:
When children register     online
 
When children share     content they’ve created themselves
 
When children enter     contests and sweepstakes
 
When children receive     emails from us
 
When children receive app     push notifications
 
When we collect location     information 
 
When we collect ‘persistent identifiers’
 
 
What if we accidentally collect children’s data?
 
 
Asking for low-level consent by email
If we need to collect a child’s personal information, we’ll ask for parental consent according to COPPA legal requirements. We’ll send the child’s parent or guardian an email explaining what information we’re collecting, how we plan to use it and ask the parent to give or deny their consent. If we don’t receive parental consent in a reasonable time, we’ll delete all information we’ve collected from the child including the adult’s contact information that we asked for in order to request consent. 
Asking for high-level ‘verifiable consent’
 
 
What if a parent or guardian hasn’t been contacted for consent?
 
Parental choices and controls
 
If a child has a registered LEGO ID, parents or guardians can access, change or delete the personal information we’ve collected from their child by:
Using their child’s     username and password to log into their child’s LEGO ID account
 
 
 
Sharing information we have consent to share with others
 
We may share personal information to meet legal processes or if disclosure is required by law. As allowed by relevant laws, we may also share personal information collected from children to:
Comply with a request     from to a law enforcement or public agency (including schools or children     services) or to avoid liability
Make a disclosure that we     believe may stop a crime being committed
Help an investigation     related to public safety
 
 
 
Our employees
 
 
LEGO Partners
 
 
Data security and integrity
The security, integrity and confidentiality of customer information is extremely important to us. We use technical, administrative and physical security measures to protect personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use and modification. All external transfers that contain personal information are done using encrypted technology. Credit card information is handled by approved service providers that meet PCI (Payment Card Industry) standards and have appropriate safeguards in place.
 
 
 
 
 
Data transfers, storage and processing globally
 
 
 
Binding Corporate Rules and local legal requirements
 
 
 
We generally collect personal information directly from you where this is reasonable and practical but may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the personal information you provided or which we processed automatically.
We may also use your     personal information to tell you about the products and services of the LEGO     Group or third parties. From time to time, we and our LEGO Group entities and     business partners may contact you by mail, telephone, email or other electronic     messaging services (such as text, voice, sound or image messages including     using automated calling systems) with information about products and services     (including discounts and special offers). If you no longer wish to receive     marketing or promotional information from us and our LEGO Group entities or our     partners, you can unsubscribe at any time. There are certain messages relating     to the goods and services we provide to you that cannot be unsubscribed from.
Should the LEGO Group     experience a data breach and your information be involved, we will contact you     if there is a risk of serious harm to you and if we are legally obliged to do     so. In some instances, the LEGO Group will also be legally obliged to contact     (data protection) authorities when a breach of privacy information occurs.
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
 
 
 
 
 
We process personal data with vendors in the following categories:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
