Toggle navigation
Last Updated: June 05, 2018
Hotel Globo values you as our guest and recognizes that privacy is important to you. We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose data.
This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Hotel Globo for data that we collect:
 through a website operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (the “Website”)
 through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “Apps”)
 through our social media pages that we control from which you are accessing this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “Social Media Pages”)
 through HTML-formatted email messages that we send you that link to this Privacy Policy and through your communications with us
 when you visit or stay as a guest at one of our properties, or through other offline interactions
 
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA
“Personal Data” are data that identify you as an individual or relate to an identifiable individual.
At touchpoints throughout your guest journey, we collect Personal Data in accordance with law, such as:
 Name
 Gender
 Financial information in limited circumstances
 Language preference
 Nationality, passport, visa or other government-issued identification data
 Important dates, such as birthdays, anniversaries and special occasions
 Membership or loyalty program data (including co-branded payment cards, travel partner program affiliations)
 Employer details
 Travel itinerary, tour group or activity data
 Prior guest stays or interactions, goods and services purchased, special service and amenity requests
 Geolocation information
 Social media account ID, profile photo and other data publicly available, or data made available by linking your social media and loyalty accounts
In more limited circumstances, we also may collect:
 Data about family members and companions, such as names and ages of children
 Biometric data, such as digital images
 Images and video and audio data via: (a) security cameras located in public areas, such as hallways and lobbies, in our properties; and (b) body-worn cameras carried by our loss prevention officers and other security personnel
 Guest preferences and personalized data (“Personal Preferences”), such as your interests, activities, hobbies, food and beverage choices, services and amenities of which you advise us or which we learn about during your visit
 
We collect Personal Data in a variety of ways:
Online Services. We collect Personal Data when you make a reservation, purchase goods and services from our Website or Apps, communicate with us, or otherwise connect with us or post to social media pages, or sign up for a newsletter or participate in a survey, contest or promotional offer.
Property Visits and Offline Interactions. We collect Personal Data when you visit our properties or use on-property services and outlets, such as restaurants, concierge services, health clubs, child care services, and spas. We also collect Personal Data when you attend promotional events that we host or in which we participate, or when you provide your Personal Data to facilitate an event.
Customer Care Centers. We collect Personal Data when you make a reservation over the phone, communicate with us by email, fax or via online chat services or contact customer service. These communications may be recorded for purposes of quality assurance and training.
Strategic Business Partners. We collect Personal Data from companies with whom we partner to provide you with goods, services or offers based upon your experiences at our properties or that we believe will be of interest to you (“Strategic Business Partners”). Examples of Strategic Business Partners include on-property outlets, travel and tour partners, timeshare partners, rental car providers and travel booking platforms. Strategic Business Partners are independent of Hotel Globo.
Other Sources. We collect Personal Data from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, and other third parties.
Internet-Connected Devices. We collect Personal Data from internet-connected devices available in our properties. For example, a smart home assistant may be available for your use and to tailor your accommodations and experience.
 
COLLECTION OF OTHER DATA
“Other Data” are data that generally do not reveal your specific identity or do not directly relate to an individual. To the extent Other Data reveal your specific identity or relate to an individual, we will treat Other Data as Personal Data. Other Data include:
 Browser and device data
 Demographic data and other data provided by you
 Aggregated data
We collect Other Data in a variety of ways:
Your browser or device. We collect certain data through your browser or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Online Services (such as the Apps) you are using. We use this data to ensure that the Online Services function properly.
Your use of the Apps. We collect certain data when you download and use an App, such as App usage data, the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what data and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
Cookies. We collect certain data from cookies, which are pieces of data stored directly on the computer or mobile device that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect data such as browser type, time spent on the Online Services, pages visited, referring URL, language preferences, and other aggregated traffic data.  We use the data for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display data more effectively, to collect statistical data, to personalize your experience while using the Online Services and to recognize your computer to assist your use of the Online Services.  We also gather statistical data about use of the Online Services to continually improve design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us in resolving questions.
Cookies further allow us to select which advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are using the Online Services or to send marketing emails. We also use cookies to track responses to online advertisements and marketing emails.
If you do not want data collected with cookies, you can learn more about controlling cookies at:  http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser or by managing your tracking preferences by clicking on “Tracking Preferences” located at the bottom of our homepage. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Online Services.  For example, we will not be able to recognize your computer, and you will need to log in every time you visit. You also will not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.  At this time, we do not respond to browser “Do-Not-Track” signals.
Analytics. We collect data through Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics, which use cookies and technologies to collect and analyze data about use of the Services. These services collect data regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to  www.google.com/policies/privacy/‌partners/  and opt out by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . You can learn more about Adobe and opt-out by visiting  http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html .
Your IP Address. We collect your IP address, a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  An IP address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files when a user accesses the Online Services, along with the time of the visit and the pages that were visited. We use IP addresses to calculate usage levels, diagnose server problems and administer the Online Services. We also may derive your approximate location from your IP address.
 
USE OF PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER DATA
We use Personal Data and Other Data to provide you with Services, to develop new offerings and to protect Hotel Globo and our guests as detailed below. In some instances, we will request that you provide Personal Data or Other Data to us directly. If you do not provide the data that we request, or prohibit us from collecting such data, we may not be able to provide the requested Services.
We use Personal Data and Other Data for our legitimate business interests, including the following:
 Provide the Services you request. We use Personal Data and Other Data to provide Services you request, including:
 To facilitate reservations, payment, send administrative information, confirmations or pre-arrival messages, to assist you with meetings and events and to provide you with other information about the area and the property at which you are scheduled to visit
 To complete your reservation and stay, for example, to process your payment, ensure that your room is available and provide you with related customer service
 To support our electronic receipt program. When you provide an email address in making a reservation, we use that email address to send you a copy of your bill. If you make a reservation for another person using your email address, that person’s bill will be emailed to you, as well. You can opt out of receiving your bill via email and instead receive a paper copy by contacting the front desk
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to manage our contractual relationship with you because we have a legitimate interest to do so and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
 Personalize the Services according to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to personalize the Services and improve your experiences, including when you contact our call center, visit one of our properties or use the Online Services, to:
Customize your experience according to your Personal Preferences
Present offers tailored to your Personal Preferences
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to provide personalized Services according to your Personal Preferences either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Communicate with you about goods and services according to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to:
Send you marketing communications and promotional offers, as well as periodic customer satisfaction, market research or quality assurance surveys
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to communicate with you with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Loyalty Programs. We use Personal Data and Other Data to:
 Offer and manage your participation in our global loyalty programs, as well as others that are specific to certain properties or tailored to your interests
 Send you offers, promotions, and information about your account status and activities
 Assess your benefits
 Administer points earned through co-branded credit cards
 Manage your choices regarding how you wish to earn, track and use your points
We will use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Sweepstakes, activities, events, and promotions. We use Personal Data and Other Data to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions and to administer these activities.  Some of these activities have additional rules and may contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Data. We suggest that you read any such rules carefully.
We use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Business Purposes. We use Personal Data and Other Data for data analysis, audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention (including with the use of closed-circuit television, card keys, and other security systems), developing new goods and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
 
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER DATA
Our goal is to provide you with the highest level of hospitality and Services, and to do so, we share Personal Data and Other Data with the following:
Strategic Business Partners. We disclose Personal Data and Other Data with select Strategic Business Partners who provide goods, services and offers that enhance your experience at our properties or that we believe will be of interest to you. By sharing data with these Strategic Business Partners, we are able to make personalized services and unique travel experiences available to you. For example, this sharing enables spa, restaurant, health club, concierge and other outlets at our properties to provide you with services. This sharing also enables us to provide you with a single source for purchasing packages that include travel-related services, such as airline tickets, rental cars, and vacation packages.
Service Providers. We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to third-party service providers for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Examples of service providers include companies that provide website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, marketing, auditing and other services.
Linked Accounts and Promotional Activity. We partner with certain third parties that allow you to enroll in their services or participate in their promotions. For example, certain companies allow you to use your loyalty program number or Online Services login to receive or register for their services. These companies include airlines and rental car providers, as well as sponsors of sweepstakes and contests.  Additionally, your social media account provider allows you to connect your social media account to your Online Services account or log into your Online Services account from your social media account. When you enroll in those services, we disclose your Personal Data and Other Data to those third parties. If you do not want us to share your Personal Data or Other Data in this way, do not provide your loyalty program number to third parties, do not use your Online Services login to register for third-party promotions and do not connect your Online Services account with accounts on third-party services. Data shared in this way will be governed by the third party’s privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy.
 
OTHER USES AND DISCLOSURES
We will use and disclose Personal Data as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with  applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including authorities outside your country of residence and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations; (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Hotel Globo, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
 
NON-HOTEL GLOBO ENTITIES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for the privacy, data or other practices of any entities outside of Hotel Globo, including Strategic Business Partners or any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link, payment service, loyalty program, or website that is the landing page of the high-speed Internet providers at our properties. The inclusion of a link on the Online Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. We have no control over and are not responsible for, any third party’s collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Data.
 
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS
 
SECURITY
 
HOW CAN YOU ACCESS, CHANGE OR SUPPRESS YOUR PERSONAL DATA?
If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete Personal Data that you have previously provided to us, or if you would like to receive an electronic copy of your Personal Data for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent this right to data portability is provided to you by law), you can contact us at  info@hotelglobo.com , or by mail:
Hotel Globo Split
Croatia
In your request, please make clear what Personal Data you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Data suppressed from our database, or other limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Data. For your protection, we only fulfill requests for the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
 
RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include:
 The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services)
 Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them)
 
SENSITIVE DATA
 
USE OF SERVICES BY MINORS
 
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY 
 
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at  info@hotelglobo.com , or by mail:
Hotel Globo Split
Croatia
Because your email communications to us may not always be secure, please do not include credit card or Sensitive Data in your emails to us.
