Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the A View From My Seat LLC and it's web and mobile properties, including aviewfrommyseat.com, related domains, and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to A View From My Seat include aviewfrommyseat.com, all the aviewfrommyseat international domains and the A View From My Seat mobile apps, are referred to as the collective AVFMS. The AVFMS website is a curated photo sharing site. By using the AVFMS website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
AVFMS encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from AVFMS so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. AVFMS is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the AVFMS website.
Collection of your Personal Information
AVFMS may collect personally identifiable information, such as your email address. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. All data collected by AVFMS is collected by servers in the United States and resides there.
 
Use of your Personal Information
 
 
 
 
 
AVFMS will disclose your personal information, without notice, ONLY if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on AVFMS or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of AVFMS; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of AVFMS, or the public.
Personaly identifiable information we may collect, and its purpose.
We only collect 1 piece of personally identifiable information. It's the bare minimun of what we need to give you the ability to use all our services.
Email address: To allow you to reset your password, and subscribe to any emails or notifications.
You can also remain completly anonymous while using AVFMS. An account or profile is not required to use our services.
Use of Cookies
 
 
 
Cookies that we create
Last 5 photo pages visited. To provide a quick wy to get back to them.
Last 5 venue pages visited. To prefill the venue field on the photo upload page for you.
Last 5 artists pages you visited. To prefill the artist field, if you decide to share a photo from one of their shows.
Your session. This keeps you logged until you log out, for up to 1 year.
Third-Party Data Collection
These are the third party services that may be setting cookies on our properties. We do not pass any identifiable information to third-partys, including your email address or user id.
Analytics
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of the Site. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about the Site use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to the Site is used to create reports about the use of the Site. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html .
Data Retention, within Google Analytics for AVFMS, is set to 26 months. We do NOT provide a User ID to Google Analytics. IP addresses that Google colelcts are anonymized so they can't be associated with you specificially.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
You can find a full list of our Ad providers at: https://aviewfrommyseat.com/ads.txt
Facebook
We use Facebook's comment plugin for comments. This may be collecting data about some of the pages you visit on AVFMS. We also use Facebooks pixel, to aid in providing relevant advertising. You can find Facebook's privacy policy here: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Share Button
We use ShareThis.com to give you the ability to easily and quickly share a page. This widget appear at the top of most of our pages. AddThis may use cookies or pixels to gather information about the page you are visiting. You can find their Privacy Policy here: https://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy
Security of your Personal Information
 
 
Children Under Sixteen
 
Disconnecting your AVFMS Account from Third Party Websites
 
Opt-In & Opt-Out
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. By default, you are opted-out of all communications from A View From My Seat. You may opt-in or opt-out of receiving any or all communications from AVFMS by going:
 
Changes to this Statement
AVFMS will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. AVFMS encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how AVFMS is protecting your information.
 
Contact Information
 
100 S. Broad St.
 
