× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Sierratradingpost.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Sierratradingpost.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.sierratradingpost.com/lp2/policies/#... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee
When you do business with Sierra Trading Post, you're getting the best guarantee out there. If you are not happy with your purchase for any reason, please return it to us as soon as possible. We will make it right! Learn more about us !
Return Policy
For U.S. customer convenience, there is a prepaid UPS return shipping label included within your original order. Returns for refund will be subject to a $6.95 return shipping fee ($10.95 will be charged for AK, HI, all U.S. territories and possessions. This fee covers return shipping from you to us.)
Exchange & Return Options:
1. Create Instant Store Credit for Exchange or Replacement Products
Exchanges and Returns are quick and easy. Just follow the online exchange/return process to add Instant Store Credit to your account; it's the fastest way to return an item for exchange or replacement, and you may start shopping for a new item immediately. The Instant Store Credit will remain on your account for 6 months. Once you’ve made it through the online exchange/return process and printed a label, you must return your unwanted items within 10 days.
Use your Instant Store Credit and receive FREE return shipping and FREE shipping on your next order*. Online Instant Store Credit is valid only for addresses within the contiguous 48 United States only. Excludes AK, HI, all U.S. territories, possessions and all international orders . Orders placed within the last 6 months are eligible for Instant Store Credit ( Exchanges and Returns FAQs *).
Create Instant Store Credit Now
2. Traditional Exchanges, Replacements, & Returns
If you prefer a Traditional Exchange, Replacement, or Return simply fill out the form on the back of your invoice and use the prepaid UPS return shipping label included within your package (merchandise returns for refund may be subject to a return shipping fee of $6.95 for 48 contiguous U.S. and $10.95 for AK, HI, all U.S. territories and possessions). We will process your return or exchange after it arrives(please note: requests for item exchange using the traditional method will be subject to availability). For traditional exchange and replacement requests, a $2.95 shipping fee will apply to the new order.
If you choose not to use our prepaid label, you will be responsible for paying all return shipping costs up front.
Please send your return to:
Sierra Trading Post
5025 Campstool Rd
Cheyenne, WY 82007-1898
International Exchanges & Returns
For more information on International Exchanges and Returns, please click here .
Please follow the packing and return instructions to ensure prompt service:
PayPal, Bill Me Later, and V.Me by Visa Exchanges & Returns
Returns for orders placed using V.me by Visa must be made within 60 days from the date of purchase to receive credit on the card stored on your V.me by Visa account. Returns made after 60 days and prior to 6 months will be issued a refund check. Returns made after 6 months will be issued a store credit in accordance with our normal Return Policy
Exchanges for orders placed using PayPal , V.me by Visa and Bill Me Later are different than our normal exchange policies. Exchanges cannot be accepted - if you need to make an exchange, we can give you a refund or store credit for your return and then we recommend that you place a new replacement order for the item you want. We apologize for any inconvenience.
DirectShip Items Only: 60-Day Return Policy and Return Process
DirectShip items must be returned within 60 days to the vendor for your return to be processed and a refund or exchange to be issued. Do not return DirectShip items to Sierra Trading Post. Please follow the instructions below:
1. Contact Sierra Trading Post Customer Service and tell them that you want to return a DirectShip item
2. Please give the representative the reason(s) for return
3. Request a Return Label be sent
4. Repack the item and attach the Return Label
5. The shipping company will pick up the item
6. Customer pays a return shipping fee equal to the original shipping cost on all returned DirectShip items, unless the product was sent in error, damaged during shipping or is defective (to be determined during the return process)
7. A credit (less any return shipping fees) will only be issued after the item has been inspected and the return process is completed by the vendor
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
California Privacy
Notice to California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law provides that you be given the opportunity to opt out of our sharing your personal information with third parties that would use such personal information for their own direct marketing. Absent such an opt-out, we may share your information as described in the "Privacy Policy" above. Accordingly, per California law, we provide a way for you to opt out if you do not want us to share your information in this manner.
If you are a California resident, you may ask us to refrain from sharing your personal information with third parties for their marketing purposes. Please tell us your preference by contacting Customer Service . If you have already received communications from us, it will expedite the opt-out process if you are prepared to provide us with the exact name and addresses under which you have been receiving communications from us. Please note that it may take us up to 30 days to fully process your opt-out request.
Knives Policy
The sale of certain knives, including without limitation "dangerous knives," is restricted by some federal, state, and local laws. When you purchase or order a knife from Sierra Trading Post by any method, you represent and agree to the following conditions of purchase: You are of legal age to purchase the knife ordered, and that knife can be legally purchased and possessed by you under your applicable local, state, county, city, and federal laws. You understand and agree that Sierra Trading Post does not offer any guarantee of performance or expectation, and that the knife by its very nature may be dangerous and potentially lethal. You assume all risks associated with ownership and use of the knife, and will not hold Sierra Trading Post responsible or liable for any injury resulting from ownership, use, misuse, or defect. You will not use any knife purchased from Sierra Trading Post for an unlawful purpose.
Air Rifles Policy
Sierra Trading Post has decided not to sell air rifles on-line.
We remind all our customers of our Air Rifle Policy, which remains in effect.
The sale of air rifles is restricted by some federal, state and local laws. When you order or purchase an air rifle from Sierra Trading Post by any method, you represent by your actions as a condition of purchase that:
1. You are of legal age to purchase the air rifle ordered, and that the rifle can be legally purchased and possessed by you under your applicable Local, State, County, City and Federal laws. The following states have some type of age restriction regarding the sale to minors; DE MA PA IL CA FL NH NY NJ RI ID CO OK IA HI AK NC MS.
2. You understand and agree that air rifles by its very nature may be dangerous and potentially lethal. You assume all risks associated with ownership and use of the rifle, and will not hold STP responsible or liable for any injury resulting from ownership, use, misuse, or defect.
3. You will not use any air rifle purchased from STP for an unlawful purpose.
Bicycles Policy (48 contiguous U.S. only)
A handling and inspection charge of $40 will be charged for the shipment of all bicycles. All bikes are preassembled by a certified bike mechanic to ensure bicycle is complete and functioning properly. Components and wheels are adjusted, and the bike is test ridden before being disassembled and prepped for shipping. Bicycles should be reassembled by a qualified bicycle mechanic. Must ship UPS Ground within the 48 contiguous U.S. only. Not eligible for special shipping offers.
Boats, Kayaks and Canoes Policy (48 contiguous U.S. only)
All of Sierra Trading Post boats are cosmetic 2nds and may come with minor blemishes, not unlike those that are the result of one or more outings. To ensure your satisfaction, please remove all packaging material immediately upon arrival, and inspect for damage prior to signing acceptance form from carrier. Note any damage on carrier's document, and contact Sierra Trading Post with any problems.
Due to the weight and size, a $100.00 shipping charge is automatically applied. Must ship via truck within the 48 contiguous U.S. only. Not eligible for special shipping offers.
Climbing Gear Policy
Climbing and other related activities are inherently dangerous; anyone purchasing or using equipment for this purpose is personally responsible for getting proper instruction on its correct and safe use.
Food Policy
Due to varying international restrictions, Sierra Trading Post cannot ship food i.e. dehydrated, camping, pet foods or treats and packaged food outside of the U.S. Food is restricted to U.S. Shipments only.
Fuel (for lanterns, lighters, stoves, etc.) Policy
Fuel contained within certain products restrict them from being sold online and shipped outside of the 48 contiguous U.S. Shipping restrictions prevent us from selling fuel and/or flammables online. Must ship UPS Ground within the 48 contiguous U.S. only.
Exotic Leather Restrictions Policy
We cannot ship products made of certain materials outside the U.S. Additionally, some states restrict the sale of exotic leathers. Our product webpages state any applicable restrictions on the shipping of that product. Our current restrictions are:
U.S. Shipments Only:
We cannot ship these exotic leathers outside the U.S.: American Alligator, Anteater (Pangolin), Antelope, Caiman, Crocodile, Deer, Elk, Frog, Hippo, Kangaroo, Lizard, Moose, Ostrich, Sea Turtle, Shark, Stingray, Toad
We cannot ship certain materials to California and outside the U.S. including: Elephant, Python, Cobra and Western Rattlesnake
This is version 5 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
