Why we collect your data?
By collecting your data, it allows us to understand what your needs and wants are, provide personalised content and match the most relevant adverts and services for you. It also allows us to provide targeted offers and services you may be interested to hear about.
Who we are?
estreams.tv is an entertainment website based on eSports, that collects broadcasts (streams) of the players in the world and have some games like ePlay (social bet game).                             Our goal is offer an entertainment product to thec ommunity, Streamers or spectators, doesn't matter.
estreams.tv gives the opportunity for users to share on social networks, and enjoy the Gaming world in another level.
Personalised content
The content on our websites and in our email communications may be adjusted depending on what we know about the content, products and services that you like. This means we can highlight content and articles that we believe will be of interest to you. Advertising content may be adjusted depending on personal information. In some instances, this targeted advertising may be created by third parties and the information will be collected and held by these third parties outside the control of News.
We provide personalisation by using cookies, IP addresses, web beacons and URL tracking. A full explanation of how this works and how you can prevent the use of such activities, please see our Cookies, and IP Address section.
Consent
By completing our registration forms with personal information or by the continued use of our services, you are consenting to:
a) our processing your sensitive personal data such as health data for the above purposes; and
b) the transfer and processing of your information in countries outside of the European Economic Area which may not provide the same level of data protection as the UK. If we do make such a transfer or if your personal information will be processed outside of the European Economic Area, we will put a contract in place to ensure your information is protected or where applicable covered by the US "Safe Harbor Program".
Marketing consent
If you are an existing customer we will keep you informed of product developments that relate to these products and services.
When you give us your personal information, we will give you an option to receive additional ongoing marketing communications from us which may include offers and news of alternative products and services.
We do not sell our customer data to other companies to use for their marketing purposes. All of our marketing communications will have a method to unsubscribe. You may also exercise your right to opt out of the use of your information for marketing purposes at any time by contacting us by one of the methods explained at the end of this notice.
Please note: Many products or services include personalised communications as part of their package; users will be given the opportunity to control the receipt wherever possible. In the event that the product or service consists entirely of communication this may take the form of unsubscribing from the specific communication.
If you purchase or redeem an offer with us, we may need to disclose your personal information to our partners, suppliers and subcontractors in order to process your order, fulfil deliveries, complete billing and invoicing transactions and to inform delivery and logistics planning.
We may supply personal data to trusted suppliers for analysis purposes. This will be done under agreement with us and will be in line with this policy.
Disclosure
Your personal information will be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law to do so. If you post or send offensive or objectionable content anywhere on or to any of our websites or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on any of our websites, we can use the information that is available to us about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour.
© 2018 ESTREAMS.TV S.L. | Developed in Mordor
