Please type in your search query in the input field above
Sorry, we had a problem checking search results for you.
Currently, We have problems with our price updates, so the price displayed is not reliable. Please try again later to be sure that the price is correct.
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
IKEA Mastersite Limited is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can see why and how we collect data from you and how it will used by us.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1988 & 2003 and any subsequent amendments, IKEA Web & Digital, Älmhultsgatan 2, 215 86 Malmö, Sweden, Telephone service:+46 (0) 42264985, e-mail: ikea.com@ikea.com.
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact: IKEA Web & Digital, Älmhultsgatan 2, 215 86 Malmö, Sweden, Telephone service:+46 (0) 42264985, e-mail: ikea.com@ikea.com
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
When do we collect your personal information?
We would really like to send you details about our products, services, offers & promotions but we will only do so when you tell us that you are happy to receive this information. You can let us know that you would like to receive this information either in store or online.
We will also use your personal information when you buy products and services from us. This is only so that we can complete your order but we won’t use your personal information for marketing purposes unless you tell us this is ok.
Please remember that you allow us to use your personal information when you use our in store WiFi, website or App.
All of the information you give to us is confidential. We will only use your information in the way we tell you in this policy.
What personal information do you give us?
You may provide us with your:
name, address, date of birth; payment address; delivery address; financial information including your credit, or debit card or other payment information you provide us with; or when corresponding with us by phone or email; your purchase history of IKEA products and services; and any other information you decide to share with us.
What personal information do we give to third parties?
Your privacy is important to us and so we will never sell or disclose your personal information to a third party for purposes other than as described in this policy.
We may give your personal information to our trusted service partners for delivering services to you. For instance, for the purposes of marketing, finance, advertising, processing payment, delivery and other services.
To prevent fraud or other criminal activity and to make sure your information is accurate, we may pass on the information we have about you to other companies, retailers, financial organisations or other organisations specialising in the prevention of fraud and crime. We are sometimes obligated to disclose the information we have about customers to law enforcement agencies where an allegation has been made of suspected criminal activity.
We may also purchase services and data from agencies to verify the contact details and personal information you have provided to us.
We will make sure that your personal information is protected when it is sent outside of the IKEA group. We make sure our trusted service partners keep your personal information safe.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the personal information you give to us in a number of different ways:
Processing orders and delivery
To process your order ensuring that the personal and financial information you provide is accurate. For this, we use payment systems of trusted third parties to ensure that your payment is safe and that your details are not being used fraudulently. We use systems of fraud analysis which ensure that genuine and accurate payment details are being provided to IKEA for any purchase. We may also use credit agencies to perform this task for us.
To ensure that the products and services you buy from us are delivered to the correct address. This involves working with trusted third parties who are based outside of the IKEA Group and sharing with them the personal information you have provided. For example, your name, address for delivery and any delivery preferences you have outlined to us such as the time of day you wish to receive a delivery.
We may store and process the information you provide for a period of time to ensure that any allegation of fraudulent use of identity can be properly investigated in the future.
To manage returns of products or possible claims of faulty products or services, we need to collect and process your personal information. In order to prevent fraud in connection with claims and returns, we may need to request certain personal information from you to handle your request.
To carry out statistical analysis
We use technology to track your mobile or other electronic device. If you have your WiFi capability switched on your mobile or other electronic device whilst you are in the IKEA store or immediately outside the perimeter of the store, we will be able to use this information to identify your phone or other electronic device’s MAC Address. This information is collected and stored securely by us. We use this information on an anonymous basis and will not use it to identify any particular user. We use the information collected to help us generate statistics on our customers’ shopping experience within the IKEA store, for analysis purposes and for future marketing initiatives. This information is also used by us to determine how we can improve our services to you. If you do not want us to track your device or use your information in this way, please turn off the WiFi capability on your phone or other electronic device within your settings.
To carry out marketing activities and optimise the customer browsing experience
We use a number of methods in our marketing when collecting your personal data. For instance:
We may use the information we collect from you to analyse how you shop and what you shop for. This allows us in the future to provide a browsing experience which is relevant to you and ensures that we provide you with marketing materials which are relevant to your needs and tastes;
To show you products and services during your browse time which appear relevant from the information we have about you. This can include using the data you provide for statistical purposes and analysing how we can improve the services, products or website for you;
To allow you to set up a personal profile on our website; So that you can set up an IKEA web account enables you to use our interior planner tools and design your home or office with IKEA furniture and save your plans at our servers. If you choose, you can also use your account to subscribe to e-mail newsletters from us. If your account has been inactive for a longer period of time, we reserve our right to deactivate your account;
So that you can join IKEA FAMILY. IKEA FAMILY is our member club which is open for everyone above the age of 18 years. You may apply for a membership  here  or in our stores. In order to be able to provide you with relevant offers and marketing material, we may process your purchase history connected to your IKEA Family account for up to maximum 5 years from each purchase. If your account has been inactive for a longer period of time, we reserve our right to deactivate your account;
So that you can join IKEA Business. An IKEA Business account is our member club for companies and organisations. You may apply for a membership in our stores. In order to be able to provide you with relevant offers and marketing information, we may process your purchase history connected to your IKEA Business account for up to maximum 5 years from each purchase. If your account has been inactive for a longer period of time, we reserve our right to deactivate your account;
 
WHERE IS YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED?
We keep the personal information we collect about you in secure environments. Your personal information is protected from unauthorised access, disclosure, use, alteration or destruction by any organisation or individuals. Some countries outside of the European Economic Area have laws and policies which do not guarantee the same protections as within the European Economic Area. Where your personal information is transferred outside of the European Economic Area we make sure that your personal information is protected in the same way as if it were here and we take all reasonable necessary steps to ensure that the data is kept private and held securely.
CAN YOU “SHARE” ONLINE?
 
DO WE LINK TO OTHER WEBSITES?
 
NO LONGER WISH TO BE CONTACTED FOR MARKETING PURPOSES?
If you do not wish to be contacted about our products or services, you can unsubscribe by contacting us. Alternatively, if you have a profile on the IKEA website, you can unsubscribe by logging into your account.
NEED TO UPDATE YOUR RECORDS?
 
ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION
 
ANY QUESTIONS
If you have any questions about this policy or the personal information we have about you, please do not hesitate to contact us. IKEA Web & Digital, Älmhultsgatan 2, 215 86 Malmö, Sweden, Telephone service:+46 (0) 42264985, e-mail: ikea.com@ikea.com
