analytics.tepper.cmu.edu is operated by All Campus, LLC (“All Campus” or “Company”).  The website is published and maintained by All Campus.
All Campus and Tepper School of Business - Carnegie Mellon University are committed to protecting your privacy when you use our online services (“Services”).  All Campus recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of Personal Information you may provide All Campus through our website at analytics.tepper.cmu.edu (“Site”).  When you access our Site or otherwise provide All Campus with your Personal Information, you give All Campus your consent to process and use such information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Notice.  Your use of the Site indicates your agreement with the terms of the Privacy Notice and Terms of Use.
This Notice describes the type of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.  This Notice does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including any third party website or people that All Campus does not employ or manage.
Please read this Notice carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it.  If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site.  By accessing or using this Site, you agree that we may collect, use, store and disclose your Personal Information in the manner described in this Privacy Notice set forth below and elsewhere on the Site.  From time to time, we add or change functions, features or products to our Site or add or change services.  Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Notice periodically for updates.
Any questions regarding our Privacy Notice should be directed to All Campus at privacy@allcampus.com .
Children Under the Age of 13
Our Site is not intended for children under the age of thirteen (13).  No one under the age of thirteen (13) may provide any Personal Information to or on the Site.  We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of thirteen (13).  If you are under the age of thirteen (13), do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features, register on the Site, make any service requests through the Site, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Site or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use.  If we learn we have collected or received Personal Information from a child under thirteen (13) without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.  If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under thirteen (13), please contact us at privacy@allcampus.com .
Information We Gather
Information You Give Us
We may collect and retain any information you provide to us when you visit the Site, including when you:
fill out a form or otherwise provide information on the Site;
participate in games, quizzes, contests, chat room, forums or the like;
respond to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research or marketing purposes;
communicate with us, such as to provide feedback, request support, or ask for additional information;
execute search queries on the Site; and
subscribe to content we offer.
You are under no obligation to provide this information, but if you don’t then we may not be able to provide you with certain services or personalize your experience and tailor our Services for you.  The information noted above may include Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you as an individual and may include, without limitation, the following information:  your name, organization name, mailing address, email address, and phone number(s).  If you would like to opt-out from the use of your personal information provided or would like to update your personal information, please email privacy@allcampus.com .
Automatically Collected Information
We may collect information about you and your devices automatically when you visit our Site, including information such as:
your IP address;
the type of browser, device and operating system you use;
identifiers associated with the device you use to access our Site;
the pages you visit and the features you use, including dates and times;
if you navigated from or navigate to another website, the address of that website;
information regarding your internet service provider; and
information regarding the effectiveness of our email and other communications with you.
In addition, we may collect information about your activities on our Site through the use of cookies, or web beacons, or through other identifiers or technologies, including similar technologies as they may evolve over time.  We refer to these technologies collectively as “Data Technologies.”
We may allow third parties to use Data Technologies on our Site.  The information collected by Data Technologies may be shared with and used by us, by others acting on our behalf, or by third parties subject to their own privacy policies.  Information collected by Data Technologies may be used on this Site or on other websites or services, including those that may not be operated by us.
Information from Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from third parties.  This information may include information about your use of this Site or our services, your use of other websites, your interests and preferences and other information about you or your business.  We may combine the information we obtain from third parties with information that we have collected about you.
How We Use Information We Gather
We and others acting on our behalf may use the information that we gather to operate our business, including our Site, as described below:
Operate and Support our Site and Services
We use the information that we gather in order to operate our Site and our services.  For example, we may use the information that we collect or receive:
To present our Site and its contents to you;
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;
To provide you with notices about your account;
To evaluate, update and/or improve the Site and our services;
To collect usage data for statistical purposes to monitor and analyze the use of the Site and to improve the Site’s functionality;
For security purposes;
To diagnose problems with the server or to administer the Site;
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Site; and
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
Advertising and Promotions
We may use the information we gather to offer, provide, or personalize products and services from us.  We also may use the information we have collected from you to enable us to display advertisements to our advertisers’ target audiences.
Non-Personal Information
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the site from which you linked to our Site.  You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing an effective service on our Site.  We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link to our Site with information relating to the number of users linking to our Site from their sites.  You cannot be identified from this information.
Other Information
Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.  All Campus may use your IP address to help protect ourselves and our partners from fraud.  For system administration purposes, All Campus also logs IP server addresses and catalogues traffic patterns through the Site.  However, All Campus does not link this information to users’ Personal Information.
Consent
We may use the information we gather for other purposes where we have individual consent.
How We May Share Information
We share information to support the purposes for which we may use information as described or permitted by the Notice.  All Campus may:
share your Personal Information to those third parties who will be responsible for providing the Services requested or to those third party service providers who help us operate our Site.  However, we will not share, sell or rent your Personal Information to third parties outside of our service providers.
share Personal Information with our affiliates and contracted business partners that are directly involved in the sale, distribution, transmission, operation, maintenance, analysis, and support of the Site on our behalf.  If these contracted business partners do access any Personal Information it is only so that they may perform their duties on our behalf and All Campus will require those affiliates and business partners to maintain and keep confidential such Personal Information in accordance with this Notice.
share your Personal Information to those third parties who are not affiliated with us, with your consent, who are interested in marketing their products or services to you or in asking you questions, both online and offline.  We will seek to obtain your consent either by an “opt-in” or “opt-out” method, or by means (such as sending you an email).  Companies with whom we might share your personal information may include consumer products, telecom, financial, military, market research, entertainment, and educational services companies and their third party service providers.  If you want us to stop sharing your personal information with these companies, please email privacy@allcampus.com .  If you consent to receiving communications from non-affiliated companies, you may need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications or if you wish to change any data you provide online.  In this instance, any changes or amendments to your personal information must be given directly to each company who communicates with you as these changes, amendments and/or deletions will not be exchanged between us and non-affiliated companies.  If we do share personal information with a non-affiliated company, to the extent practical, we require that they protect such information in a manner that is consistent with this policy.  We cannot, however, guarantee how these non-affiliated companies will use your personal information.
access and/or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:  (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on All Campus or the Site; (b) protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of All Campus, including the Site; or (c) if it believes that such action is necessary to protect and defend the rights, property or personal safety of All Campus visitors to the Site and customers of our Services.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of All Campus who are California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  To make such a request, please send an e-mail to privacy@allcampus.com , and include “California Privacy Request” in the subject line.  Please note that All Campus is only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and All Campus is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.
Most browsers are programed to accept cookies or other similar technology to collect Non-Personal Information.  You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, providing you the opportunity to accept or decline it.  Declining a cookie, or similar technology, may affect your ability to use certain features on our website.  You may stop accepting cookies from a particular website, or by changing your browser’s settings, which are usually found in the ‘options’ or ‘preferences’ menu.  You may also visit AboutCookies.org for instructions, by browser type, regarding how to control cookies settings within your browser.
As of the Effective Date listed below, there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers.  Therefore, we do not respond to Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers or to other mechanisms that provide the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information regarding your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services.
Data Retention and Security
All Campus retains information you provide, including without limitation Personal Information, for as long as necessary to:  (a) permit All Campus to use it for purposes described in this Notice, and (b) comply with applicable laws or regulations.
All Campus uses physical, logical, and procedural security measures to protect the information you provide to All Campus.  The safety and security of your information also depends on you.  Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
While All Campus uses commercially reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information you provide to us from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, unfortunately, no Internet data transmission can be guaranteed to be secure from access by unintended recipients.  We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.  If you have any questions about security on our Site, please direct all questions to privacy@allcampus.com .
Links
The Site may contain links to other websites that are operated or owned by third parties.  Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are navigating to another website.  All Campus does not monitor the privacy practices or, or exercise authority over, those third parties.  All Campus encourages you to read the privacy policies of these linked websites as their privacy policies may differ from ours.  All Campus is not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites; if you access a third party website from our Site, you do so at your own risk.
Discussions and Community Tools
All Campus may, from time to time, make review lists, chat rooms, forums, message boards, blogs, newsgroups and other community tools available to you.  Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas become public information for other users to view and for us to use.  Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas, since anyone – not just All Campus – may access your publicly posted information.
Transfer of Business Assets
The personal information you provide is considered a company asset and may be included among transferred assets if the Site, Company or any and all subsidiaries or affiliates or any of All Campus assets are ever acquired by a third party.
Jurisdictional Issues
This website is controlled and operated by All Campus from the State of Illinois, in the United States, and operation of this website is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any other states, country or territory.  Your use of our website will indicate your acceptance and consent to the terms in this Notice.
Receipt of Communications; Opt-Out
If you would prefer not to receive marketing or promotional emails from us that may relate to services or offerings, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by emailing privacy@allcampus.com to:  (i) deregister your account; or (ii) change or edit your preferences.  You may also use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving marketing or promotional postal main from us, please email privacy@allcampus.com or let us know in writing via letter sent to the address at the end of this notice.  For all postal mail opt-out requests, please include your name, street address, city, state and zip code.  We cannot accept postal mail opt-out requests via telephone or facsimile, nor will we be responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or lack complete information.  Please note that we may require up to sixty (60) days to fully remove your postal mail information from our mailings.
Following your opt-out, please be aware that we, or our affiliates, may continue to contact you via email or postal mail for administrative or informational purposes, including, but not limited to, follow-up messages regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have affirmatively enrolled in or registered to use, any promotions or sweepstakes you have participated in or have entered, goods, services or products you have ordered or other transactions you have undertaken on the Site.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, complaints or feedback about this Notice, the practices of the Site or the information you have submitted to the Site, you can contact All Campus at:
c/o All Campus
Chicago, IL 60606
