Privacy and Data
Privacy and Data
 
 
 
 
 
We may also collect Machine Data from equipment. Machine Data is data generated by, collected by, or stored in your equipment or any hardware or device interfacing with your equipment.
Uses and Disclosures
 
We do not generally share Personal Information and Machine Data with other companies for their own use. We may, however, share Personal Information and Machine Data with our affiliates, suppliers, dealerships, and business partners, who may use the information and data for the Purposes above and detailed in the "Enterprise Privacy Statement" tab. We may also provide Personal Information and Machine Data to companies who are performing services for us. Additionally, we may disclose Personal Information and Machine Data where required by law or in connection with the sale of part or all of our business.
Your Choices
You can limit the information you provide to us. Additionally, you can limit the communications that we send to you by contacting us using the contact information below or in the "Contact Information" tab.
Other Information
 
 
For additional information on our privacy practices, please see the "Enterprise Privacy Statement" tab or contact us.
How to Contact Us
Deere & Company
Canada
For John Deere Canada ULC and all affiliates other than John Deere Financial:
Chief Privacy Officer
Enterprise Privacy Statement
 
 
 
 
Contact Information that allows us to identify and to communicate with you, such as your name, phone number, username, mailing address, email address, and language preference.
Relationship Information that helps us understand who you are and what you want in order to offer you products and services that may interest you, such as property, farm or business information, your general location, and other demographic information.
Transaction Information about how you interact with us, our dealers and business partners, including purchases, inquiries, and customer accounts.
 
Machine Data is data generated by, collected by, or stored in your equipment or any hardware or device interfacing with your equipment. Machine data includes the location of your equipment, the number of engine hours of your equipment, data regarding equipment operation (such as quantity of fuel used), and equipment diagnostic data.
2. How John Deere Collects Information & Data
Directly From You:
 
From Our Controlled Affiliates, Dealers, and Other Business Partners:
 
From Our Website:
 
From Your Equipment:
If your equipment settings allow it, we collect Machine Data from your equipment or devices via the JDLink™ Telematics Service, Service ADVISOR™, or other similar services. We may also receive location data from your smartphone or other geo-aware device. We treat this information as Personal Information if it is associated with your Contact Information.
3. How John Deere Uses Information & Data (the "Purposes")
 
Customer Service: to fulfill orders for products or services, and for other services related to your order, such as product delivery, maintenance, warranty service, financing, leasing, and credit services;
Product and Customer Support: to provide support, including monitoring and managing the health of your machines, to deliver upgrades and product improvement program communications, and for diagnostics and repairs, product safety and recalls;
Marketing: to provide you with communications and offers for products and services from John Deere or our dealers, suppliers and partners, including offers based on your interests, personal and business characteristics and location;
Surveys & Promotional Events: to administer surveys, polls, sweepstakes, contests, loyalty programs and other promotional events;
Eligibility: to determine if you are eligible for certain products, services or offers;
Communications: to provide you with information that may be of interest, such as John Deere news, company magazines (such as The Furrow and Homestead), catalogs, announcements, reminders, and technical service bulletins; and
Manage Our Everyday Business Needs: such as payment processing and financial account management, product development, product safety, contract management, website administration, web-forum management, order or contract fulfillment, analytics, fraud prevention, corporate governance, reporting and legal compliance.
4. Why Information & Data are Disclosed by John Deere
 
We may share Personal Information and Machine Data with our affiliated companies, suppliers, authorized John Deere dealers and distributors, and business partners, which may use it for the Purposes listed above.
We may also share Personal Information and Machine Data with our service providers to fulfill the Purposes on our behalf. Our service providers are bound by law or contract to protect the information and data, and to only use it in accordance with our instructions.
 
Please note that we may also disclose information and data about you that is not personally identifiable. For example, we may publish reports that contain aggregated and statistical data about our customers and equipment. These reports do not contain information that would enable the recipient to contact, locate or identify you.
5. Cookies and Similar Collection Technologies
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
John Deere has relationships with third party advertising companies to perform tracking and reporting functions for our web processing. These third party advertising companies may place cookies on your computer so that they can display targeted advertisements to you. These third party advertising companies should not collect Personal Information in this process, and we do not give Personal Information to them as part of this process.
6. Tell-A-Friend Functions
John Deere offers "tell-a-friend" functionality on our websites. If you choose to use this function, we will automatically send your friend a one-time email with the information you specified and invite him or her to visit the website. John Deere uses this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and does not retain the information.
7. Your Choices
 
 
 
 
 
If you have any questions about your choices or if you need any assistance with opting-out, please contact us via email to PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com . You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and information about the communications that you do not want to receive.
8. Access and Correction
John Deere complies with applicable law regarding your ability to access, correct and delete your Personal Information. If you have an online account, you may be able to log into your account to access and update certain information you provided to us.  If you need assistance updating or deleting your Personal Information, please contact us via email to PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com . You can also write us at the address in the How to Contact Us section below. If you send us a letter, please provide your name, address, email address, and detailed information about the change you would like to make.
9. Information & Data Security
John Deere has implemented an information and data security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard Personal Information and Machine Data. For example, we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure your Financial Account Information and other sensitive Personal Information when it is being collected and transmitted over the Internet.
10. Transfer of Information & Data to Other Countries
Deere & Company is headquartered in the United States of America and its controlled affiliates are located in various countries throughout the world. Personal Information and Machine Data may be accessed by or transferred to the United States or to our controlled affiliates and data processors elsewhere in the world for the Purposes described in this Privacy Statement. When we access or transfer Personal Information and Machine Data, we do so in compliance with applicable law. Additionally, we protect the privacy and security of Personal Information and Machine Data, regardless of where it is processed or stored.
11. Privacy Policies of Third Parties
This Privacy Statement only addresses the use and disclosure of information and data by John Deere. Other websites that may be accessible through this website have their own privacy policies and practices. Our independent dealers, suppliers and business partners have their own privacy policies and practices too. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy statements provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion.
12. Children's Privacy
The John Deere website and applications are not intended to collect Personal Information from children. If you believe your child is using our website, please contact us at PrivacyManager@JohnDeere.com so we can investigate and delete any inappropriate information.
13. Forums, Product Reviews and Other Public Areas
 
14. Job Applicants
 
15. Changes to this Privacy Statement
 
16. How to Contact Us
 
Deere & Company
 
 
and all affiliates other than John Deere Financial:
Chief Privacy Officer
Colonia La Leona, Código Postal 66210
San Pedro Garza García, Nuevo León MEXICO
 
Deere & Company
      E-Marketing Department,
 
     Datenschutzbeauftragter
     Fax:  +49 621 829-45-8300
Deere  & Company
      Deere & Company European Office
       Deere  & Company
Ph: 1-800-857-057
166-170 Magnesium Drive
Free call: 1800 800 981 / Phone: +61 7 3802 3222
New Zealand:
﻿﻿
Connect with Us on
