× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Mylifetime.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Mylifetime.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.aenetworks.com/privacy . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy or unless legally required to do so, A+E will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to any outside company or organization.  This Privacy Policy excludes data that may be stored or transmitted to or from the service provider hosting the Websites.
In addition to those uses set forth in Section 3 above, A+E may hire companies to help provide products or services, like a shipping company that may deliver packages, a financial partner that assists in the completion of transactions you request or any other third party that is needed to assist in the completion of transactions you request.  In those instances, there is a need to share your information with these third parties.  A+E may also work with other companies who help either to gather your information or to communicate with you.  Your opt-out of receiving information from us and/or third parties will not apply to sharing by A+E of your Personal Information with any of these third parties.  Nonetheless, except as separately permitted by other provisions of this Privacy Policy, these third parties are allowed to gather, receive and use your information only for the purposes described herein or as required by law.
A+E may make bulletin boards, chat rooms, job listing areas, message boards, news groups and other community services available to you on the Websites.  Please understand that any information that is disclosed by you in these areas becomes public information.  When you disclose such information in a bulletin board, message board, chat room, blog or any other public forum, you do so at your own risk.  A+E has no control over its use and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information or any other information about yourself.  The information presented in these areas reflects the views of the individual users or hosts and does not necessarily reflect the views of A+E or any of its affiliates.  A+E reserves the right (but has no obligation) to monitor the use of bulletin boards, message boards, chat rooms, blogs or other public forums on the Websites.
A+E may also disclose your Personal Information if: (a) your information is subject to disclosure in response to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders served on A+E; (b) your information is subject to disclosure to protect A+E’s rights or property, to enforce the provisions of this Privacy Policy and/or A+E’s Terms of Use and/or to prevent harm to yourself or to another; or (c) your information is subject to disclosure or transfer if A+E or its business is sold or offered for sale to another entity or individual(s), a petition for relief is filed under U.S. Bankruptcy laws for or against A+E or if A+E becomes subject to an order of appointment of a trustee or receiver.  A+E reserves the right to release and/or use all information contained within our databases, access logs or other records concerning you if you violate this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use or other rules, policies, notices, agreements or guidelines, or if you intentionally or unintentionally partake (or are reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, including but not limited to hacking, even without a subpoena, warrant or other court order, and to release such information in response to court and governmental orders, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and as otherwise required by law and/or to initiate our own legal proceedings.  A+E cooperates with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using the Websites (or any part thereof) for illegal activities.  A+E also reserves the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement individuals or to entities for investigation or prosecution.
A+E may purchase a business or sell one or more of our businesses and your Personal Information may be transferred as a part of the purchase or sale.  In the event that we purchase a business, the Personal Information received with that business would be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, if it is practicable and permissible to do so.  In the event that we sell a business, we will attempt to include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your Personal Information in the same manner required by this Privacy Policy.  Thus, any of your opt-out requests will not affect our right to transfer your information to a purchaser in these circumstances.  A+E also reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to a third party in the event of a transfer of all or substantially all of A+E’s assets to a third party, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 
 
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
