Recently searched
The Weather Channel for Apple TV App Privacy Policy
Thank you for using our services. This privacy policy is effective as of May 25 2018. The previous version of this Statement is available here .
TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM business, (sometimes "we" or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy is important, and we encourage you to carefully read it.
This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use, and share information that we gather related to our services, or that reference or link to this Privacy Policy including the provision of content to you through The Weather Channel for Apple TV app (together, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy also describes the choices you have regarding our use of and your ability to access, correct, or delete the information. Subject to applicable law, by using the Services, you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the data collection, use, and sharing described herein. Where necessary under applicable law, we may seek your consent by other means such as by asking you to click on a button or to change a setting. Where we do so, we will also offer you a way to revoke your consent.
How and Why We Collect and Use Personal Data and Other Information
In order to operate the Services and to maximise your experience of the Services, we may collect and use information, some of which may be considered personal data in your country. Please note that you may choose not to provide us with certain information; by doing so, however, you may not be able to receive the full range of Services from us. We collect information in the following ways:
Information Provided By You. You may choose to provide us with information, some of which may be personal data, when you interact with the Services. You may do this by sending us an e-mail message or completing an inquiry form to receive additional information, or by submitting a comment or leaving feedback.
Automatic Collection. We also collect certain information through automated means. Some of the information we collect through automated means may, whether alone or combined with other data, be personal data. For example, we automatically collect:
Information about your device, your device identifier and device capabilities
Information about your device operating system
Information about how you use the Services
Your activities on the Services
IP address
This information helps us to understand, analyse, and measure how users use the Services; manage Services' operations; recognise repeat visitors; and facilitate your access to and use of the Services.
Location Information. We, our service providers, and our Analytics Partners (see Section 2 for more information) may collect location information through the Services. Your location is initially based on your IP address, but you can reset it to any desired location. We may share the location information we collect with third parties as addressed in Section 3.
We collect location information to provide you location-based services (such as severe weather alerts and other weather information), and conduct analytics to improve the Services. The ways in which we collect location information, and the type of location information we collect, depend on the settings for your device.
If you are accessing the Services through the Site, we may detect your general location so that we can automatically show you the weather for your general area. Depending on your hardware and software configuration, your App may inform you that the App would like to collect your specific location and request your permission to do so. If you do not allow it, or your device does not permit it, only your general location information is then collected. Even if we are unable to collect direct location information on your device, you may manually enter a location (such as city, postal code, and country).
Processing Basis. Our processing of your personal data in order to provide you with the Services will typically be based on one of the following processing bases: (i) because you have provided us with your specific, informed, freely-given, and unambiguous consent, (ii) because we need to process it in order to provide you with the Services or a particular feature of the Services; that is, because we cannot readily fulfill your request without performing the relevant processing, or (iii) because the processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued either by us or by a third party and such legitimate interests are not overridden by your privacy and related rights as an individual. Our legitimate interests include the provision of market-leading weather-related products and services, including the Services.
Data Collection Technologies and Consumer Choice
We also contract with certain third parties that use data collection technologies to track, analyse, and report data about the use of the Services and to analyse and optimise the performance of the Services ("Analytics Partners").
Information that we collect via the data collection technologies described in this section may be linked to other information about you such as location and may be personal data. We use the technologies described in this section, alone or in combination, to understand user behaviour, help diagnose problems, recognise repeat visitors, and facilitate your access to and use of the Services.
Use of Web Beacons and Other Technologies
The data collection technologies we and third parties use through use of our Services include but are not limited to web beacons. Web beacons allow third parties to obtain information, such as the IP address of your device at the time data is collected, the screen on which the web beacon appears, the time the screen containing the web beacon was viewed, and the information sent by the third party.
How We Share or Disclose Your Information with Partners
We may prepare and maintain information collected from the Services in a format that does not identify you or other individuals, and we may use or share such information. Although not individual-level data, aggregated data is not guaranteed to be anonymised. We may also share any information collected from the Services in the following ways:
Third-Party Service Providers. When your personal data is collected on the Services, it may be shared with selected third parties who assist us with our business operations, with the provision of the Services, or in delivering you the features and functionality that you have requested ("Third-Party Service Providers"). These Third-Party Service Providers include, without limitation, companies that support customer service and assist with audience research and product development. Third-Party Service Providers are authorised to use the personal data that we provide to them only to carry out the service they are providing for us. All such Third-Party Service Providers are contractually bound by us to keep the personal data confidential.
Purchase or Sale of Businesses We continually look for ways to improve our business, including purchasing a business or selling all or part of our business. If we buy, merge, reorganise, or sell any business or assets, personal data and non-personal data will likely be disclosed or transferred as part of the transaction. If, in connection with a purchase, sale, merger or reorganisation your personal data will be processed in a materially different way, our practice is to notify users.
Aggregated Information. As part of the Services, we will prepare and maintain information collected from the Services that is aggregated or otherwise altered so that it does not directly identify you and cannot reasonably be linked to you. We use and share such information for our business purposes.
Other Limitations on Privacy
Subject to applicable local law, we, our affiliates, or our Third-Party Service Providers may disclose your personal data without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders or otherwise to comply with law; (ii) where we believe an individual's rights, property, or safety or security is at risk; (iii) if we find that your actions violate our Terms of Use or any of our other legal rights; or (iv) where otherwise required or permitted by applicable law (which may include a lawful access request by U.S. or foreign courts, governments, or law enforcement agencies).
Retention Period
We will retain your information for as long as needed to provide and develop the Services in accordance with Section 1.D. above. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We may retain information that no longer identifies you indefinitely.
Data Rights
You can request to access, obtain a portable copy of, correct, or delete data related to your stored preferences and your use of the Services. Please find instructions on how to initiate the request process here .
In the event that you consider our processing of data related your use of the Services not to be compliant with the applicable data protection laws, you can contact us at appletv@weather.com or lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
Minors' Privacy and Submissions
We are committed to protecting the safety and privacy of young people using the Internet. We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 13. We believe that children should get their parents' or guardians' consent before giving out any personal data. If you become aware that we have collected personal data from a child without parental consent, please notify us promptly at appletv@weather.com . If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personal data without parental consent, we will take steps to remove such personal data.
International Transfer
The Services are hosted on servers inside and outside the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the data protection and privacy laws may not offer the same level of protection as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen. Subject to applicable law, by using our Services and providing information to use, you consent to the transfer to and processing of information in the United States and other jurisdictions. Where necessary under applicable law, we may employ appropriate cross-border transfer methods governing personal data.
Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures intended to protect your data. Of course, we cannot guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted or that your personal data will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties. Any transmission of information is at your own risk.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect.
How to Contact Us
If you have a question related to this Privacy Statement, please contact us at appletv@weather.com or at:
The Weather Company, an IBM business
Attn: Privacy Office
Brookhaven, GA, USA 30319
General Data Protection Regulation
Please note that for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 ("GDPR"), the data controller is TWC Product and Technology, LLC, doing business as The Weather Company, an IBM business, which may be contacted at the e-mail or address above.
The data controller's legal representative is IBM United Kingdom Limited, PO Box 41, North Harbour, Portsmouth, Hampshire, United Kingdom PO6 3AU and the relevant Data Protection Officer may be contacted at privacy@weather.com . Please be aware that where GDPR applies you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority. The name and contact details of the Data Protection Authorities in the European Union can be found at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm .
European Union Minors' Privacy: Where GDPR applies, we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under age 16 (or such lower age permitted under applicable local law not being lower than age 13).
International Transfer: If you are located where GDPR applies, information that we collect (including through cookies) will be processed and stored in the United States. The appropriate cross-border transfer method governing personal data included in such transfers is the EU Standard Contractual Clauses agreement pursuant to EC Decision 2010/87/EU.
EFFECTIVE AS OF September 21, 2015
The Weather Channel is strongly committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy discloses how we collect, use and share information we gather about you on the Services and the choices you have. "Services" include the provision of content to you through The Weather Channel Application on AppleTV and information we receive from or about you.
Information Collected by Us In order to maximize your experience and to provide the Services to you, The Weather Channel may collect certain information such as:
Specific geographic location: initial location is based on your IP address, but you can reset it to any location
Specific geographic locations you enter into the Service
Make a purchase from our online store
Information about your device, your device identifier and device capabilities
Information about how you use the Services
Your activities on the Services
How We Use and Share Your Information Except as described below, The Weather Channel does not rent, sell or share personally identifiable in-formation about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies:
The Weather Channel and its Affiliates We use information collected on the Services, and disclose information to third parties, including your physical geographic location:
to help fulfill your requests
to help operate, update and improve the Services
to serve you a location based advertisement
to service your account
to compile statistics about our users and the Service
Our Third-Party Service Providers Our third parties are authorized to use your information only to carry out the service they are providing to us. All third parties are required to keep any personally identifiable information confidential.
Other Organizations The privacy policies of other organizations may differ from ours. The Weather Channel does not control these third parties or their products and services. We recommend that you review their privacy notices and terms of use so you understand how they may collect, use, and disclose your information. Apple’s privacy policy can be found at www.apple.com/legal/privacy or under the General settings on AppleTV.
Purchase or Sale of Businesses The Weather Channel continually looks for ways to improve our business. If we buy or sell a business, your information will likely be transferred as part of the sale. If we buy a business, we will honor the requests of that business' former customers regarding their personally identifiable information.
Other Limitations on Privacy We may provide personally identifiable information without your permission (i) pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders or otherwise to comply with law; (ii) where we believe the rights, property or an individual's safety or security is at risk; (iii) if we find that your actions violate our Terms of Use; or (iv) where otherwise required or allowed by law.
Data Retention of Account Information You may ask us to delete your information by contacting us at feedback@weather.com. Subject to appplicable law, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13 and believe that children should get their parents' or guardians' consent before giving out any personally identifiable information.
Security Although we use standard industry practices to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee that your communications with the Services will never be unlawfully intercepted or that your personally identifiable information will never be unlawfully accessed by third parties.
Changes to the Privacy Policy The Weather Channel reserves the right to alter this Privacy Policy as business needs require. If we de-cide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here prior to the time they take effect.
The Weather Channel, LLC
