papercraft
technique
Effective: May 25, 2018
Thank you for using CreativeLive. This Privacy Policy describes the kind of information we may collect from you through the Service, and how we may use that information. References to “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to CreativeLive, Inc. Capitalized terms used but not defined in this Privacy Policy are as defined in our Terms of Use ).
COLLECTING AND USING INFORMATION
Account Creation. We collect information you provide to us when you create or update your account, including your name, and email address. We may use this information to contact you regarding the Service, and otherwise as described in this Privacy Policy. Any personally identifiable information which you include in your publicly-available user profile or submit to publicly-accessible portions of the Service will be visible to the public (or portions of the public).
Let's get real:
If you want to share something about your CL experience on FB through us, you give us permission to do that.
Login and Browsing. In addition to any information you provide us, we may also collect anonymous information about your use of the site. Such information may include without limitation, IP address, ISP, location, cookie data, content viewed, including access dates and length of time viewed, referral pages and certain software, hardware and device information. We may use this information to customize your experience, including offering you products or services.
Cookies and Similar Technologies. We may use “cookies” on the Service (or similar technologies such as web beacons). The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to restrict cookies or disable them altogether. However, restricting or disabling cookies may prevent you from using some of the features of the Service. We may allow advertisements to be displayed on the Service, in which case the advertisements and the third parties responsible for the advertisements may also use such cookies and similar technologies. This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by such advertisers or any other third party and any information requests regarding the disclosure of your personal information to us should be directed to those third parties.
Social Sharing Functions.
We offer you the ability to share your activities on the Service with your friends and other third parties via third-party websites and services (e.g. Facebook). If you choose to share information about your activities in this manner, you are permitting us to share such information with these third parties.
We collect the information you upload or include in your user profile. This information is publicly visible to other users of the Services and may include your username, profile image, biographical information, links to your personal website(s), images you upload to the Service, as well as your comments, posts, and reviews in our forum, blog, Course review and any other social pages on the Service.
If you login to the Service using a third party Authentication Service (e.g. Facebook Connect), or use an image from your Facebook, Twitter or other social media website account as your profile picture on the Service, you give us permission to access your account information on those websites. To control the settings on the information you share with us through these services, please refer to the applicable third party Authentication Service.
If you do not want your personal information to be visible to other users of the Service, do not upload that information to your user profile or other public portions of the Service such as Galleries.
Let's get real:
We’ll get social from time to time. You have choices. You can modify your account information and opt-out of emails or communications. We won’t take it personally.
Our Use of Information. We may use the information we collect on or through the Service to provide and improve the Service, to customize and improve your experience with the Service, and collect any applicable fees related to the Service. We may combine or aggregate your personally identifiable information with that of other users, and we may use, analyze such aggregated data to improve our products and offerings, and we may disclose such aggregated data with our affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. We may also send you news, updates and other information you may find useful, unless you specify in your account that you do not want to receive these notices.
If you use the Service to send any personally identifiable information to a third party (such as another user of the Service), then we may send such information to such third party through the Service as directed.
Advertising Communications. We also offer you the ability to receive commercial communications relating to the Service, in which case we may use your account information to provide such communications. You may opt-out by changing the settings in your account.
Where permissible by law, we may use certain limited personal information about you, such as your email address, hash it, and share it with social media platforms (e.g. Facebook), to drive traffic to our website or otherwise promote the Service. These processing activities are based on our legitimate interest in marketing activities related to our Service that may be of interest to you. The social media platforms with which we may share your personal data are not controlled or supervised by CreativeLive, and therefore, any questions regarding how your personal data is processed by them should be directed to the applicable provider.
If you no longer wish to receive email advertisements, you may opt-out at any time by: (i) clicking the opt-out/unsubscribe option contained in each commercial email; (ii) going to your account information and changing your communication preference settings; or (iii) emailing at us at support@creativelive.com . Please note that it may take up to 48 hours for the system to fully update your preferences. Opting out of these communications will not impact emails or other communications we send you regarding your use of the Service (orders, policies, updates, etc.).
Let’s get real:
Anything you put on your public profile will be public. We may use information that you give us to customize our communication with you and your experience on the site. If you login through a Facebook account, we can access that info, too.
Third Party Information Sharing. From time to time, we may share certain information we collect with trusted companies who work with or on behalf of us. We may also combine your information with information that is publicly available and/or available to us through our partner network. Your information may be used to enhance and personalize your shopping experience and for other promotional purposes.
Compliance with Law Disclosure. We may, disclose your information when we believe disclosure is appropriate for any of the following purposes: to comply with the law or a request by law enforcement officials or judicial authorities; to enforce or apply our Terms or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our customers or others.
Successors in Interest. In the event that all or part of our business may be acquired by a third party, we may sell, transfer or share some or all of our assets including your information in connection with that transaction.
User-Generated Feedback. We value hearing from our users and are always interested in learning about ways we can make CreativeLive better than ever. Any feedback, comments, reviews, ideas or suggestions (“Feedback”) you share with CreativeLive regarding CreativeLive's Site, Courses, or Services is entirely voluntary. Any such Feedback will be the sole and exclusive property of CreativeLive and you hereby irrevocably assign to us all of your right, title and interest in and to all Feedback. CreativeLive will be free to use such Feedback as we see fit and without any obligation to you.
Let’s get real:
We love when you share the love, so we may use your feedback to improve our services and for marketing purposes.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK NOTICE
You may disable the usage of cookies through your browser settings however this will affect your ability to use Services depending on how you have modified your cookie settings. Please note that CreativeLive does not respond to a “Do Not Track” signal from your browser or mobile application due to lack of standardization regarding how that signal is to be interpreted.
YOUR RIGHTS TO YOUR INFORMATION
Managing Your Information. You may access and update some of your information through your Account settings. If you have chosen to connect your CreativeLive Account to a third-party application, (e.g. Facebook), you may modify permissions by changing your Account settings in the app.
Portability. Some jurisdictions may entitle you to obtain a copy of your personal information kept by us. You may also be entitled to request from us a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format.
Data Retention and Deletion. Except for under specific circumstances, we retain your personal information for only as long as it is necessary for you and us to perform our respective obligations and comply with our legal obligations. If you no longer want us to provide CreativeLive services to you, you may request that we delete your personal information and close your CreativeLive Account. If you request the deletion of your personal information: (a) your information will be deleted from our databases; (b) we may retain some of your personal information as necessary to improve safety and legal compliance such as fraud detection and prevention and enhancing safety. For example, if we suspend a CreativeLive Account for fraud or safety reasons, we may retain certain information from that CreativeLive Account to prevent that Member from opening a new CreativeLive Account in the future; (c) we may retain and use your personal information to the extent necessary to comply with the law. For example, CreativeLive may keep some of your information for tax, legal and auditing obligations; (d) information you have shared with others (e.g., comments made during the class or on the class page) may continue to be publicly visible on CreativeLive, even after your CreativeLive Account is removed.
Withdrawing Consent to Data Processing. Where you have provided your consent to the processing of your personal information by CreativeLive you may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your Account settings or by emailing CreativeLive specifically identifying the consent being withdrawn.
LINKS
The Service may contain links to third party websites that collect and use information in accordance with their own privacy policies, which you should read. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy practices or content of these third parties.
CHILDREN
No one under 18 years of age is authorized to use the Service, and we do not intentionally collect information from anyone under the age of 18. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to Company through the Services, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Let’s get real:
YOUR PREFERENCES
Modifying Your Information. You can modify your account information at any time by logging into your account, clicking on “My Account”, and then the “Edit Contact Information” link. In addition, you may modify any personal information in your user profile at any time. We may keep a copy of the prior version of this information for our records. If you have questions about how to modify or remove your account information, please email support@creativelive.com .
Security. Protecting our users’ information is very important to us. While we take reasonable security measures with regard to the personally identifiable information under our control, no security measures or internet transmissions are 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of any user’s information.
Let’s get real:
We work very hard to protect your personal information, but we cannot guarantee 100% protection.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS
The Service is provided and operated solely from the United States of America. If you submit any personal information to the Service from outside the United States, you hereby consent to the transfer of such information to (and the processing of such information in) the United States, and the exclusive application of the laws of the State of Washington, United States, with regard to the collection and use of such information.
CHANGES
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the modified Privacy Policy on the Service. The modifications will be effective upon such posting (unless a later date is specified in the posting, in which case that date shall be deemed the effective date of the modifications). You agree to review this Privacy Policy periodically so that you are aware of any modifications. Your continued use of the Service after such modifications constitutes your acknowledgment of, and agreement to be bound by, the amended Privacy Policy. Please review the Privacy Policy prior to submitting personal information on or through the Service.
Let’s get real:
This information can change and any changes will be posted here. Keep up to date with the changes as you are legally bound by this policy.
EXCLUSIONS
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information received by us other than information we receive from you through your interactions with the Service. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to us through the Services or through any other means (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and we shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
CONTACT
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
CreativeLive, Inc.
San Francisco, CA 94107
