Browse the ARFCOM Network
NOTICE: SHIPPING DEPARTMENT WILL BE CLOSED FROM AUG 31ST UNTIL SEP 14th. ALL ORDERS WILL SHIP AT THAT TIME!
The AR15.COM Online Store is owned and operated by AR15.COM, LLC located at:
3021 Ridge Rd - Suite A-72
Rockwall, TX
75032
We can be reached via e-mail at sales@ar15.com or you may use the quick contact form on our Help page.
Information Collected
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce       compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads and store a unique user id to maintain session information for your improved site experience.
Store Specific
If you supply us with your postal address online you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers online will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders that they have placed online.
Advertising Companies
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our       site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of the advertiser.       (URL Will Be Posted If 3rd Party Advertising is used.)
Future Uses
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact       you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
Security
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
User Protection
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresse or use our quick contact form on our Help page.
Newsletter
Subscribe now and receive news, product information, and promotions from your favorite industry partners. A number of great prizes are also given away during the year!
