Privacy Policy Effective Date: November 14, 2013
Kentucky Kingdom and Hurricane Bay values the privacy of visitors to its website. This privacy policy summarizes what information we might collect from a registered user or other visitor (“you”), and what we will and will not do with it.
Please note that this privacy policy does not govern the collection and use of information by companies Kentucky Kingdom, LLLP does not control, nor by individuals not employed or managed by Kentucky Kingdom, LLLP. If you visit a website that we mention or link to, be sure to review its privacy policy before providing the site with information.
What we do with your personally identifiable information It is always up to you whether to disclose personally identifiable information to us, although if you elect not to do so, we reserve the right not to register you as a user or provide you with a season pass. “Personally identifiable information” means information that can be used to identify you as an individual, for example:
• Your name, company, email address, phone number, billing address, and photo. • Any account-preference information you provide us • Your computer’s domain name and IP address, indicating where your computer is located on the Internet.
If you do voluntarily provide personally identifiable information to us, either directly or through a business partner, we will:
• Not sell or rent it to a third party without your permission - although unless you opt out we may use your contact information to provide you with information we believe you need to know and may find useful, such as in-park discounts or special event information. • Not use or disclose the information except: - As necessary to provide services or products to you, such as entry to Kentucky Kingdom with a valid season pass and discounts in the park. - In other ways described in this privacy policy or to which you have otherwise consented; - in the aggregate with other information in such a way that your identity cannot reasonably be determined (for example, statistical compilations); - as required by law, for example, in response to a subpoena or search warrant; - to outside auditors who have agreed to keep the information confidential; - to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale or disposition of all or a portion of the assets of Kentucky Kingdom, LLLP.
Other information we may collect
We may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such as the domain name and IP address of your computer. We may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of our website(s); research and development; customer and account administration; and to help us focus our marketing efforts more precisely.
Use of cookies
We may use “cookies” and similar technology on our website to track your online visit. Cookies help us monitor site usage and look for trends on services used and purchases made. You may set your browser to reject cookies, but this may affect your ability to use some parts of the website.
Children and Privacy
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information or data from children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, do not submit or post any personally identifiable information on this website.
External data storage sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Making Purchases Online
You will have the ability to purchase day tickets, season passes and other products and services made available by Kentucky Kingdom to our website visitors. During these purchases we will collect and store some of the information you provide. This information is used to identify you, as well as the products and services you may purchase. We provide the opportunity to receive emails or opt out of email lists. If you make a purchase via our online store, a third party company processes your credit card information, so it is not stored with Kentucky Kingdom, LLLP.
Your privacy responsibilities
To help protect your privacy, be sure: • not to share your user ID or password with anyone else; • to log off the KentuckyKingdom.com website when you are finished; • to take customary precautions to guard against “malware” (viruses, Trojan horses, bots, etc), for example by installing and updating suitable anti-virus software.
Questions or Comments?
If you have any questions or comments about Kentucky Kingdom’s privacy policy, send an email to info@kentuckykingdom.com .
Thank you for visiting our website and we look forward to seeing you this season!
