LendingTree, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, “LendingTree”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy and usage of your information. Please read below and learn how we collect, protect, share, and use your information as part of our technology platforms, and all of our products and services.
This privacy policy applies to this site CompareCards.com and all websites owned and operated by LendingTree on which this privacy policy is displayed (such websites referred to hereafter as the “Site”, whether individually or collectively) as well as the LendingTree Business. The LendingTree Business includes, but is not necessarily limited to the business conducted on the Site and through the following entities, divisions, or brands:
LendingTree, Inc.
LendingTree, LLC
LendingTree, LLC d/b/a LT Technologies (NJ, NY, RI, TX, WA)
DepositAccounts
MagnifyMoney
MileCards
SnapCap
Personally Identifiable Information: We collect personally identifiable information that can identify you such as your name, address, telephone number, mobile number, email address, and Social Security Number (collectively, “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”).  PII could also be information you provide on others, such as co-borrowers.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We also collect information such as demographic data, data about your online activity, and other information which could not be used to identify you (collectively, “Non-Personally Identifiable Information” or “NPII”).
Information: PII and NPII are known together as “Information”.
How We Collect Information
Information provided by you: Information is collected from you when you enter information in connection with an inquiry into our services.  This Information could be provided via an online form, over the phone, or via other means in which you interact with our services.
Information from service providers: Information is collected from third party service providers, such as credit bureaus and service providers who may have data on your financial profile, home, or other demographic information.
Information from cookies and other tracking technologies: Like many websites, we use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our Site and collect Information.  This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other Information we collect about you.
You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.  If you do so, please note that some parts of our Site may not function properly.
How We Use Your Information
In General: We may use Information to:
Deliver the products and services you requested
Improve customer service
Improve our Site
Personalize your user experience
Communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you
Manage our business
LendingTree Business: We may share your Information with the LendingTree Business.
Network Partners: In submitting an inquiry for a loan product or other service provided through this website, you agree that LendingTree may share your Information with lenders and other third parties which provide services to our consumers (including, for example, real estate agents or debt relief companies) in our network (collectively, “Network Partners”) to deliver the products and services your requested. PLEASE NOTE: the Network Partners with which you are matched may retain or use your Information whether or not you use their services.  You should contact these Network Partners directly concerning their privacy and information sharing practices.
LendingTree Vendors: We may share your Information with vendors that perform certain services on our behalf (“LendingTree Vendors”) including, but not limited to, credit bureaus, marketing partners, or entities providing business analysis and/or website or product support.
Other Situations: We may also disclose your information at our sole discretion:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, a request for cooperation from a law enforcement agency, self-regulatory body, or other governmental agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as we reasonably believe is required by law.  In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of the LendingTree Business, our users, our employees, or others; or to enforce our Site’s terms and condition or other agreements or policies.
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction involving the LendingTree Business, such as a sale of LendingTree or any entity, brand or division thereof, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, asset sale, or bankruptcy.
In connection with state and/or federal licensing requirements regarding the reporting of Information contained in the loan inquiries we receive from you.  You authorize LendingTree to obtain any and all required information from the Network Partners you were matched with in order for LendingTree to comply with current laws and regulations as well as with any requests from state or federal regulators.  This information could include, but is not necessarily limited to, the loan you selected and the terms of the loan you selected.
We may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with third parties in our discretion.
Unsubscribe
Unsubscribe: If at any time you do not wish to receive communications from the LendingTree Business, you may modify your preferences through your MyLendingTree profile.  In addition, you may email privacy@lendingtree.com to unsubscribe.  There may  be an unsubscribe link at the bottom of  emails sent from the LendingTree Business.
Advertising on third party sites: We may use third-party tracking technology.  This technology allows targeted advertisements to you from LendingTree Business.  Some of these advertising companies may be networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies.  The opt-out is available at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
Updating and Accessing Your Information
The appropriate method(s) for accessing your Information, if any, will depend on which Site or services you have used.  Depending on the respective Site or service, you may have the ability to view or edit some of your Information online.  If you have submitted a loan request with a LendingTree Business, you can update your personal information by contacting our Customer Care Department at customercare@lendingtree.com . Our address is 11115 Rushmore Drive, Charlotte, NC 28277.
How We Protect Your Information
We take what we believe to be industry standard security measures (including physical, electronic, and procedural measures) to help safeguard your Information from unauthorized access and disclosure.  We also require employees to comply with information security safeguards, we use encryption in the transmission of your Information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls and other intrusion detection and prevention controls to help prevent unauthorized persona from gaining access to your Information.
No system can be completely secure.  Therefore, although we take steps to secure your Information, we cannot guarantee that your Information, searches, or other communication will always remain secure.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
LendingTree has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the Information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Visiting our Websites From Outside the United States
The Site is governed by the laws of the United States, and is intended for the enjoyment of residents of the United States only. We make no representation that the Site is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation.
Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule
We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her PII without the parent/guardian's consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected PII from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
LendingTree ChatBot Disclosure
Our LendingTree chat bot is enabled by Microsoft Bot Framework.  The Microsoft Bot Framework is a set of web-services that enable intelligent services and connections using conversation channels you authorize.  As a service provider, Microsoft will transmit content you provide to our bot/service in order to enable the service.  For more information about Microsoft privacy policies please see their privacy statement here:  http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839. In addition, your interactions with this bot/service are also subject to the conversational channel’s applicable terms of use, privacy and data collection policies.  To report abuse when using a bot that uses the Microsoft Bot Framework, please visit the Microsoft Bot Framework website at https://www.botframework.com and use the “Report Abuse” link in the menu to contact Microsoft.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of any LendingTree Business, or your dealings with a LendingTree Business, please contact us at:
Compliance Officer
LendingTree, LLC
About our Advertisers
CompareCards.com is an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. CompareCards.com receives compensation from the credit card issuers whose credit card offers appear on the website. The compensation impacts the location and order in which these products appear. CompareCards.com does not include the entire universe of available credit or financial offers.
CompareCards.com has financial relationships with some of the cards mentioned here, including, but not limited to, American Express, Bank of America, Barclays, Capital One, Chase, Citi Bank, Discover Bank, and Credit One. CompareCards.com will be compensated if a consumer chooses to click on the links in our content and ultimately signs up for a product.
Terms and Conditions
By accessing this website and any of its pages (the “Site”), you are acknowledging the terms and conditions stated below (the “Terms and Conditions”) and are agreeing to be bound by the Terms and Conditions without qualification. If you do not agree to be bound by any part of these Terms and Conditions, you must not use the Site. Please carefully review the following terms and conditions to which you are bound.
Comparecards.com and its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and/or employees provide the information and materials on this Site to our visitors subject to the Terms and Conditions. Comparecards.com has the right to revise the Terms and Conditions at any time by updating the information posted at this webpage and such revisions will be binding upon all visitors to the Site. Thus, we recommend that you visit the Terms and Conditions webpage each time you visit the Site.
All of the content in the Site is made available only for your personal and lawful use in connection with seeking to obtain one or more credit cards. Use of the Site by a competitor company or other non-consumer third party is prohibited.
All of the information within this Site, including without limitation the Comparecards.com logo and other Comparecards.com trademarks and service marks, is the property of Comparecards.com and/or its affiliates or its licensors. Comparecards.com makes no proprietary claim to any third party names, trademarks or service marks appearing on the Site. Any third party names, trademarks, and service marks are the properties of their respective owners.
Trademark & Site Use
Except as expressly provided by law, you may not, without the prior written permission of Comparecards.com: (i) post, transmit, copy, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, sell or republish anything contained on the Site; or (ii) place a link to the Site on any other website or in any other forum.
All financial institutions’ credit card information, credit card names, logos, images and likenesses are copyrighted and trademarked as specified by each institution respectively. While Comparecards.com is committed to trying to maintain information on the Site that is as up-to-date as possible, Comparecards.com is nevertheless not responsible for credit card information that changes with or without notice to Comparecards.com. Furthermore, Comparecards.com is not responsible for and disclaims any and all liability related to any dealings between its visitors and the various credit card institutions and/or credit reporting agencies that may be referenced on the Site. Comparecards.com will not be involved in any disputes between any of its visitors and such credit card institutions or credit reporting agencies and/or their respective affiliates.
The Site has links to websites hosted by other parties ("Third Party Sites"). These links are offered as a convenience and for informational purposes only, not as referrals or endorsements by Comparecards.com of such Third Party Sites. Please be advised, however, that Comparecards.com may be compensated by the respective institutions responsible for such Third Party Sites for linking users to such Third Party Sites, for linking users to such Third Party Sites who are approved for a financial product sponsored by such third party institutions, or for a variety of other reasons.
The Third Party Sites are maintained by their respective institutions, and those institutions are solely responsible for the content of their own websites. Comparecards.com does not verify nor make any warranty or representation about the content, accuracy, opinions expressed, warranties, products or services, intellectual property compliance, or links of such Third Party Sites. You should read the privacy policies and terms of use agreements of all Third Party Sites.
Comparecards.com is not itself a credit card company, credit reporting agency or other financial institution. Comparecards.com is merely a venue for obtaining information related to credit cards and/or credit reports.
Legal Disputes
Comparecards.com and its affiliates, directors, officers and employees shall not be liable for any loss, damage, injury, or claim, nor any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, exemplary or punitive damages of any kind, whether such action is based in tort, contract, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise and even if Comparecards.com and its affiliates, directors, officers or employees has been advised of the possibility of such damages, which arises out of or relates in any way to: (i) the Site, materials in the Site, or the inability to use the Site; (ii) any Third Party Site, materials in any Third Party Site, or the inability to use any Third Party Site; (iii) any defect, omission, error, interruption, delay, or computer virus; or (iv) the unauthorized alteration of or access to users’ transmissions or personal data, except as a result of Comparecard.com's gross negligence or intentional actions.
The information and materials contained in this site, including text, graphics, links, or other items are provided “as is”. Comparecards.com does not warrant the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of this information and materials and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in the information and materials. No warranty of any kind, implied, expressed, or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of non-infringement of third party rights, title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and freedom from computer virus, is given in conjunction with the information and materials.
If you are in a state that does not allow the limitation of liability for certain damages, the above limitation of liability or a portion of it may not apply to you. However, you agree in any event that Comparecards.com's total liability (and that of its affiliates, directors, officers and employees) for all damages, losses, injuries, or claims of any kind or nature shall be limited to the amount you have paid to access the Site.
While Comparecards.com believes the information on the Site to be reliable, Comparecards.com makes no claims or representations about the accuracy, reliability, timeliness, usefulness or completeness of such information or advice. Each person’s financial situation is unique and you should consult a financial professional prior to acting upon any information contained in this Site. Any reliance by you on any information or advice will be at your own risk.
User access to and use of the Site is subject to all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations. Unauthorized use of this system is prohibited and violators can be prosecuted under federal and state laws. South Carolina law and federal law will govern the interpretation and enforcement of these Terms and Conditions, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law. By using the Site, you consent to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts of Charleston County, South Carolina, U.S.A. for any action or proceeding arising under or relating to these Terms and Conditions or this Site.
Click Here to contact us with any questions or comments.
Posting Guidelines
CompareCards.com offers users the ability to comment and engage in open discussions. We strive to keep the discussion board free of spam, remain on-topic, and maintain an insightful and respectful community.
By posting a message or contributing in any way to the Site, including, but not limited to, sending comments and e-mail to Comparcards.com, you expressly grant Comparecards.com the right to use in any way, copy or republish such contribution as part of its property.
We ask that users follow the below guidelines to ensure an active, on-going community of helpful and insightful tips. We have the right to delete any comments and even block those who break any of CompareCards.com guidelines.
The following is a list of unacceptable posts/comments that may be cause for deletion:
Use of offensive content related to race, gender, nationality, sexuality, religion, or politics.
Excessive profanity or obscene material
Spam
Posting for the sole purpose of self-promotion, solicitation, or advertising.
Posts completely unrelated to the current discussion
Posting of personal information. These will be removed for your own safety
Harassment or personal attacks towards those engaged in discussion
Comments/insults about spelling and grammar. It has nothing to do with the discussion and just creates meaningless posts that flood the discussion board
Excessive posts of the same content. We understand you want to be heard and get your word out there, but posting too frequently floods the message board.
Posting content or material you don’t own the rights to
Violating any law or regulation
All discussions and comments are done at the user’s discretion and are not reviewed, approved, or endorsed by any of the affiliated financial institutions.
If you find something that you feel is in violation of any of the above guidelines, please contact us at sarah@comparecards.com . Thank you for your involvement and effort to keep an active and open community.
*Advertiser Disclosure: CompareCards is an independent, advertising-supported credit comparison service. Offers which appear on CompareCards.com are from companies with which CompareCards.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact the location and order in which these products appear. CompareCards.com takes into consideration several proprietary rules and the likelihood of an applicants’ credit approval to determine how and where products appear on the site. CompareCards.com does not include the entire universe of available credit or financial offers.
CompareCards. © 2018 All Rights Reserved.
×Close
CompareCards is an independent, advertising-supported credit comparison service. Offers which appear on CompareCards.com are from companies with which CompareCards.com receives compensation. This compensation may impact the location and order in which these products appear. CompareCards.com takes into consideration several proprietary rules and the likelihood of an applicants’ credit approval to determine how and where products appear on the site. CompareCards.com does not include the entire universe of available credit or financial offers.
×Close
About Our Ratings
Our editors rate credit cards objectively based on the features the credit card offers consumers, the fees and interest rates, and how a credit card compares with other cards in its category. The ratings are the expert opinion of our editors, and not influenced by any remuneration this site receives from card issuers.
Close
700 or Higher
Credit cards for excellent credit are intended for those with a credit score of 700 or Higher.
Good Credit
700 or Higher
Credit cards for excellent credit are intended for those with a credit score of 700 or Higher.
Fair Credit
Between 600 - 659
Credit cards for fair credit are intended for those with a credit score between 600 - 659.
Bad Credit
599 or Lower
Credit cards for bad credit are intended for those with a credit score of 599 or Lower.
No/Limited Credit
- - -
Credit cards for no credit are intended for those without an established credit score.
Your Free Credit Score
No credit card required
Learn the 6 factors that impact your score
Find out how much you could save on your credit accounts
