Due to Hurricane Florence, Duke University and the Duke Alumni Association are currently closed. We plan to open on Monday, September 17 at 8:30 a.m., weather permitting. For updates, please visit the DukeALERT website.
Due to Hurricane Florence, Duke University and the Duke Alumni Association are currently closed. We plan to open on Monday, September 17 at 8:30 a.m., weather permitting. For updates, please visit the DukeALERT website.
We are experiencing delays with profile updates. If you update your profile and save it, you may not see the changes immediately. We apologize and are working to resolve the issues as quickly as possible. Please check back.
Alumni cards are now virtual! Download our mobile app and use your card to get on-campus benefits. Learn more.
We are experiencing delays with profile updates. If you update your profile and save it, you may not see the changes immediately. We apologize and are working to resolve the issues as quickly as possible. Please check back.
Alumni cards are now virtual! Download our mobile app and use your card to get on-campus benefits. Learn more.
If you don't have a Duke OneLink account, create one today .
In order to access the alumni directory, class notes, your profile, and more, sign in now with OneLink.
If you don't have a Duke OneLink account, create one today .
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This Privacy Policy is applicable when jurisdictions requiring additional notice requirements and describes how we at Duke University and Duke’s Schools, Centers, and other Duke units and affiliates, and Duke Health, (collectively, “we” or “Duke”) collect, use and share the Personal Information that we gather by any means, including hardcopy (such as, paper applications or forms) and electronic means (such as, websites, mobile apps, and other digital properties), that are owned and operated by Duke and that link to or reference this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”).
All Duke Schools, Centers, and other Duke units and affiliates may run and maintain their own websites on either the .Duke.edu domain or organization-specific domains. These sites may carry their own privacy notices or provide additional information relating to their activities, which will supersede or supplement this Privacy Policy. For further information about Duke’s web presence, please see the Duke University Privacy Statement.
Body
Duke Alumni Privacy Policy
Duke University is committed to preserving the privacy of alumni and friends. The alumni association (DAA, we) collects personal information about you, including postal and email addresses, phone numbers, details about your Duke degree, and your previous involvements with Duke, as part of our effort to keep alumni informed and connected to Duke. Selected information may also be shared through a password-protected online directory for the purpose of facilitating contacts among Duke alumni, students or staff. Directory users must agree to terms of use before receiving access to the directory. 
When users of our website provide contact information, such as by updating their online profile, registering for an event or subscribing to an email list, their email address is recorded and may be used to send information about Duke and Duke alumni activities. Alumni have the ability to opt-out of any communications sent by Duke to display any information through the online directory.
DAA may share information about you with other Duke offices and departments for University-related activities. DAA does not sell or otherwise make available information about alumni for any commercial or philanthropic purpose not directly connected with or approved by Duke University. We may enter into contractual arrangements with third party businesses, such as banks and insurance companies, to provide services and promotions to Duke alumni. We only enter such arrangements when we believe that they provide unique value to the Duke community. In such cases, DAA may provide alumni contact information for the exclusive purpose of communicating a Duke-specific promotion to alumni. These Third-party vendors are prohibited contractually from retaining or using this information for any other purpose. Additionally, DAAmay contract with third-party vendors to transmit alumni information to third-party vendors, such as emailing services, to facilitate our business practices. All such agreements are screened to ensure that alumni information is secure. 
Cookies are used to enhance the experience of the visitor. 
Please let us know if you have any questions or concerns. E-mail:  help@daa.duke.edu or call (919) 684-5114. 
About DAA
Durham, NC 27701
Campus Box 90572
Durham, NC 27708
P: (919) 684-5114
F: (919) 684-6022
