Outlook Group has experience producing unique packaging components in a wide array of markets including personal care, consumer healthcare, food and beverage, and consumer products. We provide innovative solutions for labels, folding cartons, flexible packaging, contract packaging and direct marketing. Let our team help you plan a packaging solution tailored to meet your needs.
Packaging
Yes, we print and convert labels, flexible film, and paperboard all in one facility, and have clean rooms where we package components into finished products for direct distribution.
Contact
Each and every day, Outlook employees look for ways to save our customers time – by delighting them with the right printing and packaging products and services at the right time.
Your privacy is important to Outlook Group LLC This statement discloses the information practices for Outlook Group LLC Web sites, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
Outlook Group LLC abides by the Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the United States Department Of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of information collected from the European Union by a Web site on the Outlook Group LLCcom domain.
Personal information
In general, you can visit Outlook Group LLC on the Internet without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners may need information from you.
You may choose to give us personal information in a variety of situations. For example, you may want to give us information, such as your name and address or e-mail id, to correspond with you, to process an order, or to provide you with a subscription. You may give us your credit card details to buy something from us or a description of your education and work experience in connection with a job opening at Outlook Group LLC that you wish to be considered for. We intend to let you know how we will use such information before we collect it from you; if you tell us that you do not want us to use this information to make further contact with you beyond fulfilling your requests, we will respect your wishes. If you give us personal information about somebody else, such as a spouse or work colleague, we will assume that you have their permission to do so.
Using and Sharing Personal Information
The following paragraphs describe in more detail how Outlook Group LLC may use your personal information and with whom we may share it. Depending on the type of Outlook Group LLC Web site you are visiting, one or more of the paragraphs may apply. For example, if you order a product from an Outlook Group LLC Web site, your information will be handled as described in such paragraphs as Fulfilling Your Transaction Request and Marketing Use.
Fulfilling your transaction request
If you request something from an Outlook Group LLC Web site, for example, a product or service, a callback, or specific marketing materials, we will use the information you provide to fulfill your request. To help us do this, we may share information, with others, for instance, other parts of Outlook Group LLC, Outlook Group LLC’s Business Partners, financial institutions, shipping companies, postal or government authorities (for example, Customs authorities) involved in fulfillment. In connection with a transaction we may also contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Marketing Use
The information you provide to Outlook Group LLC on certain Outlook Group LLC Web sites may also be used by Outlook Group LLC and selected third parties for marketing purposes. Before we use it, however, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information used in this way.
Outlook Group LLC Human Resources Web Sites (including Recruitment)
In connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on an Outlook Group LLC Web site or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume or curriculum vitae. We may use this information throughout Outlook Group LLC and its related entities for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. Except where you tell us not to, we will keep the information for future consideration.
Information for Business Partners
If you represent an Outlook Group LLC Business Partner, you may visit an Outlook Group LLC Web site intended specifically for Outlook Group LLC Business Partners. We may use information provided on that site to administer and develop our business relationship with you, the Business Partner you represent, and Outlook Group LLC Business Partners generally. For instance, this may involve using your information to send you details of Outlook Group LLC Business Partner programs. It may also include sharing certain information with other Business Partners (subject to any confidentiality obligations that may exist), or Outlook Group LLC customers or prospects. In connection with a particular transaction or program, we may also contact you as part of customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes.
Outlook Group LLC Supplier Administration
If you represent an Outlook Group LLC supplier, you may visit an Outlook Group LLC Web site intended specifically for use by Outlook Group LLC suppliers. We may use the information provided on that site in connection with entering into or performing a transaction with you. For example, this may include sharing information with other parts of Outlook Group LLC, Outlook Group LLC’s Business Partners, customers, shipping companies, financial institutions, postal or government authorities involved in fulfillment. It may also be used to administer and develop our relationship with you, the supplier you represent and/or other Outlook Group LLC suppliers generally.
Outlook Group LLC Discussion Forums and Chat Rooms
If you participate in an Outlook Group LLC discussion forum or chat room, you should be aware that the information you provide there will be made broadly available to others, potentially inside or outside Outlook Group LLC, who have access to that discussion forum or chat room. Also, please recognize that individual forums and chat rooms may have additional rules and conditions. Each participant’s opinion on a forum or chat room is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of Outlook Group LLC.
Other Outlook Group LLC Web Site Notices
In some cases, specific Outlook Group LLC Web sites may contain other notices about their use and the information practices applicable to those sites.
Our Worldwide Practices
Outlook Group LLC is a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross borders.
Our privacy practices are designed to provide protection for your personal information, all over the world.
We may share your personal information within Outlook Group LLC and transfer it to countries in the world where we do business.
Some countries may provide less legal protection for your information. In such countries Outlook Group LLC will still handle information in the manner we describe here.
Information Security and Quality
We intend to protect your personal information and to maintain its quality. We implement appropriate measures and processes, such as using encryption when transmitting certain sensitive information, to help us to keep your information secure and to maintain its quality.
Supplementing Information
From time to time we may supplement information you give us via an Outlook Group LLC Web site with information from other sources, such as information validating your address or other available information about businesses. This is to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect and to help us provide a better service.
Use of Suppliers
In some cases Outlook Group LLC uses suppliers to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process information on its behalf. It is Outlook Group LLC’s practice to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with Outlook Group LLC’s policies.
Mergers and Acquisitions
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, Outlook Group LLC decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or receiving it from sellers. It is Outlook Group LLC’s practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies
We sometimes collect non-identifiable information from visits to our Web sites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit, and we also measure visitor activity on Outlook Group LLC Web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information non-identifiable. This information is sometimes known as “clickstream data.” Outlook Group LLC or others on Outlook Group LLC’s behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.
Also, when we collect personal data from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in an non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information such as clickstream data. This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns.
This information is not reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner you can disable your cookies.
We collect the information we mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies, including one called “cookies”. A cookie is a piece of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Some Outlook Group LLC pages use cookies, sent by Outlook Group LLC or its third party vendors, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the Web site. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some Web sites may not work properly.
Some Outlook Group LLC Web sites also use Web beacon or other technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across Outlook Group LLC’s Web sites. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don’t want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies.
If you turn off cookies, Web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded. For more information, please see “How to work with Cookies”.
Service Quality Monitoring
Certain Web transactions may also involve you calling us or our calling you. Please be aware that it is Outlook Group LLC’s general practice to monitor and in some cases record such calls for staff training or quality assurance purposes.
Online Advertising
Certain companies help us deliver interactive on-line advertising such as banner ads. These companies may collect and use information about customers to help us better understand the offers, promotions, and types of advertising that are most appealing to our customers. After it is collected the information is aggregated so it is not identifiable to a specific individual. If, however, you would prefer that these companies not collect such information, please visit  www.networkadvertising.org and follow the “opt-out” instructions.
Personalized URL Link
On occasion, we may personalize and customize Web sites for certain visitors. If you visit one of these sites, you may find it customized with references to products and/or services that we believe may be of interest to you, based on your previous interactions with Outlook Group LLC and information you have provided to us. While you are visiting these Web sites, we may collect information about your visit to better tailor the site to your interests. An invitation to visit one of these Web sites is usually presented as a personalized URL in an e-mail, a notice on a Web site registration page, or as a response to you logging on to a certain Web site.
If you choose to visit one of these Web sites, you are agreeing to let Outlook Group LLC collect information about your visits and also to its association with other information about you and your relationship with Outlook Group LLC If you do not wish your information to be used in this way, do not accept the invitation to visit these sites.
Disclosures Required By Law
Please be aware that in certain circumstances, it is possible that personal information may be subject to disclosure pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders.
Links to non-Outlook Group LLC Web sitesOutlook Group LLC Web sites may contain links to other Web sites. Outlook Group LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other Web sites.
Notification of Changes
This privacy statement was last updated on 4/29/11. A notice will be posted on our Web site home page for 30 days whenever this privacy statement is changed in a material way.
Privacy Questions and Access
If you have a question about this statement, you can send an email to the Outlook Group LLC Web site administrator. The address for this is  solig@outlookgroup.com . You can also contact us at this address if you have a question about Outlook Group LLC’s handling of your information.
If you wish to obtain a copy of particular information you provided to Outlook Group LLC, or if you become aware the information is incorrect and you would like us to correct it contact us at solig@outlookgroup.com .
Before Outlook Group LLC is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. We will endeavor to respond within an appropriate timeframe.
If you have questions or concerns regarding the site’s privacy statement, you should first contact Outlook Group LLC directly. If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe online at  http://www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html . TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve your concerns.
This Web site is maintained by the Outlook Group LLC or one of its subsidiaries around the world.
Labels
