Lexus Personal Information Sharing Practices – 2017
(Effective as of January 1, 2018)
During 2017, Lexus shared Personal Information about our customers with SiriusXM™ Satellite Radio, Lexus hotel partners, Lexus Financial Services, Lexus Financial Savings Bank and our authorized Lexus dealers, where the information was used for the recipient’s own marketing.
Connected Vehicle Services Privacy and Protection Notice
Your vehicle may be equipped with Connected Services technology that electronically transmits Vehicle Data to Toyota.  Toyota may use your Vehicle Data to respond to vehicle emergencies, find destinations you request, activate remote services, help you manage your vehicle service and maintenance, improve vehicle safety, develop new and better vehicles, confirm vehicle quality and analyze vehicle trends. We also collect and use your Personal Information to facilitate your usage of Connected Vehicle Services technology, fulfill your requests, and manage our relationship with you.
Lexus Online Privacy Statement
This statement applies to the websites operated by Lexus, a division of Toyota Motor Sales, U.S.A., Inc. ("Lexus," "we," "us," or "our") online.  Last Updated January 1, 2018.  Some of our products and services may have additional terms that apply, such as vehicles equipped with Connected Vehicle Services technologies. Where product-or-service-specific terms conflict with this Privacy Statement, those terms shall govern.
We collect personal information you choose to provide which may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address, and phone number together with certain demographic information from you in connection with surveys or from commercially available third party services.
We collect and store "usage information" about how you use our Platforms, such as the name of your Internet service provider, the browser and type of machine you are using, the IP address and the website that referred you to us and the pages you visit to help manage and enhance the Platforms.
 
We use personal information to provide you with services or information you request, such as new–vehicle information alerts, promotions and mailed brochures.
We also use personal information when you request to participate in   promotional activities such as sweepstakes, contests, games, special events, blogs and chats.
We share personal information with our service providers and business partners to assist us in fulfilling your requests and providing features and services for the Platforms.
We also share personal information with companies affiliated with Lexus and our authorized dealers, dealer advertising associations and distributors for their own use.
If you choose to participate in a Program, your Personal Information may also be shared with our Program partners and may be used by our Program partners if you indicate your interest in receiving   communications directly from that company.
We, web publishers and other websites on which we advertise may target advertisements for products and services in which you might be interested based on your visits to both the Platforms and other websites.
 
You have the right to correct or update your personal information.
 
Important Information
CHILDREN . Lexus does not seek information from children under the age of 13.
PHISHING SCAMS . Toyota will never ask you to update your personal information through email.
ACCEPTANCE . By using the Platforms, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement.
HOW TO CONTACT US
To contact us with a question, call us at 1-800-25-LEXUS or mail your inquiry to:
Lexus
Plano, TX 75025-9001
Notice for Internet Explorer® Users
To ensure your experience on lexus.com is as exceptional as our vehicles, we no longer support Internet Explorer® Version 10 and  older. We do, however, support Version 11 and other browsers. Click here to upgrade your current browser or, to install a new one, select a link below.
Notice for Safari® Users
To ensure your experience on lexus.com is as exceptional as our vehicles, we no longer support safari® 8 and older. We do, however, support version 9.0+ and other browsers. to upgrade your current browser, click here . or to install a new one, select a link below.
