Date of last revision: May 14, 2018
At Aditec Solutions, we are committed to respect the privacy choices of our clients and Website visitors.
This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes how we use and to whom we disclose personal data that is collected by us or provided by you when you visit our website located at www.affise.com (the “Website”) or use our services (the «Services»).
You will also find below the important information about your rights in relation to your personal data, so please read the policy carefully.
Aditec Solutions UAB (“Aditec Solutions”, “us”, or “we”) acts as controller of your personal data. Company code is 304284444, address Gedimino ave. 20, Vilnius, Lithuania, phone +370-68-403156, email  privacy@affise.com .
By accessing the Website or using our Services, you become subject to this Policy. Your acceptance of the terms of this Policy, in their entirety, shall be effective to your employees, if any.
1. What information we collect and how we use it
 “Personal Data” is any information relating to natural person, who can be identified directly or indirectly.
We collect the following Personal Data about you:
1.1. Information we use to provide services
Contact Information. When you register / sign up for the Services, we may collect certain contact information from you, such as your first and last name, organization name, city, state and zip code, email address, and phone number or other similar contact details to help you with your experience.
Billing Information. When purchasing Services, you will be required to provide additional information that may include a credit card number or other banking or payment information. This information is required by us to verify your identity, to establish your company’s account, and set up your Services.
Service Information. In order to provide Services to you and to improve our Services, we may collect information that is created or provided by you in connection with your use of the Services, including order information, chat logs, email logs and information about your actions in various client areas on the Website. 
Third Party Information. We may obtain information about you from other sources, which include [●], and add it to your account Contact Information. This combined information may be used by us to enhance our ability to provide Services to you, to ensure that we are paid for Services, 
We will use your Contact Information and Billing Information to provide Services and to provide you with access to the Services you have ordered, as well as support services, technical updates or updates on changes in our usage policies. The legal basis for us to use your Contact Information, Billing Information and Service Information is the agreements you enter into with us in connection with the Services (the “Services Terms”).
1.2. Use of information for direct marketing
We may also use your name, address, email and phone number (for SMS messages) to send you company updates and marketing offers about Services you use or similar services which we provide. You object to such processing and may refuse from receiving such communication by pressing unsubscribe at the end of the message or sending an email to us (see Section 9).
We may use any information collected from you: (i) to personalize user’s experience; (ii) to improve our Service in order to better serve you and/or to provide Services more effectively; (iii) to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests, (iv) to ensure continuous improvement and development of the Services; (v) to administer the Website and to diagnose possible problems; (vi) to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Website feature; (vii) to send periodic emails regarding your order or your use of services. 
We use Service Information to market our Services to you in a more personalized manner and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested. to advertise or market our business, and to tailor offers, promotions, etc.
Legal basis for such processing is our legitimate interests to increase our sales. 
When you give consent, we may also provide you, even if you are not a client, with the offers and marketing communication of our partners, or our Services which are not similar to those you use. You can freely decide whether to provide consent or not. No negative consequences shall arise due to your refusal to provide such consent. 
1.3. Browsing Information and Cookies
“Cookies” are small files that the Website or its service provider transfers (if you allow) to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser that enables the Website’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We may use Cookies, web beacons and other technical means to collect and analyze certain information about how you and other visitors use the Website. This technical information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser information, and the preceding and succeeding websites you have visited, among other things. We may also keep a record of which pages of the Website you visit, and how long you spend on each page. Cookies can also be used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current Website activity, which enables us to provide you with improved Services. We also use Cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better Website experiences and tools in the future. We use Google Analytics for collecting website browsing statistics.
We use Local Storage (HTML5), and our third party utility partner uses Local Shared Objects (Flash cookies) and Local Storage (HTML5) to store content information and preferences, and to display advertising based on your web browsing activity. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
You may set your browser to notify you or decline the receipt of Cookies; however, certain features of our Website or Services may not function properly or be available if your browser is configured to disable Cookies.
Legal basis for use of cookies and other information stored on your devices is your consent, which you may freely refuse to give. To learn more about our Cookie Policy, please visit  https://affise.com/cookie-policy/
1.4. Tracking Technologies on our Website
Google Analytics
In order to optimize this website, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how you use this website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. If the IP anonymization is activated on this website, your IP address will previously be truncated by Google within the EU member states or EEA member states. Only in exceptional cases will the IP address be transferred to Google on a server in the United States and thereafter be truncated. On behalf of the website operator, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address that was transmitted by your browser will not be combined by Google with any other data. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You may also prevent the collection of the data that was generated by the cookie and that is related to the use of the website (including your IP address) as well as its processing by Google by downloading and installing a browser plugin that is available under the following link:  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de . Additional information thereto is available at  http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de  and  http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html  (general information to Google Analytics and privacy). This Website uses Google Analytics with its extension code “gat._anonymizeIp()“ so that IP addresses will therefore only be processed in a shortened form to prevent persons from being identified.
Google AdWords
We as a Google AdWords customer also use Google Conversion Tracking, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google AdWords places a cookie in your browser (“Conversion Cookie”) if you have accessed our website via a Google ad. These cookies are valid for 30 days. If you access some of our sites and the cookie is still valid, we and Google can recognize that somebody has clicked on the ad and thereafter was transferred to our website. Every AdWords customers uses a different cookie, and therefore it is not possible to track cookies via the websites of AdWords customers. The information obtained via the Conversion Cookie is used in order to assemble conversion reports for AdWords customers. The AdWords customers receive the number of users that have clicked on their ad and have been transferred to a site that includes the Conversion Tracking Tag but they do not receive any information that would allow them to identify the user. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
Yandex Metrica
We use Yandex Metrica in order to analyse the advertising campaigns on Yandex. Yandex Metrica collects data via cookies, which are small text files that are used to uniquely identify your browser. Cookies are placed onto your computer by their system and can later be accessed by their servers to get the statistics Yandex Metrica needs for site optimization. They also use their own server data logs. Cookies and data logs can indicate user status (new or returning), the version of the browser used, device make and model, session duration, number of pages viewed, landing pages, and other non-personally identifiable information. Cookies and data logs are collected in aggregate and not tied to an individual.
To measure the effectiveness of particular pieces of content, Yandex Metrica may use web beacons, also known as clear gifs or web bugs. They are small, pixel-sized graphic objects with unique IDs which are not stored on your hard drive. Instead, a web beacon is inserted into a bit of content to track how users engage with it. The information gathered by web beacons is not personally identifiable.
Yandex Metrica may collect your personal data only when you explicitly provide it by registering with their service using a global  Yandex account  or when filling out a feedback form. The registration data is limited to your first and last name. Submitting your phone number, additional email address and other data is optional. Such information it is used to provide better security for your account (through two-factor authentication), for sending you service notifications about your site’s status (should you wish to receive them), or for more convenient access to Yandex’s services. Rules and policies concerning your global Yandex account and data associated with it can be found in Yandex’s general  Privacy Policy , which applies to all of Yandex’s services including Yandex.Metrica.
Baidu
We use Baidu search and native advertising to drive traffic to our website, raise brand awareness, promote it and increase our online sales as a part of our marketing plan. According to Baidu Privacy Policy ( http://usa.baidu.com/privacy/ ), Baidu and their third party business partners automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit their website or use Baidu Products.  When you use Baidu Product, they may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets them help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.  A cookie may also convey information to them about how you use the Baidu Product (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Baidu Product, and other actions you take on the Baidu Product), and allow them to track your usage of the Baidu Product over time. Baidu may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the Baidu Product.  Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Baidu Product, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. They may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of the Users.  In addition, Baidu may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to their users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. They may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help them measure traffic and usage trends for the Baidu Product and to understand more about the demographics of the users. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Baidu Product.
When you access a Baidu Product by or through a mobile device, Baidu may receive or collect and store a unique identification numbers associated with your device or the Baidu Product (including, for example, a unique device ID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID), MAC address, mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, phone number, and, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude and longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device.
Baidu may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to:  (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of Baidu Products; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and Baidu Products; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance Baidu Products.
Bing
Bing is a web search engine owned and operated by Microsoft which we use in advertising purposes to drive traffic to our website, raise brand awareness, and increase our online sales as a part of our marketing plan. Microsoft collects data to operate effectively and provide you the best experiences with their products. You provide some of this data directly, such as when you create a Microsoft account, administer your organization’s licensing account, submit a search query to Bing, register for a Microsoft event, speak a voice command to Cortana, upload a document to OneDrive, purchase an MSDN subscription, sign up for Office 365, or contact them for support. They get some of it by recording how you interact with their products by using technologies like  cookies , and receiving error reports or usage data from software running on your device. Find out more here  https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
LinkedIn
Our website includes include social media features, such as Linkedin button. This Feature may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set Cookies to enable the Feature to function properly. Your interactions with this feature are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. See the LinkedIn Privacy Policy here  https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy .
This website uses social plugins (“plugins”) from the social network facebook.com which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identified by one of the Facebook logos or the amendment “Facebook social plugin”. The list and the look of the Facebook social plugins can be viewed here:  https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/ .
If you access a page on our website that includes such a social plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to the Facebook servers. Facebook transfers the social plugin’s content directly to your browser which will then integrate it into the website. Therefore we have no influence on the extent of the data that Facebook collects via its social plugins, and thus, can only inform you based on our state of knowledge: Through integration of the plugin, Facebook obtains the information that you have accessed the respective page on our website, even if you are not a registered user of Facebook or are not logged into Facebook. This information as well as your browser’s IP address is transferred to Facebook’s server in the United States and is being stored there. According to Facebook, only anonymized IP addresses are stored from non-registered users in Germany. If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can allocate the visit to our website to your Facebook account. Facebook receives such information irrespective of whether you interact with the social plugins or not. If you do interact with the social plugins, e.g. by using the «Like-it-Button» or by posting a commentary, your browser will transfer such information directly to Facebook where it is being stored. Such information will also be published on Facebook and be displayed to your Facebook friends. For information on the purpose and extent of data collection, the further processing and use of such data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this regard and your setting options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to Facebook’s privacy policy:  http://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to collect data on you via our website and to combine such data with your Facebook membership data, you need to log off from Facebook before accessing our website. Furthermore, you may also block social plugins by downloading and installing add-ons for your browser, such as the Facebook blocker:  http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/
Twitter Plugins
This website uses social plugins that are provided by Twitter Inc.,1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA, and can be identified by the Twitter logo or e.g. the words “Tweet” or “Twitter”. The plugins enable the user, inter alia, to share an article or a page of this website on Twitter. If you access a website that includes this plugin, your browser sets up a direct connection to Twitter’s servers. Twitter transfers the plugin’s content directly to your browser which will then integrate it into the website. Therefore we have no influence on the extent or content of the data that Twitter collects via its plugin, and thus, can only inform you based on our state of knowledge.
According to our knowledge, log information such as the user’s IP address, the URL of the referring website, etc, is transmitted to Twitter. Additional information is available in Twitter’s privacy policy:  http://twitter.com/privacy
Intercom
We use Intercom widget as a mean of communication between our clients and support team. Intercom online privacy policy located at  https://www.intercom.com/privacy  describes the categories of personal data they may receive, as well as the purposes for which they use that personal data. According to that policy they collect information about you when you (a) register to use their services and (b) otherwise provide contact information to them via email, mail, or through Offerings. This information you provide may include your username, first and last name, email address, mailing address or phone number.
They also automatically collect information on how you interact with the Offerings, such as the IP address from which you access the Offerings, date and time, information about your browser, operating system and computer or device, pages viewed and items clicked. They may also collect location information, including location information automatically provided by your computer or device. Intercom uses cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information. For more information, please see Intercom’s  Cookie Policy.
Zendesk
We use Zendesk with the goal to improve communication with our cliens and make sense of massive amounts of data and documentations for Affise platform. Zendesk uses cookies and other information gathering technologies for a variety of purposes. These technologies may collect personal information, information about devices and networks you utilize to access their website. For detailed information about the use of cookies in their website, please read and review Zendesk Cookie Policy found  here .
Yahoo
We use Yahoo search and native advertising to drive traffic to our website, raise brand awareness, promote it and increase our online sales as a part of our marketing plan. As in June 2017, Yahoo and AOL announced that they had joined to become Oath, a digital and mobile media company and part of  Verizon , now Oath and Yahoo goes under a single privacy policy. In order to improve advertising campaigns Yahoo may collect your personal information, device and location information, and data from cookies and other technologies. The full privacy policy can be found here  https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html .
BrainTree
BrainTree is a PayPal service we use as a billing service for our customers at Affise. BrainTree collects information about you that you voluntarily provide to them when you: (i) contact them to learn more about Braintree, the Braintree Services, or other opportunities you indicate are of interest at the time; (ii) access or use the Braintree Service; or (iii) contact customer service. This information may include, for example, your name, mailing address, business name, and any other information that you choose to provide to them. This also includes technical data, such as IP addresses and device identifiers that are commonly generated in establishing a connection with the Braintree Services. See the BrainTree Privacy Policy here  https://www.braintreepayments.com/en-cy/legal/braintree-privacy-policy .
Naver
As Naver.com is a searh engine, we use Naver search and native advertising to drive traffic to our website, raise brand awareness, and increase our online sales as a part of our marketing plan. Naver privacy policy and their terms of collecting your data can be found there  http://policy.naver.com/policy/privacy.html .
2. To whom we disclose your personal data
2.1. We use third party suppliers/vendors to perform the following business-related functions: data storage services, database maintenance services and payment processing. There suppliers and vendors may receive or have access to your personal data. When we employ such third party suppliers/vendors to perform services on our behalf, we will only provide them with access to Personal Data that they need to perform their specific function. We will put our reasonable efforts that each third party supplier/vendor will be required by contract to keep such Personal Data confidential and not to use it for any purpose other than providing services to us.
2.2. We may share Personal Data with the owner of intellectual property rights to the Website and software used on it and to the extent needed to perform certain business-related functions (e.g. updates, maintenance, support, etc.) for the purpose of providing Services to you.
2.3. We may share Personal Data with entities that are controlled by or under common control with Aditec Solutions (each, an “Affiliate”) for the purpose of assisting Aditec Solutions in providing its Services to you. In that event, any such Affiliate will use Personal Data solely as permitted under this Policy.
2.4. We may disclose Personal Data to public authorities if required to do so by law or to comply with a legal obligation. If we are requested by law to disclose any of your Personal Data, we will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice of that disclosure requirement, unless we are prohibited from doing so by statute, court or administrative order.
2.5. We reserve the right to sell, assign or transfer our business or assets. In any such event or similar event, including but not limiting to corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, etc., Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer or successor of Aditec Solutions may continue to use your Personal Data as set forth in this Policy.
2.6. Our employees have access to your Personal Data only to the extent their functions are required to provide our service or otherwise act on our behalf as set forth in this Policy.
3. Data storage period
Personal Data will be stored for as long as the Personal Data is required to provide Services or requested Website functionality. Other types of Personal Data, which are not required for the provision of Services, shall be stored for a period of up to [●] or until (if) consent is withdrawn or other data subject’s rights are exercised. In some cases, Personal Data may be stored for a period longer than indicated or despite withdrawal of consent or request to erase Personal Data, if storage of Personal Data is required in order to protect our or third parties’ legitimate interests. 
4. Security
We will maintain industry-standard physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect data in our possession from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. However, no method of transmission or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. We regularly test and update our technology to help protect your data. However, such precautions do not guarantee that our Website or the data stored during your use of the Services is invulnerable to hacking and will not be subject to a security breach. We make no warranty, guarantee, or representation that the Website or the Services are or will be protected from all viruses, security threats or other vulnerabilities or that your information will always be secure.
5. Links to Other Sites
For the convenience of our visitors and clients, the Website may contain links to other sites, such as those of our partners or vendors, which are subject to different privacy policies. The Policy will not apply to your use of other websites. While we generally try to link only to sites that share similar high standards and respect for privacy, we have no responsibility or liability for the content, products or services offered, independent actions, or the privacy and security practices employed by these other independent sites. We encourage you to ask questions and review the applicable privacy policies found on such other websites, services and applications to understand how your information may be collected and used on these independent sites before disclosing information to third parties.
6. Social Media & Widgets
Our Website includes and/or may include social media features and widgets, such as the Facebook, Twitter or Linkedin button (the “Features”). These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Website, and may set Cookies to enable the Feature to function properly. Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. We undertake no responsibility and shall have no liability with respect to these Features.
7. Minors
We will never knowingly collect any Personal Data and personal information about individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. If Aditec Solutions obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about an individual under eighteen (18) years of age, that information will be immediately deleted from our platform.
8. Your Rights, Questions and Complaints
8.1. You have a right to request rectification of Personal Data in our database (including Contact and Billing Information that you have provided to us) by contacting us at  support@affise.com . If you delete Personal Data or it is erased under your request, we will only retain such copies of the information as are necessary for us to protect our or third parties’ legitimate interests, comply with governmental orders, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, or enforce any agreement you have entered into with us. 
8.2. In certain cases, you may have a right to restrict processing of your Personal Data or to object to processing of your Personal Data. These rights can be exercised by contacting us at  support@affise.com . 
8.3. In cases where processing of Personal Data is based on your consent, you have the right to refuse and revoke consent to the processing of your Personal Data by contacting us at  support@affise.com . Upon termination of processing of your Personal Data it can be difficult or impossible to provide Services to you.
8.4. You can request information about all personal data we have stored about you by contacting us at  support@affise.com . By contacting us at the aforementioned address, you may also exercise your right to data portability. 
8.5. If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding the way we collect and handle your information, please contact us by email at  support@affise.com or Aditec Solutions UAB, Gedimino pr. 20, Vilnius, the Republic of Lithuania. If you are unsatisfied with processing of your Personal Data or our handling of your complaints, you have a right to approach a supervisory authority – State data protection inspectorate, responsible for the supervision of data protection related matters in Lithuania, at  www.ada.lt . 
8.6. Our data protection officer can be contacted by email at  privacy@affise.com .
©  2018 Affise Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Website, software and related IP rights belong to and aforesaid online information services provided by: Affise Technologies Ltd. All rights reserved.
Marketing, customer engagement, payments processing, training and support licensed agent : Aditec Solutions UAB
×
Get your free copy
Fill out the form to receive your copy of the case study.
Get your free copy
×
No credit card needed: fill in the form and get your absolutely free demo in a couple of hours! All the fields are required.
I agree to the Privacy Policy and User Agreement and to receive email content from Affise.
Get started
Something went wrong
