Get Great Email Savings
Here's a great way to stay in touch on our daily deals and great savings. Enter your email address below to sign up and receive our promotions and exclusive offers!
Please enter a valid email address.
Thank you for signing up, keep checking your inbox!
Email Savings
SIGN UP
Invalid Zip. Please try again.
We need a little more information to check the availability and delivery options in your area.
Search SearsOutlet
At Sears Outlet we love to hear from our customers. We appreciate your thoughts about how our website is working for you. Your input and opinion willenable us to constantly improve. Thanks for your help.
What brings you to visit us today ?
How was your overall experience with searsoutlet.com?
(5-Excellent) (4-Good) (3-Ok) (2-Poor) (1-Very Poor)
5
4
3
2
1
Your Name
Email Address
Please leave your comments and help us improve. If this is related to a specific issue, provide any available details (item number, order number, etc.) to help us resolve the matter faster. You can also contact customer service directly .
Cancel
Send
Privacy Policy
This website ("Site") is owned and operated by a Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores, Inc. and our affiliates ("SHO," "us," "we," or "our").  At SHO, we want you to understand what information we gather about you, how we use it, and the safeguards we have in place designed to protect it. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through this Site.
Your use of this Site, and any disputes arising from it, are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use and all of its dispute resolution provisions, including arbitration, class action waiver, limitation on damages and choice of law.
What Type of Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use It?
We may collect personally identifiable information ("PII") from you such as your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, mobile phone number, credit card number, birth day, and rewards number you voluntarily submit to us when you purchase items from us, sign up for one of our services or programs, or register with our Site.  We may also collect PII from you if you subscribe to our email program, participate in sweepstakes, contests, and surveys, or in connection with content or suggestions you post on this Site.  Please note that message and data fees may apply if you register for mobile alerts.
We may use your PII to: process and fulfill your order; notify you of your order status; provide you with mobile alerts; prevent fraud and otherwise provide you with customer service; respond to your inquiries and requests; create an account and register you as a registered Site user; to send you information regarding this Site, as well as about our products, programs or services; customize your experience on this Site and on other SHO Sites; or provide you with other services. We may also use the PII we collect from and about you for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products and services, enhancing our Site, improving our services, personalizing your experiences, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
We also collect certain information about your use of the Site ("Usage-Information" - for example, interests, hobbies, lifestyle choices, groups with whom you are affiliated) from you when you visit this Site.  Usage Information may be collected from you through cookies, pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear gifs), local shared objects, device ID, and other technologies (collectively, "Cookies"), which are small bits of information placed on your device (computer, tablet, smartphone) or web browser. We and our third party service providers also use these technologies to identify your IP address, browser type, domain name, and specific web pages through which you click. This information is collected automatically and utilized to help us look for trends to improve our Site and your interactive experience, Site operations, and fraud prevention. This technology also allows us to recognize you when you return to this Site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you.
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over certain Cookies by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function.  If you do elect to disable cookies, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience on this Site and on other SHO sites.
Some Site features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow our Site to determine your physical location. Such technologies may include IP address mapping, WiFi, GPS signals, cell tower positioning or other technologies. We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers, products and services that may be of interest to you. For example, this Site may help you find your closest store or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location. SHO has no control over your device settings, but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered by this Site.
We also may collect other information about you from third parties, including, demographic information (such as number of household members, age, and gender) and information about your purchase preferences.  We use this information to customize your experience on our Site and on other SHO family of business Sites, and to provide you with the most relevant products, services and offers.
What Information Do We Share and with Whom?
We do not rent or sell your PII to marketers outside the SHO family of businesses, unless indicated in this Privacy Policy or you otherwise authorize us to do so.
We may share your information with members of the SHO family of businesses and related and unrelated business partners to provide you with products or services that you have requested, and promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you. This includes all SHO affiliates, Sears Holdings, as well as other selected businesses, with which SHO or its affiliates have a relationship and which have agreed to adhere to our strict standards for providing quality products and services, responding to your needs, and protecting customer information.
We may share your PII with service providers that need access to your PII to provide operational or other support services, such as credit card processors, shipping agents, installation and delivery, call center and live chat support, and product fulfillment vendors, who must maintain reasonable security procedures and practices safeguard your PII. Unless otherwise disclosed to you, our service providers are prohibited from using your PII for their own marketing purposes.
We may provide information about you to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law or when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to requests from government authorities. There may be instances when we may use or disclose your information in order to protect or defend the legal rights or property of SHO or its affiliated companies or their employees or agents, to protect the rights, privacy, safety or security of users, members or others, and to protect against fraud.
SHO may sell, transfer and/or share some or all of its assets to third parties in connection with a merger, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy.  In such an event, PII may be one of the assets transferred. You will be notified via email or a notice on our Site of any such change in ownership or control of our PII.
How Do We Handle PII Collected from Children?
This Site is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect PII from children under 13 years of age.  If we have actual knowledge of children under age 18 using the Site, their PII will be deleted from our systems.
What About Links to Other Sites?
This Site may contain links to other websites that are not owned and operated by SHO. SHO is not responsible for the privacy practices of non-affiliated websites. You should read the privacy policies of these non-affiliated websites.
Interest-Based Ads & Online Advertisements
This Site may carry advertisements from other companies. Some of these advertisements may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we know about your online activities over time and across different websites you may visit.
We also partner with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf on other non-affiliated third party websites. Some of the ads may be personalized, meaning that they are intended to be relevant to you based on what we know about your online activities over time and across different websites you may visit.
If you wish to exercise certain choices regarding receiving personalized advertising from us or third parties, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance's Opt-Out page to opt-out of certain Cookies collected for such purposes. You can also visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org and the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/ for more information about online behavioral advertising.
These opt-out mechanisms rely on Cookies to remember your choices with respect to ad-serving on websites. If you delete your Cookies, use another device, or change browsers, you will need to repeat this process. In addition, opting out of interest-based ads will not opt you out of all ads, but rather only those ads that are personalized to your interests based on activities observed on our Site and/or websites not owned and operated by SHO for each advertising network you opt-out of.
Is My Information Secure?
We maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards designed to protect your information. Your information is located on a secured server behind a firewall, and encryption using secure socket layer technology ("SSL") for sensitive PII.  While we work very hard to protect your privacy, no method of security is 100% effective, and we cannot be responsible for the actions of those who may gain unauthorized access to your information. SHO makes no warranties, express, implied or otherwise, as to the ultimate effectiveness of its reasonable and appropriate safeguards. If you have reason to believe that your use of the Site is no longer secure, please contact us as detailed below.
How Can I Access My PII?
You can personalize your experience on this Site and SHO family of businesses' sites by becoming a registered member. By registering, you will be able to tell us what products and services interest you, and whether you wish to receive email about special sales, promotions and other events. Once registered, you can review and maintain your account information at any time by visiting your account settings.  Your account information is secure and is accessible by using a password that you select.  To become a registered member, or to modify your current preferences, log into your account at the web sites below.
Can I "Opt-Out" of Receiving Promotional Emails?
From time to time, we may send you emails with promotional offers and messages. If you would no longer like to receive emails with promotional offers and messages from this Site, you can unsubscribe from these emails by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each promotional email. Your email address will be removed from this SiteÃ?Â¢??s email marketing list within 10 days. Please note that you may still receive transactional, relationship or other non-promotional emails (e.g., order confirmations, shipping notices, statements, important information regarding a product you have purchased).
Will I Receive Notice of Changes to the Privacy Policy?
SHO may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. Please check our Privacy Policy periodically for changes. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
How May I Contact You?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us via our web sites at:
Because email communications are not always secure, please do not include credit card or other financial information, health or prescription-related information or other sensitive information in your email to us.
