This Privacy Notice applies to the use of the website http://www.kia.com/eu/
2. Data Controller
The responsible data controller for any personal data collected and processed in connection with the use of the website http://www.kia.com/eu/ is Kia Motors Europe GmbH ("KIA", "we" or "us"):
Kia Motors Europe GmbH
3. Contact Details and Data Protection Officer
3.1 If you have any questions etc. about or in connection with this Privacy Notice or would like to complain about our handling of your personal data or exercise any of your rights (see 8. below), please contact us by using one of the following contact details:
Kia Motors Europe GmbH
Eva Jung
Email: Eva.jung@steep.de
4. Data Subjects
This Privacy Notice applies to the collection and processing of personal data of users of the website http://www.kia.com/eu/ .
5. Categories of Data, Purposes of the Processing and Legal Basis
• the categories of personal data we collect from you or from third parties (e.g., public authorities or public resources) in addition to other personal data that you actively provide to us (e.g., when you send an e-mail to us);
• the purposes for which we process these personal data; and
• the legal basis for the collection and processing of your personal data (unless otherwise provided, e.g., at the time we collect the data from you) we collect and process your personal data.
Please note that we process your personal data for other purposes only if we are obligated to do so on the basis of legal requirements (e.g., transfer to courts or criminal prosecution authorities), if you have consented to the respective processing or if the processing is otherwise lawful under applicable law. If processing for another purpose takes place, we may provide you with additional information.
6. Recipients and Categories of Recipients
Any access to your personal data at KIA is restricted to those individuals that have a need to know in order to fulfill their job responsibilities.
KIA may transfer your personal data for the respective purposes to the recipients and categories of recipients listed below – more details regarding the recipients and categories of recipients mentioned under 6.1 and 6.2 below can be found in the Appendix Website Data and Cookies .
6.1 Private third parties – Affiliated or unaffiliated private bodies other than us.
6.2 Data processors – Certain third parties, whether affiliated or unaffiliated, may receive your personal data to process such data on behalf of KIA under appropriate instructions as necessary for the respective processing purposes. The data processors will be subject to contractual obligations to implement appropriate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard the personal data, and to process the personal data only as instructed.
6.3 Governmental authorities, courts, external advisors, and similar third parties that are public bodies as required or permitted by applicable law.
7. Cross-Border Data Transfer
Some of the recipients of your personal data will be located or may have relevant operations outside of your country and the EU, such as in the Republic of Korea, where the data protection laws may provide a different level of protection compared to the laws in your jurisdiction and with regard to which an adequacy decision by the European Commission does not exist. The countries which provide an adequate level of data protection from a European data protection law perspective include Andorra, Argentina, Canada, Switzerland, Faeroe Islands, Guernsey, the State of Israel, Isle of Man, Jersey, New Zealand and the Eastern Republic of Uruguay. Recipients in the US may partially be certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and thereby recognized as providing an adequate level of data protection from a European data protection law perspective. With regard to data transfers to such recipients outside of the EU we provide appropriate safeguards, in particular, by way of entering into data transfer agreements adopted by the European Commission (e.g. Standard Contractual Clauses (2010/87/EU and/or 2004/915/EC)) with the recipients or taking other measures to provide an adequate level of data protection. A copy of the respective measure we have taken is available via our data protection officer (see 2.3 above).
Details regarding cross-border data transfers, existence or absence of adequacy decisions and the appropriate safeguards taken with regard to cross-border data transfers can be found in the Appendix Website Data and Cookies .
8. Storage Period
Your personal data is stored by KIA and/or our service providers, strictly to the extent necessary for the performance of our obligations and strictly for the time necessary to achieve the purposes for which the personal data is collected, in accordance with applicable data protection laws. When KIA no longer needs to process your personal data, we will erase it from our systems and/or records and/or take steps to properly anonymize it so that you can no longer be identified from it (unless we need to keep your information to comply with legal or regulatory obligations to which KIA is subject. E.g., personal data contained in contracts, communications, and business letters may be subject to statutory retention requirements, which may require retention of up to 10 years. If applicable, any other personal data will in principle be deleted 5 years after the termination of the respective related contractual relationship between you and KIA, if applicable). For more detailed information regarding the actual storage periods please refer to the Appendix Website Data and Cookies .
9. Your Rights
If you have declared your consent for any personal data processing activities, you can withdraw this consent at any time with future effect. Such a withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to the consent withdrawal.
Pursuant to applicable data protection law you may have the right to: request access to your personal data, request rectification of your personal data; request erasure of your personal data, request restriction of processing of your personal data; request data portability, and object to the processing of your personal data. Please note that these aforementioned rights might be limited under the applicable national data protection law. For further information on these rights please refer to Appendix Your Rights.
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. To exercise your rights please contact us as stated in section (3.) above.
10. Cookies and similar technologies
10.1 Cookies. When you use our website, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits of our website. Your web browser may provide you with some options regarding cookies. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies, you may not be able to utilize the features of the services provided via our website to their fullest potential. We may use third party cookies in connection with the services provided via our website as well. For instance, we use Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. We may not process or respond to web browsers' "do not track" signals or other similar transmissions that indicate a request to disable online tracking of users who visit our website or use the services provided via our website.
10.2 Clear GIFs/Web Beacons. Clear GIFs (also known as Web Beacons) are typically transparent very small graphic images (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel) that are placed on a website that may be included on our services provided via our website and typically work in conjunction with cookies to identify our users and user behavior.
10.3 How we use cookies and similar technologies, in particular, for profiling. We may use cookies and automatically collected information to: (i) personalize our website and the services provided via our website, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your use of, or the next time you use, our website and the services provided via our website; (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information on the basis of profiling; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of our website and the services provided via our website and third-party marketing activities on the basis of profiling; (iv) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities offered through our website and the services provided via our website (profiling). Tracking technology (profiling) also helps us manage and improve the usability of the website, (i) detecting whether there has been any contact between your computer and us in the past and (ii) to identify the most popular sections of the website.
10.4 For detailed information regarding cookies and related data processing activities please refer to the Appendix Website Data and Cookies.
11. Changes to the Website Privacy Notice
This privacy notice may require an update from time to time – e.g. due to the implementation of new technologies or the introduction of new services. We reserve the right to change or supplement this Website Privacy Notice at any time. We will publish the changes on http://www.kia.com/eu/ and/or inform you accordingly (e.g., via email or hard copy letter communication).
Appendix Your Rights
(a) Right of access: You may have the right to obtain from us confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the personal data. The access information includes – inter alia – the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned, and the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed. However, this is not an absolute right and the interests of other individuals may restrict your right of access.
You may have the right to obtain a copy of the personal data undergoing processing. For further copies requested by you, we may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
(b) Right to rectification: You may have the right to obtain from us the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you. Depending on the purposes of the processing, you may have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
(c) Right to erasure ("right to be forgotten"): Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you and we may be obliged to erase such personal data.
(d) Right to restriction of processing: Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to obtain from us restriction of processing your personal data. In this case, the respective data will be marked and may only be processed by us for certain purposes.
(e) Right to data portability: Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to receive the personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to transmit those data to another entity without hindrance from us.
(f) Right to object: Under certain circumstances, you may have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, or where personal data are processed for direct marketing purposes at any time to the processing of your personal data by us and we can be required to no longer process your personal data.
Moreover, if your personal data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for such marketing, which includes profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. In this case your personal data will no longer be processed for such purposes by us.
Sitemap
The fuel consumption and emission values are determined according to the prescribed measuring procedures (§ 2 Nos. 5, 6, 6a Pkw-EnVKV in the respectively valid version).
The data do not refer to an individual vehicle and are not part of the offer, but serve only for comparison purposes between the different vehicle types. The fuel consumption and CO₂ emissions of a vehicle depend not only on the efficient use of fuel by the vehicle, but are also influenced by driving behaviour and other non-technical factors. CO₂ is the main greenhouse gas responsible for global warming.
Further information on official fuel consumption and the official specific CO₂ emissions of new passenger cars can be found in “Leitfaden über den Kraftstoffverbrauch, die CO₂-Emissionen und den Stromverbrauch neuer Personenkraftwagen” (Guide on fuel consumption, CO₂ emissions and electricity consumption of new passenger cars), which is available free of charge at all sales outlets and from DAT Deutsche Automobil Treuhand GmbH, Hellmuth-Hirth-Straße 1, 73760 Ostfildern (www.dat.de).
Illustrations may show optional equipment available at extra cost.
