GENERAL
By using our products or services, you affirm that you are 18 years or older and you agree to this Privacy Policy and the collection and use of information contemplated hereby. This Privacy Policy supersedes any earlier version.
When you sign up for our Service including demos and trials, we may ask you for personal information (“Personal Information”) such as your name, home or other physical address, email address and password, phone number, age information, and credit card or other payment information etc. You may also be asked to choose a unique username, a password, a security question and an answer to the security question . If you choose not to provide requested Personal Information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Service.
In addition, we may collect information regarding the browser type, browser language, referring URL, files accessed, errors generated, operating system, usage of our services, Internet Protocol address and your time zone. In case of products or services requiring payment, we may request credit card or other payment account information, which will be used solely for processing payments and shall not be stored on our system. The personal information that you provide will be kept confidential  and used to support your relationship with PEPPERI and to provide our services.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Employees, Agents or contractors of PEPPERI may have access to your Personal Information on a need to know basis for the purpose of performing services on behalf of PEPPERI and subject to their obligation to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose other than to carry out the Services or as otherwise required by law.
PEPPERI may transfer the information you provide to us in cases of merger with another organization, file for bankruptcy, or in case we sell our assets to a third party or share your Personal Information to the company with which we enter into such transaction as a part of such transaction.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
ACCESSING, UPDATING AND REMOVING PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon request we provide you with access to your personally identifiable information. You are entitled to request PEPPERI to correct, update or remove any such personally identifiable information. Such changes may take up to 24 hours to take effect.
COOKIES
In order to provide better service and for easier access to our websites  , we use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site.
LINKS FROM OUR WEBSITE
Some pages of our website contain external links. You are advised to verify the privacy practices of such other websites. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, sponsors or other websites to which we provide links from our websites. We encourage you to check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party website when linking to other websites.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect your Personal Information against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. For further details please see our Security Statement .
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in this notice. In such case we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of the changes in our policy and in such case you will be entitled to opt out of these new uses. We advise you to check back at our Web site periodically.
ENFORCEMENT OF PRIVACY POLICY
We make every effort to ensure that your personal information is used in accordance with this privacy policy. If you have any concerns regarding our adherence to this policy or the manner in which personal information is used on our websites, kindly contact our Customer Support Services at support@PEPPERI.com
for internet security available today. Read more…
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, we will assume that you are happy with it.
