The University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa provides the following information relating to your privacy when using websites in the manoa.hawaii.edu and hawaii.edu domains and their related subdomains. This privacy policy covers all of these websites, unless otherwise indicated on a specific website.
This website provides general information about the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa and its programs and services, and summarizes those major policies and procedures as they relate to students, faculty and staff. The websites’ content does not always reflect the most recent campus actions involving core courses, policies and/or programs. For the most recent information concerning said content, students should check with their advisors and the Student Transfer Handbook, which is published twice per year, during the months of October and March. Copies of the Handbook are available at counseling, academic advising and the library.
All tuition and fee charges at the University of Hawaiʻi campuses are subject to change in accordance with requirements of State law and/or action by the Board of Regents or the University administration.
The University reserves the right to change or delete, supplement or otherwise amend at any time the information, requirements and policies contained on this website (manoa.hawaii.edu) and on other University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa sites (xxx.hawaii.edu or hawaii.edu/xxx) and related hereto.
Privacy
Portions of this website may ask for personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, email address, other contact information) for the purposes of conducting internal marketing and development, for responding to your inquiries, and for other business of the University. The information gathered is governed by our Executive Policy EP 2.210, Use and Management of Information Technology Resources and by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA).
Portions of this site may utilize cookies to temporarily maintain information related your use of this site and for anonymously gathering statistical data about the site’s visitors.
We may reveal personally identifiable information about you to unaffiliated third parties:
if you request or authorize it;
if the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you;
if the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms of Use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.);
if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets);
if the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.); or
as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share information that does not personally identify you without restriction.
Executive Policy
University-wide polices and practices for the use of all University of Hawaiʻi website resources are intended to define and provide protection, access and guidelines to supplement existing laws and regulations. View the full Executive Policy, EP 2.210, Use and Management of Information Technology Resources .
Disclaimer
Except as specifically stated in this Website Disclaimer, or elsewhere on this website, or as otherwise required by applicable law, neither the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa nor its employees, content providers, affiliates or other representatives will be liable for damages of any kind (including, without limitation, lost profits, direct, indirect, compensatory, consequential, exemplary, special, incidental, or punitive damages) arising out of your use of, your inability to use, or the performance of this website or the content whether or not we have been advised of the possibility of such damages.
Links to Other Websites
This website may contain links to other websites on servers other than manoa.hawaii.edu and *.manoa.hawaii.edu (“external sites”). The University is not necessarily responsible for content on external websites nor does such linking constitute an official endorsement or approval of linked external sites and their content, accessibility, and availability.
Trademarks
The use of trade, firm, or corporation names on this website is for the information and convenience of the reader. Such use does not constitute an official endorsement or approval by the University of Hawaiʻi or any product or service to the exclusion of others which may be suitable.
Use of this site implies consent with the above.
#MakeMānoaYours
©2018 University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa • 2500 Campus Road • Honolulu, HI 96822 • (808) 956-8111
mobile-menu-searchform
