20 Jul 2011
AndroidCentral.com Privacy Policy
AndroidCentral.com will not share your information with third parties for any reason. Ever.
AndroidCentral.com respects your right to the privacy of the personal information you provide us on our Web sites. To that end, unless you designate otherwise or we state otherwise in this policy or at the time information is collected, any personal information you provide to AndroidCentral.com will be known only to two parties: you and AndroidCentral.com. The following policy is intended to explain how your personal information will be treated as you make use of our sites and their features. Personal information includes your name, street and e-mail addresses, billing information, click-through activity and any other personal information you may provide here. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
AndroidCentral.com Membership
In order to register to the site, registrants provide AndroidCentral.com with personal information including name and e-mail address. AndroidCentral.com keeps all such information strictly confidential and does not reuse, resell or redistribute it in any way.
Traffic data
Each time a visitor comes to the AndroidCentral.com Web site, our servers -- like most on the Web -- collect some basic technical information, including, for example, the visitor's domain name (e.g., whether the user is logged on from aol.com or whitehouse.gov), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to a AndroidCentral.com Web site) and browser and platform type (e.g., a Firefox browser on a Macintosh platform).
We also count, track and aggregate the visitor's activity into our analysis of general traffic flows at our sites (e.g. tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the AndroidCentral.com sites, etc.). To these ends, we may merge information about visitors and visits into group data, which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with our advertisers; but we will not disclose your individual identity or personally identifiable data without your permission. When we do present aggregated information to outside companies, no one will be able to identify you or contact you.
Use of AndroidCentral.com cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to identify unique browsers that visit us and to track usage throughout our site.
The information about readership and site usage that AndroidCentral.com collects through cookies is aggregated into general reports about readership and not tied to individual identities.
Other companies which place advertising on our site also have the ability to assign their cookies to you in a process that AndroidCentral.com does not control. However, cookies cannot be used to identify individuals, only machines, so these advertisers will not know who you are.
AndroidCentral.com Store
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or companies except to provide products or services you have requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Some downloadable software applications that we sell require the software developers to provide the customer with a registration code to convert trial versions into full versions. In these cases, we must provide the software developers with relevant customer information in order for them to generate a registration code and e-mail it to the customer. Although we strongly encourage software developers to follow strict privacy policies, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices that each of the software companies follow. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain developer or software company, you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites.
Promotion
From time to time, AndroidCentral.com may sponsor sweepstakes, contests or other events which require the collection, processing and storage of individual contact and demographic information (e.g., your age and state of residence) to be used for the event. AndroidCentral.com may also co-sponsor these events along with other companies, in which case the user's individual contact and demographic information is likely to be shared with other participating sponsors, who may use this information as they wish. A registrant's personal contact and demographic information will not be released to any third-party organization other than named sponsors without the user's consent, and AndroidCentral.com will request that such named sponsors uphold the privacy of the registrants' information by not distributing or sharing such information with any other businesses or organizations.
Surveys
AndroidCentral.com will from time to time conduct voluntary surveys of visitors to the site to obtain aggregate demographic information about them. Such information may be compiled and shared in the aggregate with advertisers and other third parties, but no personal details will be traceable or associated with specific individuals.
Our commitment to children's privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is important to us. For that reason, we do not collect or maintain information at our Web sites from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our Web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Other disclosure of personal information
AndroidCentral.com will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information (personally identifiable data such as your name, email address, password) without your consent except (i) as described in this privacy policy, or (ii) as required by law to be disclosed. This policy does not protect information you post to any on-line bulletin board, chat room, newsgroup or other public forum within our Web sites.
Unsubscribe and data removal policies
If you would like to remove your name and e-mail address from our registration database, you can send an e-mail requesting removal to acinfo@AndroidCentral.com ,and your account will be deleted.
Other sites
AndroidCentral.com contains many links to other sites on the Web. We cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other Web sites.
Who can I ask if I have any additional questions?
If you have any further questions or concerns about Salon's privacy policies and use of personal information, please send them to acinfo@AndroidCentral.com .
Copyright 2018 Mobile Nations
