Menu Using assistive devices, such as screen readers or speech recognition software? Please enable accessibility mode to get an optimal experience.
1. About Norwegian
Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA ("Norwegian") is a Norwegian company registered in the Brønnøysund Register Centre with organisation number: NO 965 920 358 MVA. As an airline company, we offer routes to destinations in Europe, North Africa, the Middle East, Asia, the Caribbean, South America and North America. In addition to booking flights, we also help you plan your trips by enabling you to reserve hotels, rental cars etc provided by our selected partners on our website. Whether or not you have made a booking, you may choose to register a profile with us, and you may also sign up as a member of our customer loyalty program 'Norwegian Reward' to be able to take benefit of our products and services.
More information can be found in the Terms and Conditions for Norwegian by clicking here.
When you use our website, our mobile application or our other digital services, we collect, use and process your personal data. The protection and confidentiality of these personal data is important to us, and we are determined to protect it.
In this Privacy Policy, we explain how we are processing your personal data, what category of personal data these activities involve, the purpose and the legal basis for these processing activities. We also explain when and why your personal data are disclosed to a third party.
We also inform you of your rights related to our processing of your personal data in this Privacy Policy, and any transfer we may make of your personal data.
2. General statement of applicability of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to our collection, use and processing of your personal data. We collect, use and process your personal information when you use our service as our customer or potential customer. This includes when you use our websites or mobile applications, book our flights or other services either by yourself or through third parties (e.g., travel agents or other airlines), or communicate with us by phone, e-mail, social media or alike.
Please note that when you interact and/or communicate with any other service provider this Privacy Policy do not apply. You are entitled to contact the relevant provider so as to receive information about the collection, use, processing and protection of your personal data by the corresponding service provider. Your personal data related to interactions with any of these service providers that are sent to or received by us as part of our service is however regulated by this Privacy Policy.
Norwegian is the “controller” concerning the processing of your personal information under this Privacy Policy. This means Norwegian is responsible for defining the purposes for processing your personal data and also for compliance with the data protection legislation. The address and our contact details can be found at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
3. Norwegian's processing of your personal data
3.1 Introduction
This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and disclose your personal data when you use our service and otherwise interact with us as described below. It explains our data processing activities, their purpose, what category of personal data that these activities involve and the legal basis for these processing activities.
3.2 Booking your ticket or other services
When you book a flight or other products or services from Norwegian, you will be asked to provide information such as your name, phone number, e-mail address, payment details, and Reward membership number, where applicable; if you have a registered profile with us. Depending on your specific booking details, additional information might be requested, such as your passport number, date of birth etc. In addition, when you request special assistance, such as special diet or wheel chair services, you might need to provide related sensitive data such as your health condition.
When you change your booking or otherwise seek other support from us, we will process the above-mentioned personal information we have collected from you. Your name as well as your contact information will be used by us to keep you informed of your bookings. This includes sending you reminders by SMS or email regarding your flight, e.g. check-in open or gate change information, and notification of any disruption if your flight is delayed or cancelled. Your travel with us usually involves services provided by third parties, and we will disclose your name, contact details and other relevant information, where necessary to that third party. The purpose of these processing activities is to provide you with the products and services you have booked from us.
You also have to provide your payment details (e.g. card number and expiry date) in addition to other personal data to complete your payment. These data, in particular your name, address, e-mail address and IP address will be disclosed to our payment services providers, for the purpose of receiving your payment and completing your booking. If you request for refund of your payment, these data will also be processed.
To fulfill our legal obligations, we may disclose your data to e.g. your card issuer, airport security, or the police. For this purpose, the data we process may include your name, address, e-mail address, IP address, payment details and passport details.
The information you have provided for the purposes of booking and booking management will be stored up to 10 years until it is not necessary for us to protect and defend Norwegian.
The legal basis for the processing of your data as described in this section is your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions under which you book from us and our legitimate interests to operate our business, or otherwise that it is necessary to fulfill our legal obligations.
3.3 Registering your profile and managing your account
You are welcome to register your profile with Norwegian. This will improve and simplify your booking experience and enable us to give you more relevant communications on the web-page and in other channels, as well as enabling you to set up how you like us to communicate with you. This also enables us to provide you with more relevant communications on the web-page and in other channels. For these purposes, we will collect your personal data such as your email, address, gender, or mobile number and other information we ask you but that you are free to give you would like to provide us. You will then be provided with a personalized user account on our website or mobile applications, which you can access via your computer or devices. You may at any time manage your personal account by logging in with your email and your password.
Your profile data will be deleted upon your request. This request for data deletion can be done from your account page, available after you have logged in. See more information about your rights in section 6.
The legal basis for processing your personal data as described in this section is your acceptance of the terms and conditions under which you book from us, in addition to your acceptance of the terms and conditions for registering your profile, and our legitimate interests to operate and manage our business
3.4 Personalizing your account
Norwegian aims to make our service and communications more individualized and user friendly. We want your experience with us to be relevant to your personal preferences and needs. In order to do this, we use data about how you use our digital services (web, e-mail. App, etc.) and merge it with other data we have about you to figure out what information you most likely would like to receive, how you would like us to communicate with you, through which channels and at what frequency, etc.
When you start a new booking, we may, depending on your previous bookings, pre-fill your information into your current booking form, which were collected from your former booking process. This include, for instance, the departure airport you have searched for or travelled from, your name and contact information. The purpose of this processing is to simplify your booking process so that your time and efforts are saved.
You can opt out of personalization through your account page and by changing the setting “Automatic use of data” to off. This will stop our profiling / personalization of your data and delete the data that is only needed for this processing.
The legal basis for processing your personal data as described in this section is your acceptance of the terms under which you book from us, in addition to your acceptance of the terms and conditions for registering your profile, and our legitimate interests to operate and manage our business.
3.5 Customer Support
Norwegian has various forms of customer support in order to help you. For us to be able to provide you with customer support, we will process your personal data to identify you and help you as best we can. On our website, you will be able to start a LiveChat or submit a questionnaire form, or and you can also contact us by phone, via email or letters, or by through social media; and when you communicate with us via any of these means, we will help you with inquiries, questions or feedbacks concerning our services. Depending on your inquiry, question or feedback, you may be asked to provide additional personal data, such as your credit card number or your Reward membership number.
After you have contacted Customer Support, we will examine the content of our communication with you, for instance, the recording of our communication with you when we deal with your complaint. This is to control the quality of the service we have provided to you. For this purpose, your personal data such as your name, contact detail and Reward membership number may be processed.
To maintain our service level, we may conduct data testing regarding our websites and mobile applications when an error occurs or when any change is made to our system, and this involves processing your personal data. This enables us to debug (to eliminate technical errors) our systems, to correctly display any changes made by you or us that is relevant to you, and to ensure the proper functioning of these websites and mobile applications.
We also produce reports and statistics by analyzing the data you have provided to us, such as your name, contact details, and Reward membership number. The purpose is to improve our service and to provide you a better user experience next time when you use our services.
If we detect irregular activities on your account, we will take necessary steps. These might include processing your personal data.
The information you have provided for the purposes of booking and booking management will be stored for 10 years and until it is not necessary for our protection and defense of Norwegian.
The legal basis for the processing of your data as described in this section is your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions under which you use our services and our legitimate interests to operate our business.
3.6 Marketing
Aiming to help you make the most of the offers provided by us, we will send you or in other ways make you aware of various activities and offers via email, which may include newsletter, e-shots, unique offers based on your preferences, or information on other special or seasonal offers. For this purpose we will process your e-mail address, booking history and campaign participation history.
We may also send you offers related to your upcoming flights via email; for this purpose we will process your e-mail address and booking history. In addition, we will also remind you via email about your uncompleted booking, and provide you easy access to your uncompleted booking process; for this purpose your email address and your web-behavior data concerning your uncompleted booking will be processed.
Norwegian strives to be as relevant as possible for each customer across different digital channels. If you have visited our website, we may present relevant offers to you on other digital media based on your web clicks. Anonymized IP in cookies will be processed for this purpose. When you visit our website without signing in to your user account, we will use your on-line behavior in order to present relevant offers through our internet portals, e-mail campaign and in other digital media. When you have signed in to your user account, we use the data you have registered with us, including booking and campaign participation history, on-line behavior and other data in order to try to communicate as relevant as possible to you.
For the purpose of improving our communications with you, we also carry out market research, which can be conducted by using your personal data to connect various data sets. Personal data in analytical data sets will always be deleted after the analysis.
You are free to delete your personal data used for marketing by deleting your profile on the account page. As for anonymous user cookies, they are not identifiable to a specific person but will nonetheless be deleted according to industry practice, or by yourself - see chapter 5 of this privacy policy.
The legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent and our legitimate interests to operate and improve our business. You will be able to manage your consents to this processing when you sign-up your profile with us or at any time later by clicking on settings in your user account. Please note that withdrawal of any consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that has taken place based on a consent given prior to the withdrawal.
3.7 When you access our WiFi portal onboard our flights
Onboard a Norwegian flight we are able to offer you access to WiFi so that you as a passenger can connect your computer or device to the internet. You will be able to do so by logging on to the open network in the aircraft. We may also, through our in-flight WiFi-service offer you entertainment, e.g. in the form of movies of your choice. For these purposes we will process your personal data in order to identify you and also your device. If you choose to purchase inflight entertainment through our WiFi-service, we will ask for your credit card details.
Purchases will be stored for a maximum of 10 years, other data will be deleted upon your request.
The legal basis for processing your personal data related to your use our WIFI services is your consent.
4. Why personal data are disclosed by Norwegian
We do not sell your personal data for marketing purposes to other companies. We may only share your personal data as follows:
When part of your booking involves service provided by a third party, we may share your personal data with these third parties;
With our third-party service providers, who perform operations or work on our behalf and on our instructions as data processors, for the purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy;
To protect and defend Norwegian (including enforcing any applicable terms and conditions); or
To public authorities or governments when required by law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
We may also share aggregated data with our business partners and group of companies for various purposes, such as for improving our service, for system administration, statistics, research and analysis.
If you do not wish to provide your personal data to us, we may not be able to provide the service you request, or to inform you about other products and services offered by us.
5. Cookies and similar technologies
When you visit our website or use our mobile applications we collect certain information by automated means using cookies. Cookies are small text files stored on your device when you visit a website. When you first visit a website, a cookie file is sent to your device that identifies your browser.
By using cookies you help Norwegian improve the functionality of our website. They are important to reduce download time and improve your user experience. The cookie will collect information about how visitors use our websites and thus provide us useful information about how we can provide a better customer experience and improve our services.
We also use cookies for authentication purposes so that you do not have to provide your credentials every time you visit our website. These cookies are strictly necessary for the proper functioning of the service. By adjusting the technical settings in your browser you can prevent the storage and accessing of cookies on your device. However, please note that if you disable cookies you may not be able to use the services on our website or our mobile applications.
Lastly, we use cookies for marketing purposes. These cookies are placed on our website by marketing partners of Norwegian, who act as intermediaries in between ourselves and advertisers. We use these cookies to serve more relevant information and personal offers through advertising, measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns and limit how often we display each advertisement.
If the settings on your mobile devices permit our mobile applications to collect location information, we will collect that information automatically. This Privacy Policy governs how we use this information when we associate it with your personal data.
Note that you can manage how your mobile device can share location information with us, as well as how your browser handles cookies and related technologies by adjusting your device' privacy and security settings. Please refer to the instructions provided by your browser provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
In addition to use your browser settings, you can also opt out of many of our display ads. If you see such ads displayed on our website, you can opt out by clicking on the X among the blue adchoice button in the top right corner of the ad, and the ad will no longer be displayed.
If you want to learn more about how behavioral advertising works, see in depth information about cookies and the steps you can take to protect your privacy on the internet on Your Online Choices: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ .
6. Your rights
You have the right to request access, rectification, restriction and deletion of your personal data held by us, and to receive a copy of your personal data in a structured machine-readable format. If you have a registered profile, you may at all times update, correct or delete information you have provided to us. Inquiries regarding processing of personal data and access request shall be directed to the point of contact provided below.
You also have rights to object to some processing and, where we have asked for your consent to process your data, to withdraw this consent. Where we process your data because we have a legitimate interest in doing so (as explained above), you also have a right to object to this. These rights may be limited in some situations – for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your data.
Where we require personal data to comply with legal or contractual obligations, then provision of such data is mandatory. If such data is not provided, then we will not be able to manage our contractual relationship, or to meet obligations placed on us. In all other cases, provision of requested personal data is optional.
Your personal data will be retained in accordance with the provisions of the various subsections of section 3. You can at any time delete your user account on our webpage.
7. Transfer of personal data to other countries
Transfer of personal data to a third country outside of the EEA that does not provide adequate protection will only take place if appropriate safeguards are provided, e.g., by Binding Corporate Rules, entering into EU Standard Contractual Clauses or if the receiving party is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. If you have any questions relating to this, please contact us at the contact point provided below. We may transfer aggregated data to third parties (domestic and/or foreign) for the purposes of i) improving or developing our website and mobile application or any equipment related to specific services and ii) for the proper functioning of our website and mobile application and of the equipment.
8. Privacy Policies of third parties
This Privacy Policy only addresses the collection, use and disclosure of personal data by Norwegian. Other parties we cooperate with and other websites that may be accessible through this website have their own privacy policies and practices. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies provided by all third parties prior to providing them with information or taking advantage of an offer or promotion. Although we try to cooperate only with third parties that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not in any way responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other third parties. 
9. Changes and amendments to this policy
From time to time, we may update or amend this Privacy Policy to reflect new or different privacy practices, without notice to you. we invite you to review the latest version of this Privacy Policy.
We will place a notice on this website and/or otherwise communicate to you when we make material changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the modified terms, you must discontinue the use of our service and delete your account, where applicable.
10. Jurisdiction and applicable law
This Privacy Policy shall, save for mandatory local law, be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Norway and be subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Norway.
11. How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions or comments about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy. You can reach us online . You can reach us via mail directed to:
Data Protection Officer Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA
Postboks 115
1330 Fornebu
If you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. The relevant data protection authority will be the Norwegian Data Protection Authority.
Effective date: May 2nd, 2018 / Last updated: May 2nd, 2018
Plan and book your flight
To the top
© 2018 Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA. Please note that this is a Norwegian retail site, hence Norwegian legislation and rules apply to any fees and/or charges.
Find out more and see how to enable cookies
You're currently using the accessible version on a desktop device.
You're currently using the desktop version on a mobile device.
Turn off accessibility mode. Switch to the mobile version.
×
