Categories
One suggestion found. Use up and down keys to navigate.
Multiple suggestions found. Use up and down keys to navigate.
Effective Date of our Revised Privacy Policy: May 1, 2018
This summary is intended to help you better understand the most recent changes to the Privacy Policy and how they may impact you.
You will be bound by the Privacy Policy when you view, access, or otherwise use the covered products and services. To fully understand the changes and terms that will govern your use of our “Services,” you will need to read the full Privacy Policy .
Introduction - Designated Countries. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland.
Section 1 – Information we collect about you
Section 1(a) We clarify that you are not obligated to provide us personal data beyond the limited data we need for you to register your account or to engage in a particular activity.
Section 1(e) We clarify that when a school purchases Services for students, it is responsible for obtaining consent from parents/legal guardians for children under 16, or younger depending on the jurisdiction.
Section 2 – Where we store your data. We clarify that we may transfer data to countries that may have data protection laws that differ from those of your country.
Section 5 – Updating or correcting your personal data. We clarify how you may exercise the following data protection rights: the right of deletion, the right to amend or rectify your personal data, the right to object to the use of your personal data, the right to restrict processing of your data, the right of access, and the right of portability.
Section 6 – Canceling your account or deleting your personal data. We clarify why we may retain data after you have closed your account.
Section 7 – Choices regarding control of your personal data. We clarify how you can request a copy of your personal data in machine readable format.
Section 8 – Lawful bases for processing. As before, we will only collect and process your personal data when we have lawful bases for doing so. These lawful bases include when you provide us consent, when we have a contractual obligation to collect or process your personal data, and when we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data.
Section 9 – Information related to data collected through the Services. We added language to make clear that in cases in which we are acting as a service provider (e.g., when an employer has purchased the Services for use by its employees), end users should refer to the privacy policy of the organization (i.e. the data controller) sponsoring the services to understand how their data will be handled in such cases.
Section 11 – Cookies and other technologies. We added language to clarify that the Lynda.com Cookie Policy contains information about your choices around cookies and how we respond to ‘Do Not Track’ signals.
Section 15 – How do you contact us with questions? We describe how users in Designated Countries can contact our Data Protection Officer.
 
We’ll send you a confirmation email shortly.
Sign up and receive emails about lynda.com and our online training library:
new course releases
general communications
special notices
Here’s our privacy policy with more details about how we handle your information.
Keep up with news, tips, and latest courses with emails from lynda.com.
Sign up and receive emails about lynda.com and our online training library:
new course releases
general communications
special notices
   
Terms and conditions of use
We've updated our terms and conditions (now called terms of service). Go
Review and accept our updated terms of service.
You are now leaving Lynda.com and will be automatically redirected to LinkedIn Learning to start your free trial.
To access Lynda courses again, please sign up for a free trial on LinkedIn Learning, which features all the same courses you know and love.
We will automatically redirect you to LinkedIn Learning now.
