Effective 5/31/17
The California Department of Technology (CDT), which runs the Data.ca.gov web site, protects privacy rights of individuals.  CDT follows Article 1 of the California Constitution, the Information Practices Act of 1977, the Information Practices Act (Civil Code Section 1798 et seq.), the Public Records Act (Government Code Section 6250 et seq.), Government Code Sections 11015.5 and 11019.9, and other applicable laws pertaining to information privacy.  This Privacy Policy only applies to the Data.ca.gov web site run by CDT.
“Electronically collected personal information” that we automatically collect includes your domain name or Internet Protocol (IP) address, and statistical information about which web pages you visit.  If you voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for specific information (i.e., completing a request for assistance, sending an e-mail, or participating in a survey) more detailed data will be collected.  If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will not affect your ability to use any other feature of the web site.
If any personal information is requested on the web site or volunteered by users, it is governed by California Civil Code section 1798 et seq., Government Code 11015.5, the California Public Records Act, and the Federal Privacy Act. This information may become a public record once it is provided and except for electronically collected information, it may be subject to public inspection and copying if not otherwise protected by federal or state law.
Government Code § 11015.5 prohibits agencies from distributing or selling any electronically collected personal information about users to any third party without the permission of the user. CDT does not sell electronically collected personal information.
CDT adheres to the following principles in regards to personal information:
1.      CDT collects personal information on individuals only as allowed by law. CDT limits the collection of personal information to what is relevant and necessary to accomplish its lawful purpose. For example, CDT may need to know an individual’s e-mail address or telephone number in order to answer the individual’s questions or in order to provide requested assistance.
2.      CDT does not collect home, business or e-mail addresses, or account information from persons who simply browse the Data.ca.gov web site. Personal information is collected only if an individual provides such information voluntarily through e-mail, registration forms, or surveys, for example. This information will be used to respond to the person or improve the web site. The information collected in this manner is not subject to requests made pursuant to the Public Records Act, and site visitors may request to have their information discarded without reuse or distribution.
3.      CDT uses Google Analytics to help improve the web site. Google tracking cookies may be used to provide information to Google Analytics.  The Data.ca.gov web site may use Google Analytics to track web site statistics. Google’s tracking code identifies device IP addresses, but the Data.ca.gov web site is anonymizing that information and only part of device IP addresses are being used. No information identifying you or your device is being stored via our use of Google Analytics. You can find out more about Google Analytics anonymized IP addresses by clicking here .
4.      CDT’s use of your e-mail. You may choose to provide personal information, as in e-mail with a comment or question. CDT uses the information to improve service to you or to respond to you. Sometimes CDT forwards your e-mail to other State employees who may be better able to help, and this staff may be employed by a different agency within the State. Except for authorized law enforcement investigations or, as required by law, CDT does not share e-mail with any other organizations.  Submission of an email to CDT, its staff and/or communication through the web site does not create any attorney-client or other privileged or confidential relationship.  Do not disclose any information to CDT that you wish to remain private or confidential.
5.      CDT provides people who provide personal information with an opportunity to review that information. Individuals who provide personal information are allowed to review the information and contest its accuracy or completeness.
6.      CDT uses your personal information only as specified and consistent with those purposes; unless CDT obtains your consent, or as required by law. The Public Records Act exists to ensure that the public has a right access appropriate records possessed by state and local agencies.  In the event of a conflict between this Policy and the Public Records Act, the Information Practices Act, or other law governing the disclosure of records, the applicable law will control.
7.      How CDT collects and uses your information. CDT collects personal information directly from individuals who volunteer to use some of our services. Collection of this information is required to deliver the specific services, but use of these services is voluntary.
8.      How CDT protects your information. CDT takes steps to safeguard the integrity of its telecommunications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring, and auditing.  Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day practices of the entire State operating environment as part of its continuing commitment to risk management.  This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via CDT’s web site.  The technical standards governing security are enforced by the Department of Finance.
If you do nothing during your visit to the web site but browse or download information, CDT automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit:
1.      A partial Internet Protocol address and domain name is collected, but not the e-mail address. The partial Internet Protocol address is used to direct Internet traffic to you without identifying you individually and generate statistics used in the management of this web site;
2.      The type of browser and operating system you used;
3.      The city and zip code you used it from;
4.      The date and time you visited this web site;
5.      The web pages or services you accessed at this web site;
6.      The web site you visited prior to coming to this web site;
7.      The web site you visit as you leave this web site, and;
8.      If you downloaded a form, the form that was downloaded.
The information CDT automatically collects  is used to help understand how people are using CDT’s services.  This information does not identify you personally.
CDT will provide additional explanations of this privacy policy, if requested. If any individuals have any further questions about this privacy policy, they are encouraged to contact CDT by email , by phone at (916) 319-9223, or by mail to:
California Department of Technology
Sacramento, CA 95814
