Questions? Want to Enroll? Call 866.559.5037 or email ibank@metabank.com .
Rev.March 2016
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and Transaction history
Credit history and Assets
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons MetaBank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does MetaBank share?
such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
information about your creditworthiness
No
No
Who is providing this notice?
This privacy policy is provided by MetaBank and applies to MetaBank products and services.
What we do
How does MetaBank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does MetaBank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example when you
Open an account or Apply for a loan
Make deposits or withdrawals from your account or provide account information
Make a wire transfer
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. [See below for more on your rights under state law.]
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
- MetaBank does not share with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
- MetaBank does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
- Our joint marketing partner(s) include nonaffiliated financial companies that we may partner with to jointly market financial products or services to you.
Other important information
Special Notice For State Residents
Residents of California or Vermont: we will not share with nonaffiliates except for our own marketing purposes, our everyday business purposes, or with your consent.
Residents of Nevada: We are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law.
Our Vision: Every Customer Leaves Saying, "I Love My Bank!"
Search MetaBank
