What is FERPA? FERPA stands for the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974. This legislation protects the privacy of your student records and regulates how information is utilized. Release of student records at Oregon State University is bound by the federal law (FERPA), the Oregon Revised Statutes, and by the Oregon Administrative Rules.
*Students' FERPA rights begin when they are considered a student at OSU. The institutional definition of a student is when an individual has registered for START or has registered for classes, whichever comes first.
To learn more about FERPA, please review these sources:
FERPA Forms
Confidentiality
NO information may be released about students who have established confidentiality of their records.
Students may restrict the release of their student information by completing a Confidentiality Request form. The Confidentiality Restriction prevents employees of OSU from providing any information, directory or confidential, to anyone who does not have a legitimate educational interest. When a confidentiality restriction is in place we can only discuss a student’s record with the student if they are present in person with picture identification. For students who have a confidentiality restriction in place but are unable to visit the office in person, the student may communicate with OSU offices via their OSU-issued email address (ONID name @ oregonstate.edu). Confidentiality does not mean anonymity in classes at OSU.
CORE Reports on FERPA Training
Now that FERPA training is hosted on Qualtrics, there is no completion certificate as in the past. Instead, we have worked with the CORE team to provide reporting mechanisms on FERPA training completion. Two CORE reports will help in identifying if someone has taken and passed their FERPA training. BIC2910 searches all employees in a selected organization, indicating who has completed FERPA training in the organization. BIC2911 allows one to search ID numbers to see if someone or a group of people have taken and passed their FERPA training. Both reports will include all employees, including students and GTAs. Note: Results do not display. Please allow up to 48 hours after the passing of one's training for information to appear in CORE.
Using Secure Credentials at OSU
In conducting tasks associated with one’s official role at Oregon State University, particularly tasks that involve disclosures of protected information, using secure credentials is paramount. OSU provides all employees and students with oregonstate.edu email accounts that have been vetted for appropriate security measures. These measures are the steps OSU takes to protect data. Further, these oregonstate.edu email accounts link to a verifiable identity established with the University and meet the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act for authentication. Third-party, personal accounts are not able to be verified as linked to a particular individual and, therefore, should not be used in discussing any student record information. This ensures email data remains protected through our contracted vendor and that email is sent from a verified identity.
Power of Attorney
The OSU Office of the Registrar does not accept Power of Attorney documents as a substitute for a consent to release information. If a student is unable to conduct their required interactions with the University for a particular reason, the student or student's representative should contact the Office of Student Life .
