HP Privacy Statement
HP recognizes that privacy is a fundamental human right and further recognizes the importance of privacy, security and data protection to our customers and partners worldwide. As a global organization, with legal entities, business processes, management structures, and technical systems that cross international borders, we strive to provide protections across all of our operations that exceed legal minimums and to deploy consistent, rigorous policies and procedures.
This Privacy Statement informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make and rights you can exercise in relation to your personal data, including information that may be collected from your online activity, use of devices, and interactions you have with HP offline, such as when you engage with our customer support representatives. This Privacy Statement applies to all HP companies as well as HP-owned websites, domains, services (including device management), applications, subscriptions (e.g. Instant Ink) and products, and those of our subsidiaries (collectively “HP Services”). In most cases, HP Inc. will be the data controller. If you have any questions regarding the data controller for a specific HP Service, you can contact the HP Privacy Office .
This Privacy Statement does not apply to third-party applications, products, services, websites or social media features that may be accessed through links we provide on our HP Services for your convenience and information. Accessing those links will cause you to leave the HP Services and may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by a third-party. We do not control, endorse or make any representations about those third-party websites or their privacy practices, which may differ from ours. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal data.
Please click here to access courtesy translations to the Privacy Statement. In case of inconsistencies between any courtesy translations and the English version of the Privacy Statement, the English version will prevail.
To download the current HP Privacy Statement, please click here and to download previous version of HP Privacy Statement, click here and for 2015 HP Privacy Statements, click here .
We have an accountability-based program and are committed to the following principles, which are based on internationally-recognized frameworks and principles of privacy and data protection:
Lawfulness, fairness & transparency
LAWFULNESS, FAIRNESS & TRANSPARENCY
We process personal data in accordance with law and with transparency and fairness to you. Our data processing activities are conducted: 1) with your consent; 2) in order to fulfill our obligations to you; 3) for the legitimate purposes of operating our business, advancing innovation and providing a seamless customer experience; or 4) otherwise in accordance with law.
NOTICE & CHOICE OF DATA USE
We are transparent and provide clear notice and choice to you about the types of personal data collected and the purposes for which it is collected and processed. We will not use personal data for purposes that are incompatible with these Principles, our Privacy Statement or specific notices associated with HP Services.
DATA ACCESS
We provide you with reasonable access along with the ability to review, correct, amend or delete the personal data you have shared with us.
DATA INTEGRITY & PURPOSE LIMITATION
We only use personal data for the purposes described at the time of collection or for additional compatible purposes in accordance with law. We take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is accurate, complete and current and we only collect personal data which is relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected. We will keep personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and then we will securely delete or destroy it.
DATA SECURITY
To protect personal data against unauthorized use or disclosure we implement strong information security controls in our own operations and offer market-leading products and solutions with high levels of data security protection.
ACCOUNTABILITY FOR ONWARD TRANSFER
We acknowledge our potential liability for transfers of personal data among HP entities or to third parties. Personal data will only be shared when third parties are obligated by contract to provide equivalent levels of protection.
RECOURSE, OVERSIGHT & ENFORCEMENT
We are committed to resolving any concerns regarding your personal data. We voluntarily participate in several international privacy programs that provide recourse to individuals if they feel HP has not adequately respected their rights.
 
As a global company, it is possible that any information you provide may be transferred to or accessed by HP entities worldwide in accordance with this Privacy Statement and on the basis of the following International Privacy Programs.
EU-US PRIVACY SHIELD
.
In compliance with EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, HP commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact the HP PRIVACY OFFICE
HP has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/
for more information and to file a complaint.
If your complaint is not resolved through the above channels, under limited circumstances you may be able to invoke binding arbitration before a Privacy Shield Panel.
HP is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, or any other U.S. authorized statutory body.
*The specific U.S.-based HP companies participating in the EU-US Privacy Framework include: Compaq Information Technologies, LLC; Hewlett-Packard Company Archives LLC; Hewlett-Packard Development Company, L.P.; Hewlett-Packard Enterprises, LLC; Hewlett-Packard Products CV 1, LLC; Hewlett-Packard Products CV 2, LLC; Hewlett-Packard World Trade, LLC; HP Federal LLC; HP Hewlett Packard Group LLC, HP Inc.; HPI Bermuda Holdings LLC; HPI Brazil Holdings LLC; HPI Federal LLC; HPI J1 Holdings LLC; HPI J2 Holdings LLC; HPI Luxembourg LLC; HPQ Holdings, LLC; Indigo America, Inc.; Palm Latin America, Inc.; Palm, Inc.; PrinterOn America Corporation; Shoreline Investment Management Company; and Tall Tree Insurance Company.
BINDING CORPORATE RULES
HP’s Binding Corporate Rules (“BCR”) ensure that personal data transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) is adequately protected while being processed by any of HP’s global entities. HP transfers of personal data from the EU are conducted in accordance with the following approved BCR.
HP’s BCR for Controller (“BCR-C”) - Approved by the majority of Data Protection Regulators in the EEA and Switzerland, effective in 2011. HP’s BCR-C cover transfers of the personal data of existing and prospective HP consumer customers, as well as HP employees and job candidates. More information about our BCR-C can be found here .
APEC CROSS-BORDER PRIVACY RULES
HP has received TrustArc's APEC Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TrustArc program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TrustArc seal. HP’s privacy practices described in this Statement comply with the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules System (“CBPR”), including transparency, accountability, and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The CBPR certification does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software on third-party platforms.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern related to HP’s APEC Certification that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTArc .
 
We collect and use personal data to manage your relationship with HP and better serve you when you are using HP Services by personalizing and improving your experience. Examples of how we use data include:
CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE
Providing you with a seamless customer experience by maintaining accurate contact and registration data, delivering comprehensive customer support, offering products, services, subscriptions and features that may interest you and enabling you to participate in contests and surveys. We also use your data to deliver a tailored experience, personalize the HP Services and communications you receive and create recommendations based your use of HP Services.
TRANSACTION SUPPORT
Assisting you in completing transactions and orders of our products or services, administering your account, processing payments, arranging shipments and deliveries and facilitating repairs and returns.
PRODUCT SUPPORT & IMPROVEMENT
Improving the performance and operation of our products, solutions, services and support, including warranty support and timely firmware and software updates and alerts to ensure the continued operation of the device or service. For more information, please see the section on Information Automatically Collected About Your Use of HP Services .
ADMINISTRATIVE COMMUNICATIONS
SECURITY
Maintaining the integrity and security of our websites, products, features and services and preventing and detecting security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activity that might compromise your information. When you interact with us, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your personal data. We may also maintain additional security measures, such as CCTV, to safeguard our physical locations.
BUSINESS OPERATIONS
Conducting ordinary business operations, verifying your identity, making credit decisions if you apply for credit, conducting business research and analytics, corporate reporting and management, staff training and quality assurance purposes (which may include monitoring or recording calls to our customer support) and outreach.
RESEARCH & INNOVATION
Innovating new products, features and services using research and development tools and incorporating data analysis activities.
ADVERTISING
Providing personalized promotional offers (in accordance with your Privacy Preferences ) on HP Services and other selected partner websites (for example, you might see an advertisement for a product on a partner site that you have recently viewed on an HP site). We might also share some of your information with marketing service providers and digital marketing networks to present advertisements that might interest you. To learn more, read How HP uses Automatic Data Collection Tools .
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW
Compliance with applicable laws, regulations, court orders, government and law enforcement requests, to operate our services and products properly and to protect ourselves, our users and our customers and to solve any customer disputes.
Please see our Data Collection and Use Matrix for a quick-reference guide to how we use the data we collect and our lawful basis for processing such data.
 
Personal data is any information that personally identifies you or from which you could be identified either directly or indirectly. We may collect your personal data through your use of HP Services or during interactions with HP representatives.
The personal data we collect from you depends on the nature of your interaction with us or on the HP Services you use, but may include the following:
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE DIRECTLY
Contact Data – We may collect personal and/or business contact information including your first name, last name, mailing address, telephone number, fax number, email address and other similar data.
Payment Data – We collect information necessary for processing payments and preventing fraud, including credit/debit card numbers, security code numbers and other related billing information.
Account Data – We collect information such as how you purchased or signed up for HP Services, your transaction, billing and support history, the HP Services you use and anything else relating to the account you create.
Location Data – We collect geolocation data when you enable location-based services or when you choose to provide location-related information during product registration or when interacting with our website.
Security Credentials Data– We collect user IDs, passwords, password hints, and similar security information required for authentication and access to HP accounts.
Demographic Data – We collect, or obtain from third parties, certain demographic data including, for example, country, gender, age, preferred language, and general interest data.
Preferences – We collect information about your preferences and interests as they relate to HP Services (both when you tell us what they are or when we deduce them from what we know about you) and how you prefer to receive communications from us.
Social Media Data – We may provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with us on various social media sites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites you use to make sure you understand the information that is collected, used, and shared by those sites.
Other Unique Identifying Information – Examples of other unique information that we collect from you include product serial numbers, information you provide when you interact in-person, online or by phone or mail with our services centers, help desks or other customer support channels, your responses to customer surveys or contests or additional information you have provided to us to facilitate delivery of HP Services and to respond to your inquiries. If you apply for instant credit, we may ask you to provide additional personal data such as salary, government-issued identification number, banking/financial account information, and other information (for example from credit reporting agencies) for authentication purposes and to verify credit worthiness
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED ABOUT YOUR USE OF HP SERVICES
Product Usage Data – We collect product usage data such as pages printed, print mode, media used, ink or toner brand, file type printed (.pdf, .jpg, etc.), application used for printing (Word, Excel, Adobe Photoshop, etc.), file size, time stamp, and usage and status of other printer supplies. We do not scan or collect the content of any file or information that might be displayed by an application.
Device Data – We collect information about your computer, printer and/or device such as operating system, firmware, amount of memory, region, language, time zone, model number, first start date, age of device, device manufacture date, browser version, device manufacturer, connection port, warranty status, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers and additional technical information that varies by product.
Application Data – We collect information related to HP applications such as location, language, software versions, data sharing choices and update details. In cases where we incorporate technologies from third parties, data may be shared between the third party and HP and appropriate notice will provided at the application level.
Performance Data – We collect information regarding the performance of individual device hardware components, firmware, software and applications. Examples of the data we collect include information relating to memory and processor performance, environmental conditions and systems failures, printing events, features, and alerts used such as “Low on Ink” warnings, use of photo cards, fax, scan, embedded web server, and additional technical information that varies by device.
Website Browsing Data – We collect information about your visits to and your activity on our HP websites, applications or websites “powered by” another company on our behalf including the content (and any ads) that you view and interact with, the address of the website from which you arrived and other clickstream behavior (such as the pages you view, the links you click or which items you've added to your shopping basket). Some of this information is collected using our Automatic Data Collection Tools which include, cookies, web beacons and embedded web links. To learn more, read How HP uses Automatic Data Collection Tools .
Anonymous or Aggregated Data – We collect anonymous answers to surveys or anonymous and aggregated information about how our HP Services are used. In the course of our operations, in certain cases, we apply a process of de-identification or pseudonymisation to your data to make it reasonably unlikely to identify you through the use of that data with available technology.
INFORMATION FROM THIRD-PARTY SOURCES
We collect data from the following third parties:
Data brokers, social media networks and advertising networks – Commercially-available data such as name, address, email address, preferences, interests, and certain demographic data. For example, personal data may be collected when you access our applications through social media logins (i.e., logging in to our applications using your Facebook or other social media credentials). The basic details we receive may depend on your social network account privacy settings.
HP Partners – If you purchase HP Services from an HP partner, we may receive certain information about your purchase from that partner.
Fraud prevention or credit reporting agencies – Data collected to prevent fraud and in connection with credit determinations.
HP Enterprise Customers – In order to provide certain HP Services at an enterprise level, your business contact data may be provided to HP by a designated entity within your business or enterprise (such as a member of your IT department).
Analytics Providers – We also receive non-personal data, such as aggregated or de-identified demographic/profile data, from third-party sources such as companies that specialize in providing enterprise data, analytics and software as a service.
In order to provide certain HP Services at an enterprise level, your business contact data may be provided to HP by a designated entity within your business or enterprise (such as a member of your IT department). Where necessary, we may also use information provided by you or your employer, together with information from publicly-available and other online and offline sources, to conduct due diligence checks on business contacts as part of our anti-corruption compliance program.
We also receive non-personal data, such as aggregated or de-identified demographic/profile data, from third-party sources such as companies that specialize in providing enterprise data, analytics and software as a service.
In order to ensure data accuracy and offer a superior customer experience by providing you with better personalized services, content, marketing and ads, in some cases we link or combine the information that we collect from the different sources outlined above with the information we collect directly from you. For example, we compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by our Automatic Data Collection Tools to derive your general geographic area. Information may also be linked via a unique identifier such as a cookie or account number.
Where necessary, we obtain information to conduct due diligence checks on business contacts as part of our anti-corruption compliance program and in accordance with our legal obligations.
IF YOU CHOOSE NOT TO PROVIDE DATA
You are not required to share the personal data that we request, however, if you choose not to share the information, in some cases we will not be able to provide you with HP Services, certain specialized features or be able to effectively respond to any queries you may have.
 
HP does not knowingly collect information from children as defined by local law, and does not target its websites or mobile applications to children.
 
To prevent loss, unauthorized access, use or disclosure and to ensure the appropriate use of your information, we utilize reasonable and appropriate physical, technical, and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect and process. HP retains data as required or permitted by law and while the data continues to have a legitimate business purpose.
When collecting, transferring or storing sensitive information such as financial information we use a variety of additional security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. When we transmit highly-confidential information (such as credit card number or password) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as later versions of the Transport Layer Security (“TLS”) protocol.
As part of real-time payment processing, we also subscribe to fraud management services. This service provides us with an extra level of security to guard against credit card fraud and to protect your financial data in accordance with industry standards.
 
We will only share your personal data as follows and, when applicable, only with the appropriate contractual obligations in place:
Sharing with hp companies
We may transfer your personal data to other HP entities in the US and worldwide for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement. To ensure that your personal data is secure and as part of our participation in the APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules , Binding Corporate Rules and Privacy Shield programs, HP entities are contractually bound to comply with our privacy requirements. Furthermore, our privacy guidelines are communicated to our HP employees on an annual basis as part of our mandatory Integrity at HP training.
Where the international privacy programs identified above do not apply, when you agree to accept HP’s Privacy Statement when registering a product or for service, creating an account, or otherwise providing us with your personal data, you consent to the transfer of your personal data throughout the global HP network of entities.
SHARING WITH SERVICE PROVIDERS & PARTNERS
We engage service providers or Partners to manage or support certain aspects of our business operations on our behalf. These service providers or partners may be located in the US or in other global locations and may provide services such as credit card processing and fraud management services, customer support, sales pursuits on our behalf, order fulfillment, product delivery, content personalization, advertising and marketing activities (including digital and personalized advertising), IT services, email service providers, data hosting, live-help, debt collection and management or support of HP websites. Our service providers and partners are required by contract to safeguard any personal data they receive from us and are prohibited from using the personal data for any purpose other than to perform the services as instructed by HP. We also take steps to provide adequate protection for any transfers of your personal data in accordance with applicable law such as signing EU Standard Contractual Clauses with the service provider or partner, relying on their Privacy Shield certification, other approved codes of conduct or certification mechanisms or binding and enforceable commitments of the service provider. If you would like to receive more information about the appropriate safeguards, please contact the HP Privacy Office .
SHARING OTHER INFORMATION WITH ADVERTISERS
We may also transfer information about you to advertising partners (including the ad networks, ad-serving companies, and other service providers they may use) so that they may recognize your devices and deliver interest based content and advertisements to you. The information may include your name, postal address, email, device ID, or other identifier in encrypted form. The providers may process the information in hashed or de-identified form. These providers may collect additional information from you, such as your IP address and information about your browser or operating system and may combine information about you with information from other companies in data sharing cooperatives in which we participate.
SHARING WITH OTHER THIRD PARTIES
We may also share your personal data with: (i) credit reference and fraud prevention agencies; (ii) debt collection agencies (for outstanding debts with us); or (iii) insurance providers if you have purchased an insurance policy through us (e.g. Care Packs). If you choose to provide personal data to the other companies, that personal data will be handled according to the privacy policy of those companies, which may differ from HP’s policies and practices.
CORPORATE TRANSACTIONS
Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, HP decides to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses. In such transactions, we may disclose or transfer your personal data to prospective or actual purchasers or receive personal data from sellers. Our practice is to seek appropriate protection for your personal data in these types of transactions.
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW
We may also share your personal data when we believe, in good faith, that we have an obligation to: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of law enforcement agencies, regulators, courts and other public authorities, including to meet national security or other law enforcement requirements; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other criminal or malicious activity; (iv) enforce/protect the rights and properties of HP or its subsidiaries; or (v) protect the rights or personal safety of HP, our employees, and third parties on or using HP property when allowed and in line with the requirements of applicable law.
Please see our Data Collection and Use Matrix for a quick reference on how and with whom we share your data.
 
We use and allow certain other companies to use cookies, clickstream capture, pixels, web beacons, web collection forms and other similar technologies (collectively “Automatic Data Collection Tools”) on our HP Services. We do this to understand your use of our HP Services; improve your user experience and enable personalized features and content; optimize our advertisements and marketing; and to enable third-party advertising companies to assist us in serving ads specific to your interests across the Internet.
You can find more information about Automatic Data Collection Tools at: www.allaboutcookies.org .
ONLINE AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TOOLS
When you visit any HP website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies, which are text files containing small amounts of information. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience.
HP uses Automatic Data Collection Tools for the following reasons:
Strictly Necessary Tools: These are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off. Without these, the website or service you are requesting would be impossible to provide because we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using.
Performance and Analytics Tools: These tools collect aggregated, anonymous, statistical-type information to enable HP to measure, optimize and improve the content, quality and performance of its websites.
We use our own and/or third-party Automatic Data Collection Tools to see how you use our websites and services in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to the preferences of our customers and visitors. For example, Automatic Data Collection Tools may be used to: test different designs and to ensure that we maintain a consistent look and feel across our websites; track and provide trend analysis on how our users interact with our websites and communications; track errors and measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. We use Adobe Analytics & Google Analytics , run by Google Inc., for example, to track website usage and activity.
The data collected will generally be aggregated to provide trends and usage patterns for business analysis, site/platform improvement and performance metrics. Our Automatic Data Collection Tools or the resulting analysis may be also shared with our business partners. The type of information we collect includes how many visitors visit our websites, how many customers log in, when they visited, for how long and which areas of our websites and services but is generally not used to identify you individually. We may also receive similar information about visitors to our partner websites.
Personalization Tools: These allow us to remember choices you make on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personalized features. These can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information collected may be anonymized and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
We also use Automatic Data Collection Tools to change the way our websites behave or look in order to personalize your experience from information we infer from your behavior on our websites or information we may already know about you because, for example, you are a registered customer. These may be used to tailor the services you receive from us or the content, look and feel delivered to you on subsequent sessions to our websites. For example, if you personalize webpages, or register for products or services, Automatic Data Collection Tools help our webpage server recall your specific information. When you next visit our websites, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the website features that you previously chose. If you use more than one device or computer on a regular basis, we may link Automatic Data Collection Tools together so you will still receive a personalized online experience. We can also personalize the information you see based on what we already know about you, so that you spend less time looking for things. With the use of Automatic Data Collection Tools, each visitor to our site can have a web experience which is unique to them.
Targeting Tools: These are set by HP and other third parties (such as select retail or advertising partners) and used to build a profile to deliver targeted advertising both on and off HP websites that is more relevant and useful to you. These may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us (e.g. your email address).
These also allow us to collect data related to the HP site and page you visited and your activities on the HP site. As an example, if you visited one of our product pages, via the use of cookies, we may retarget you across partner sites with additional offers and promotions for a certain period of time.
You can find out more about some of our interest- based advertising partners by visiting these websites:
Please note that the above is not an exhaustive list and may be updated by us from time to time.
If you are a registered user, the information collected from our websites is not anonymous and we may use this information along with other information we know or infer about you including your preferences to tailor content, services, advertising and offers for you.
Automatic Data Tools that are Strictly Necessary or used for Performance & Analytics or Personalization are set to expire after 364 days. Automatic Data Collection Tools used for targeting are set to expire after 90 days since your last visit.
When you share information using a social media sharing button on HP websites, the social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities. The types of tools used by these third parties and how they use the information generated by them will be governed by those companies’ privacy policies.
OTHER AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TOOLS
We may use Automatic Data Collection Tools such as web beacons, which are typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel), to compile information about your interaction with email or other communications. A web beacon can be embedded in HP subscription or marketing communications to determine whether our messages have been opened or acted upon and whether our mailing tools are working correctly.
 
You can make or change your choices regarding Automatic Data Collection Tools, as well as receiving either subscription or general communications at the data collection point or by using other methods, which are described in the following sections. These options do not apply to communications primarily for the purpose of administering order completion, contracts, support, product safety warnings, driver updates, or other administrative and transactional notices where the primary purpose of these communications is not promotional in nature.
MARKETING & SUBSCRIPTION COMMUNICATIONS
HP marketing communications provide information about products, services, and/or support and you can select how these communications are delivered – e.g., via postal mail, email, telephone, fax or mobile device. Marketing communications may include new product or services information, special offers, personalized content, targeted advertising or invitations to participate in market research or compliance reviews. Subscription communications include email newsletters, software updates, etc. that may be expressly requested by you or which you consented to receive.
You may opt out of receiving these general communications by using one of the following methods:
Select the email’s “Opt out” or “Unsubscribe” link, or follow the instructions included in each email subscription communication.
To unsubscribe from messages delivered to mobile devices, reply to the message with the words “STOP” or “END.”
Contact our Data Protection Officer through the HP Privacy Office . Be sure to provide your name, contact information, and specific relevant information about the HP subscriptions or marketing that you no longer wish to receive.
HP ADS AND OFFERINGS ON THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
HP contracts with service providers to place ads on websites owned by third parties. Sometimes this will be achieved by sharing some personal data as described in the section on Third-Party Advertising Cookies and Social Media Cookies.
In addition, we use and may allow ad networks and other third parties to use cookies and other Automated Data Collection Tools to determine how you interact with our websites, communications and services and selected partner websites and to identify your interests, create profiles and interest segments in order to provide advertising that is most relevant and useful to you. For more information, please see How HP Uses Automated Data Collection Tools
AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TOOLS - ONLINE
When you visit HP sites, you have the option to accept or adjust what cookies you allow us to place on your browser through our Privacy Preference Center. You can modify these settings at any time by visiting Cookie Settings.
If you don’t want to allow cookies at all, please refer to your browser settings. Note that by disabling certain categories of cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our sites or certain content or functionality may not be available. Certain browsers allow you to navigate websites in an incognito or private mode. Once the browser session is closed, typically all cookies collected during the session are automatically destroyed.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across our websites visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Even if you opt-out of Performance & Analytics tracking and Targeting, you might continue to see non-personalized advertisements from HP via our partners. As an example, you might visit a website containing Personal Computer feature comparisons. Based on your interest, our partners might serve you with HP product advertisements.
If you are in the EU and would like to opt out of third party cookies relating to interest based advertising, please go to www.youronlinechoices.eu .
In the US and Canada, we comply with the Digital Advertising Alliance industry standards with respect to interest based advertising. To learn more about your advertising choices if you are in the US, please click here or in Canada please click here . In the US, the Network Advertising Initiative also offers a means to opt out of a number of advertising cookies. Please visit www.networkadvertising.org to learn more. Note that opting out does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the company or companies from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns.
Some newer web browsers incorporate “Do Not Track” features. Currently, no industry standard exists for handling “Do Not Track” requests, therefore at this time, our websites may not respond to “Do Not Track” requests or headers from these browsers.
AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION TOOLS - HP COMMUNICATIONS
You can disable automatic data collection tools, such as web beacons, in email messages by not downloading images contained in messages you receive (this feature varies depending on the email software used on your personal computer). However, doing this may not always disable Automatic Data Collection Tools in the email message due to specific email software capabilities. For more information about this, please refer to the information provided by your email software or service provider.
 
You have the right to ask us for a copy of any personal data that you have provided to us or that we maintain about you and to request an explanation about the processing. In addition, you have the right to withdraw any consent previously granted or to request correction, amendment, restriction, anonymization or deletion of your personal data; and to obtain the personal data you provide with your consent or in connection with a contract in a structured, machine readable format and to ask us to transfer this data to another data controller.
You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in some circumstances, in particular when we are using your data for direct marketing or to create a marketing profile. Please see Choosing Your Privacy Preferences for guidance on how to exercise your rights with regard to marketing.
In certain cases, these rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.
To exercise your rights, or if you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Statement, our collection and use of your data or a possible breach of local privacy laws, you can contact HP’s Chief Privacy and Data Protection Officer or write to us at the appropriate address below:
EU
CS 40012 – 92197
Del. Alvaro Obregon
USA
All communications will be treated confidentially. Upon receipt of your communication, our representative will contact you within a reasonable time to respond to your questions or concerns. We aim to ensure that your concerns are resolved in a timely and appropriate manner.
If we are unable to resolve your concerns, you have the right to contact a data privacy supervisory authority in the country where you live or work, or where you consider that the data protection rules have been breached or seek a remedy through the courts. For questions, concerns or complaints related to our participation in the EU-US Privacy Shield, APEC CBPRs or application of HP’s BCRs, please read about our International Data Transfers .
 
If we modify our Privacy Statement, we will post the revised statement here, with an updated revision date. If we make significant changes to our Privacy Statement that materially alter our privacy practices, we may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on our corporate website and/or social media pages prior to the changes taking effect. This Privacy Statement was last updated in May 2018. This policy becomes effective 30 days after posting, unless you are presented with the HP Privacy Statement prior to that date, in which case, this Privacy Statement becomes effective as of the earlier date.
Date Posted: May 2018.
Click or use the tab key to select your country
