Dating Ring Privacy Policy
This privacy notice covers the information collection, retention, and sharing practices of Dating Ring (“We” or “we”) as they refer to users (“you) who register for any of our services or visit http://www.datingring.com or http://www.datingring.com (the “Site”). Use of the Site and/or our services constitutes acceptance of our privacy practices, so please carefully review the disclosures below and check back regularly for any updates to our practices. The effective date of this policy will reflect any material updates to this policy.
Information Collected From You and How It is Used:
Merely visiting the Site does not trigger the collection of personal information from you. Use of the Site may trigger the collection of non-personal information, such as your IP address, which is used for tracking or analytics purposes and may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
If you register for Dating Ring services, we collect personal information from you, including, but not limited to, your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, location, age, and photo. This information may be combined with non-personal information collected from you. If you conduct a transaction that involves a purchase (including, but not limited to: monthly match subscriptions or Premium Membership) we collect your credit card information and address for the sole purpose of processing your transaction.
We use this information to personalize your experience, send information to your “Matches”, improve our website, improve customer service, collect and analyze statistics and trends, process transactions, and send periodic email communications about our services. Any information that you provide to us may be shared with a Match to improve your experience, including, but not limited to, your first and last name, photos, location, age, religion, phone number, and email. Your billing information and address will never be shared with Matches. A “Match” is defined as another Member of the site that we provide an online introduction to.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving email communications from Dating Ring emails, you may email support@datingring.com.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating the Site, conducting our business, or providing services to you, as these parties have agreed to keep your information confidential.
The Site does not collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time or across third-party Web sites or online services, nor do we employ third parties that collect such information.
You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend our, or a third party’s, rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including the user) is threatened.
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. The Site and our services are directed at users who are 21 years of age or older.
Security:
The security of your information is important to us. We take reasonable, industry-standard precautions to safeguard the security of your information, including encrypted communication and password protection systems. We also periodically review our security systems to consider new or updated methods. Despite our measures, no security system is perfect or impenetrable, and we will notify users if a data breach occurs.
Further Information:
If you have questions about our privacy policy or practices, please contact support@datingring.com.
Last updated: September 27, 2014
