Privacy Policy
This privacy policy outlines how Crowdbabble Inc. or ‘we’ use any personal information we collect about you when you use this website.
What information do we collect about you?
We collect information about you when you sign up for a Crowdbabble service, fill in a contact form or email us directly. We also collect information when you voluntarily comment on our blog posts, provide feedback or interact with us on social media websites such as Facebook and Twitter. Website usage information is collected using cookies.
The information we collect about you may include; your name, email address, address, phone number, IP address, location, company name, job position/title, sex, age, social media handles and usernames, social media content, email and in-app conversation history, credit card information, internet browser and service provider, device plus any information you supply voluntarily.
Why do we collect your data?
We collect information about you to fulfill your request e.g. if you fill out a ‘request a callback’ form we use this information to contact you directly, process your order, manage your account and, if you agree, to email you about other products, services, and information we think may be of interest to you.
If you sign up for a Crowdbabble service, we collect information about you to provide you with relevant services, including but not limited to reports/analytics, tips on how to make the most out of your experience on our platform, and to send invoices and receipts to you.
We may use your contact information to advertise our service to you on third-party websites such as Facebook and Twitter. We may also contact you directly to follow up on the service and user experience we provide. We use your information collected from the website to personalise your repeat visits to our website. If you agree, we shall pass on your personal information to third parties so that they may offer you their products and services.
We will take cautionary measure to ensure we do not collect any personal data from you we do not need in order to provide and oversee the above services to you.
How long will we store your data?
If you provide any information about yourself to Crowdbabble, we will keep this data with us until you notify us that you want us to delete this information.
Marketing
We would like to send you updates and information about our products and services which may be of interest to you. If you have consented to receive marketing emails, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other parties.
What are your rights?
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please email or write to us at the following address.
Address: Crowdbabble Inc., Commerce Court South, 30 Wellington Street West, 5th Floor, Toronto, ON M5L 1B1, Canada
We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.
Cookies
Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org . You can set your browser not to accept cookies and the above websites tell you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result.
Other websites
Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy policy only applies to this website so when you link to other websites you should read their own privacy policies.
How to contact us
Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you:
Address: Crowdbabble Inc., Commerce Court South, 30 Wellington Street West, 5th Floor, Toronto, ON M5L 1B1, Canada
