About Cookies
We use cookies to improve our services and to provide an excellent user experience on the Kitco Online Store. By clicking on Continue, you accept our default cookie settings. To learn more about our use of cookies and manage your preferences, please visit the Settings page.
Login
We need your email address or username to log you in. Please enter your email address or username and try again.
Welcome
Kitco respects your privacy.
All personal information held or collected by Kitco is protected under the Province of Quebec An Act Respecting the Protection of Personal Information in the Private Sector.
This means we will never willfully disclose individually identifiable information about our customers to any third party without the customer's consent. Your personal information will be disclosed to Kitco for the purposes of maintaining your account with Kitco.
Privacy Philosophy
Kitco respects your privacy. Kitco does not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding its customers to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. subject line.
Use of Information Gathered
Kitco will not collect any personal information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals to create an account and perform transactions with Kitco, or when required by law (such as anti money laundering and anti terrorism acts in Canada, the Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act and in the United States, the Bank Secrecy Act and the Patriot Act). Examples of such information are: name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, identification card and credit card information. This information is needed to complete your orders and to allow Kitco to contact you should there be a problem with the account opening process or with a transaction. This is the minimum we need to serve you to the best of our ability. Kitco may share non-personal aggregate, or summary, information regarding its customers with partners or other third parties, but Kitco does not sell or share any information at the individual customer level. Your IP address is maintained for administrative and technical purposes only.
 
Opt-Out Features
Kitco puts control over communications directed to you where it belongs: In your hands. Every time we collect name and address information about you:
·        You can tell us if you don't want to receive communication from Kitco such as email newsletters announcing specials or new features.
·        You can tell us if you don't want to receive communication from third-party companies who offer a product or service that we think would be of value to you.
 
Use of "cookies"
A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Kitco uses cookies only to enable you to retrieve fresh quotes or place additional orders without having to re-enter your name and shipping information each time. Credit card information is not stored in cookies and must be re-entered when it is needed. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any Kitco site.
Security
Kitco adheres to the highest security measures to ensure Customer data is protected against theft, loss, and corruption, and against the misuse and alteration of any Customer data stored on our servers. We use only the highest industry standard secure server (SSL) for transferring credit card information across the internet. All Kitco employees are aware of our security policies. Customer information is made available only to selected employees who require the information to process orders. However, when a Customer accesses their account via a public or unsecured computer terminal or if a Customer chooses to share their account username and password ("Electronic Identification Information"), Kitco cannot guarantee the security of account data. It is the Customer's obligation to ensure that its Electronic Identification Information is kept secret.
Change/Update Information
To change or update your information please send an email to:  privacy@kitco.com .
Contacting Kitco
 
Montreal, Quebec, H3B 1M1
Attention: Customer Service Department
Buy and sell gold, silver and precious metals online. Bars and coins for sale.
How can we help you?
Message
Submit
Thank you! We greatly appreciate your comments. Your message has been routed to the applicable department according to the category you specified.
