Last Name:
Email:
Product (choose one):
Comment
Please enter a valid comment Please fill out the Comment section using only letters, numbers, and the following symbols: =#$%@.,-
Please verify that you are not a robot. CAPTCHA is missing or wrong.
form
Go to Customer Support and select your product.
For Marketing Communications
Opt-out of marketing communications . You will continue to receive e-mail communications that are related directly to the product, such as payment receipts and e-file status notifications.
For Username or Password Assistance with Online Tax Products
Full Site Disclaimers
H&R Block Online Deluxe or Premium, or H&R Block Software Basic, Deluxe, Premium or Premium & Business get unlimited sessions of live, personal tax advice with a tax professional. You can ask our tax advisors an unlimited number of questions at no extra cost (excludes business returns). Standard live chat hours apply (10:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. Mon.-Fri; 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Sat.-Sun. (all times CT).
Free In-person Audit Support is available only for clients who purchase and use H&R Block desktop software solutions to prepare and successfully file their 2017 individual income tax return (federal or state). It does not provide for reimbursement of any taxes, penalties, or interest imposed by taxing authorities and does not include legal representation. Additional terms and restrictions apply; See Free In-person Audit Support for complete details.
H&R Block tax software and online prices are ultimately determined at the time of print or e-file. All prices are subject to change without notice.
H&R Block is a registered trademark of HRB Innovations, Inc.
Emerald Cash Rewards™ are credited on a monthly basis. Rewards are in the form of a cash credit loaded onto the card and are subject to applicable withdrawal/cash back limits. Merchants/Offers vary.
If you find another online tax preparation method that results in a larger refund (or smaller liability) than that calculated by the H&R Block online tax program, we will refund the fees you paid us to use our online tax program to prepare that return and you may use our program to amend your return at no additional charge. To qualify, the larger refund or smaller tax liability must not be due to differences in data supplied by you, your choice not to claim a deduction or credit, or positions taken on your return that are contrary to law.
If the online tax preparation or tax software makes an arithmetic error that results in your payment of a penalty and/or interest to the IRS that you would otherwise not have been required to pay, H&R Block will reimburse you up to a maximum of $10,000. Terms and conditions apply; see Accurate Calculations Guarantee for details.
H&R Block is a registered trademark of HRB Innovations, Inc. TurboTax® and Quicken® are registered trademarks of Intuit, Inc. TaxAct® is a registered trademark of TaxAct, Inc. Windows® is a registered trademark of Microsoft Corporation.
Prices based on hrblock.com, turbotax.com and intuit.taxaudit.com (as of 11/28/17). TurboTax® offers limited Audit Support services at no additional charge. H&R Block Audit Representation constitutes tax advice only. Consult your attorney for legal advice. Power of Attorney required. Does not provide for reimbursement of any taxes, penalties or interest imposed by taxing authorities. Terms and conditions apply.
The audit risk assessment is not a guarantee you will not be audited.
For 2017 federal tax paid with personal Mastercard®, American Express®, Visa® and Discover® credit cards, 1.98% of the tax amount (minimum charge with all credit cards of $2.69). For 2017 federal tax paid with Visa, Discover, or Mastercard branded consumer debit cards, and ATM (PIN-less) cards, a fixed fee of only $2.65 per transaction. Depending upon the card you elect to use, you may be able to earn rewards. Contact the financial institution that issued your card for specific terms and agreements. Payments processed by WorldPay, Inc., an IRS approved payment processor. The IRS payment date will be equal to the date the transaction is authorized and completed. It may take the IRS 5 - 7 days to post the payment to your tax account.
Audit Defense only available in TurboTax Max bundle.
File Online
State e-file available within the program. An additional fee applies for online. State e-file not available in NH. Additional state programs are extra. Most state programs are available in January. Release dates vary by state. Online AL, DC and TN do not support nonresident forms for state e-file. Software DE, HI, LA, ND and VT do not support part-year or nonresident forms.
H&R Block prices are ultimately determined at the time of print or e-file. All prices are subject to change without notice.
H&R Block online tax preparation and Tax Pro Review prices are ultimately determined at the time of print or e-file. All prices are subject to change without notice.
A simple tax return excludes self-employment income (Schedule C), capital gains and losses (Schedule D), rental and royalty income (Schedule E), farm income (Schedule F) shareholder/partnership income or loss (Schedule K-1), and earned income credit (Schedule EIC).
State programs can be added within the program for an additional cost. Most state programs available in January. Release dates vary by state. The following states do not support part-year/nonresident forms: AL, DC, HI and MT.
Enrolled Agents do not provide legal representation; signed Power of Attorney required. Audit services constitute tax advice only. Consult an attorney for legal advice. Void where prohibited.
Starting December 1, 2017
Does not include in-person audit representation, which is sold separately. H&R Block does not provide legal advice.
State e-file not available in NH.
Additional state programs are extra. Most state programs available in January; release dates vary by state.
All prices are subject to change without notice.
One state program can be downloaded at no additional cost from within the program. Additional state programs extra.
One personal state program and unlimited business state program downloads are included with the purchase of this software. Additional personal state programs extra.
Retail
Subject to $125 minimum charge.
Offer valid for tax preparation fees for new clients only. A new client is an individual who did not use H&R Block office services to prepare his or her 2016 tax return. Valid receipt for 2016 tax preparation fees from a tax preparer other than H&R Block must be presented prior to completion of initial tax office interview. May not be combined with other offers. Offer period March 1 – 25, 2018 at participating offices only. To qualify, tax return must be paid for and filed during this period. Visit hrblock.com/halfoff to find the nearest participating office or to make an appointment. OBTP# B13696 ©2018 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
Results vary. All tax situations are different. Fees apply if you have us file a corrected or amended return. The IRS allows taxpayers to amend returns from the previous three tax years to claim additional refunds to which they are entitled. Applies to individual tax returns only. At participating offices.
Price for Federal 1040EZ may vary at certain locations. See local office for pricing.
Type of federal return filed is based on taxpayer's personal situation and IRS rules/regulations. Form 1040EZ is generally used by single/married taxpayers with taxable income under $100,000, no dependents, no itemized deductions, and certain types of income (including wages, salaries, tips, taxable scholarships or fellowship grants, and unemployment compensation). Additional fees apply with Earned Income Credit and you file any other returns such as city or local income tax returns, or if you select other products and services such as Refund Transfer. Available at participating U.S. locations.
If H&R Block makes an error on your return, we'll pay resulting penalties and interest.
If you discover an H&R Block error on your return that entitles you to a larger refund (or smaller tax liability), we'll refund the tax prep fee for that return and file an amended return at no additional charge. Refund claims must be made during the calendar year in which the return was prepared.
By authorizing H&R Block to e-file your tax return or by taking the completed return to file, you are accepting the return and are obligated to pay all fees when due.
H&R Block will explain the position taken by the IRS or other taxing authority and assist you in preparing an audit response. Does not include Audit Representation.
H&R Block provides tax advice only through Peace of Mind® Extended Service Plan, Audit Assistance and Audit Representation. Consult your own attorney for legal advice. Power of Attorney required. Void where prohibited. Conditions apply. See Peace of Mind® Terms for details.
Available only at participating H&R Block offices. CAA service not available at all locations. H&R Block does not provide immigration services. An ITIN is an identification number issued by the U.S. government for tax reporting only. Having an ITIN does not change your immigration status. You are required to meet government requirements to receive your ITIN. Additional fees and restrictions may apply.
If the ITIN is for a dependent, the documentation provided must prove that the dependent is a U.S. National or a resident in the United States, Mexico or Canada. Dependents must meet all the other tests for qualifying child or qualifying relative.
Supporting Identification Documents must be original or copies certified by the issuing agency. Original supporting documentation for dependents must be included in the application.
At participating offices. Results may vary. All tax situations are different and not everyone gets a refund. Fees apply if you have us file an amended return. The IRS allows taxpayers to amend returns from the previous three tax years to claim additional refunds to which they are entitled. Applies to individual tax returns only.
Starting price for simple federal 1040EZ return. Price varies based on complexity. Starting price for state returns will vary by state filed and complexity.
Audit services only available at participating offices.
Comparison based on paper check mailed from the IRS.
Amended tax returns not included in flat fees. A separate agreement is required for all Tax Audit & Notice Services. Tax Audit & Notice Services include tax advice only. Consult your own attorney for legal advice. A Power of Attorney may be required for some Tax Audit & Notice Services.
Qualifying individuals only.  See www.irs.gov for qualifications.
The tax identity theft risk assessment will be provided in January 2019. The tax identity theft risk assessment is based on various data sources and actual risk may vary beyond factors included in analysis.
Due to federally declared disaster in 2017 and/or 2018, the IRS will allow affected taxpayers an extended filing date to file and pay for their 2017 taxes. See IRS.gov for details.
Free ITIN application services available only at participating H&R Block offices, and applies only when completing an original federal tax return (prior or current year). CAA service not available at all locations.
The Send A Friend coupon must be presented prior to the completion of initial tax office interview. A new client is defined as an individual who did not use H&R Block or Block Advisors office services to prepare his or her prior-year tax return. Discount valid only for tax prep fees for an original 2017 personal income tax return prepared in a participating office. May not be combined with any other promotion including Free 1040EZ. Void if sold, purchased or transferred, and where prohibited. No cash value. Must be a resident of the U.S., in a participating U.S. office. Expires 4/10/2018. Referring client will receive a $20 gift card for each valid new client referred, limit two. Gift card will be mailed approximately two weeks after referred client has had his or her taxes prepared in an H&R Block or Block Advisors office and paid for that tax preparation. Referred client must have taxes prepared by 4/10/2018. H&R Block employees, including Tax Professionals, are excluded from participating.
Available at participating offices and if your employer(s) participate in the W-2 Early AccessSM program.
Valid for 2017 personal income tax return only. Return must be filed January 5 - February 28, 2018 at participating offices to qualify. Type of federal return filed is based on your personal tax situation and IRS rules. Form 1040EZ is generally used by single/married taxpayers with taxable income under $100,000, no dependents, no itemized deductions, and certain types of income (including wages, salaries, tips, some scholarships/grants, and unemployment compensation). Additional fees apply for Earned Income Credit and certain other additional forms, for state and local returns, and if you select other products and services. Visit hrblock.com/ez to find the nearest participating office or to make an appointment. OBTP#B13696 ©2017 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
Financial Services
This is an optional tax refund-related loan from BofI Federal Bank, Member FDIC; it is not your tax refund. Loans are offered in amounts of $500, $750, $1250 or $3000. Approval and loan amount based on expected refund amount, ID verification, eligibility criteria, and underwriting. If approved, funds will be loaded on a prepaid card and the loan amount will be deducted from your tax refund, reducing the amount that is paid directly to you. Tax returns may be e-filed without applying for this loan. Fees for other optional products or product features may apply. Limited time offer. Available at participating locations. Not offered in Puerto Rico. HRB Maine License No.: FRA2. See hrblock.com/refundadvance for details. ©2017 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
The H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard® is a tax refund-related deposit product issued by BofI Federal Bank, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license by Mastercard International Incorporated. Emerald Financial Services, LLC is a registered agent of BofI Federal Bank. Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. Not available at all locations and to all applicants. Additional fees, terms and conditions apply; consult your Cardholder Agreement for details. ID verification required. ©2017 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
Merchants/offers vary. Rewards will be posted to your Emerald Card on or around the 5th day of the month following your qualifying purchase. Rewards are in the form of a cash credit loaded onto the card and are subject to applicable withdrawal/cash back limits.
For a full schedule of Emerald Card fees, see your Cardholder Agreement.
Payroll, unemployment, government benefits and other direct deposit funds are available on effective date of settlement with provider. Please check with your employer or benefits provider as they may not offer direct deposit or partial direct deposit. Faster access to funds is based on comparison of traditional banking policies for check deposits versus electronic direct deposit.
Fees apply to Emerald Card bill pay service.  See Mobile and Online Banking Online Bill Payment Agreement and Disclosure for details.
If approved, you could be eligible for a credit limit between $350 and $1,000. H&R Block Emerald Advance® line of credit and H&R Block Emerald Savings® offered through BofI Federal Bank, Member FDIC. H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard® issued by BofI Federal Bank pursuant to a license by Mastercard International Incorporated. All products subject to ID verification. Line of credit subject to credit and underwriting approval. Fees apply. Products offered at participating offices. Promotional period 11/16/2017 – 12/29/2017. Emerald Financial Services, LLC is a registered agent of BofI Federal Bank. Mastercard is a registered trademark, and the circles design is a trademark of Mastercard International Incorporated. Emerald Advance is a tax refund-related credit product and Emerald Card is a tax refund-related deposit product. ©2017 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
If you use your Emerald Card at an ATM not owned by us for any transaction, including a balance inquiry, you may be charged an additional surcharge fee by the ATM operator even if you do not complete a withdrawal. Surcharge fees are generally $1.50 to $3.00. ATM fees noted in your Cardholder Agreement still apply.
Emerald Card Retail Reload Providers may charge a convenience fee. Any Retail Reload Fee is an independent fee assessed by the individual retailer only and is not assessed by H&R Block or BofI Federal Bank.
Refund Transfer (RT) is a tax refund-related deposit product provided by BofI Federal Bank, Member FDIC. Fees apply. You must meet legal requirements for opening a bank account. RT is a bank deposit, not a loan, and is limited to the size of your refund less applicable fees. You can e-file your return and get your refund without an RT, a loan or extra fees. Maine License No.: FRA2. Available at participating offices.
Neither H&R Block nor BofI Federal Bank charges a fee for Emerald Card mobile updates; however, standard text messaging and data rates may apply.
US Mastercard Zero Liability does not apply to commercial accounts (except for small business card programs). Conditions and exceptions – see your Cardholder Agreement for details about reporting lost or stolen cards and liability for unauthorized transactions.
Requires purchase of a Refund Transfer (RT), for which a temporary bank account is required and fees apply. See RT Application for full terms and conditions. RT is provided by BofI Federal Bank, Member FDIC. Fees apply. You must meet legal requirements for opening a bank account. A RT is a bank deposit, not a loan, and is limited to the size of your refund less applicable fees. You can electronically file your return and receive your refund without a RT, a loan or extra fees. H&R Block Maine License Number: FRA2. Available at participating offices. RT is a tax refund-related deposit product.
Availability of Refund Transfer (RT) funds varies by state. Funds will be applied to your selected method of disbursement once they are received from the state taxing authority.
The Check-to-Card service is provided by Sunrise Banks, N.A. and Ingo Money, Inc., subject to the Sunrise Banks and Ingo Money Service Terms and Conditions , the Ingo Money Privacy Policy , and the Sunrise Banks, N.A. Privacy Policy . Approval review usually takes 3 to 5 minutes but can take up to one hour. All checks are subject to approval for funding in Ingo Money's sole discretion. Fees apply for approved Money in Minutes transactions funded to your card or account. Unapproved checks will not be funded to your card or account. Ingo Money reserves the right to recover losses resulting from illegal or fraudulent use of the Ingo Money Service. Your wireless carrier may charge a fee for data usage. Additional transaction fees, costs, terms and conditions may be associated with the funding and use of your card or account. See your Cardholder or Account Agreement for details.
The Rapid Reload logo is a trademark owned by Wal-Mart Stores. Inc. Rapid Reload not available in VT and WY. Fees apply. Check cashing fees may also apply. Check cashing not available in NJ, NY, RI, VT and WY.
If approved, you could be eligible for a credit limit between $350 and $1,000.
Minimum monthly payments apply. Line balance must be paid in full by February 15 each year. Year-round access may require Emerald Savings® secured.
Fees apply when making cash payments through MoneyGram® or 7-11®.
Please consult your tax professional for further information regarding eligibility, tax-deductibility of Traditional IRA contributions, tax-deferred/tax-exempt interest, limitations and tax consequences of distributions for college expenses and first-time home purchases, and additional IRS rules governing both Traditional and Roth IRAs. Severe penalties may be imposed for contributions and distributions not made in accordance with IRS rules.
Interest accrues daily and is credited monthly. Minimum opening deposit was $300 or a monthly direct deposit of $25. No minimum balance is required to obtain the stated APY. All fees and rates are subject to change after account opening. Annual Percentage Yield (APY) effective as of August 12, 2015 at 21:53 PM CST and is subject to change without prior notice. Unless exception applies, a 10% IRS early distribution penalty if withdrawn prior to age 59&half; will apply. Fees may reduce earnings on the account. If you close your account prior to the crediting of interest, you will not receive the accrued interest. See fee disclosure and account agreement for details.
Transferring funds from another bank account to your Emerald Card may not be available to all cardholders and other terms and conditions apply. There are limits on the total amount you can transfer and how often you can request transfers. BofI Federal Bank does not charge a fee for this service; please see your bank for details on its fees.
7-ELEVEN is a registered trademark of 7-Eleven, Inc.
©2015 InComm. All Rights Reserved. Vanilla Reload is provided by ITC Financial Licenses, Inc. ITC Financial Licenses, Inc. is licensed as a Money Transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services. Terms and conditions apply.
If you request cash back when making a purchase in a store, you may be charged a fee by the merchant processing the transaction. Always ask the merchant if a surcharge applies when requesting cash back at the point of sale.
Applicants must be 18 years of age in the state in which they reside (19 in Nebraska and Alabama, 21 in Puerto Rico.) Identity verification is required. Both cardholders will have equal access to and ownership of all funds added to the card account. See Cardholder Agreement for details.
Use of (Tap) for Balance is governed by the H&R Block Mobile and Online Banking Online Bill Payment Agreement and Disclosure. Once activated, you can view your card balance on the login screen with a tap of your finger. You should enable the security features on your mobile device, because anyone who has access to it will be able to view your account balance. You also accept all risk associated with (Tap) for Balance, and agree that neither H&R Block, BofI Federal Bank nor any of their respective parents or affiliated companies have any liability associated with its use. You will still be required to login to further manage your account.
Timing is based on an e-filed return with direct deposit to your Card Account.
Your wireless carrier may charge a fee for data usage.
Income Tax Course
Enrollment in, or completion of, the H&R Block Income Tax Course is neither an offer nor a guarantee of employment. Additional qualifications may be required. Enrollment restrictions apply. There is no tuition fee for the H&R Block Income Tax Course. However, you may be required to purchase course materials. State restrictions may apply. Additional training or testing may be required in MD and other states. Valid at participating locations only. Void where prohibited. This course is not intended for, nor open to any persons who are either currently employed by or seeking employment with any professional tax preparation company or organization other than H&R Block. During the course, should H&R Block learn of any student’s employment or intended employment with a competing professional tax preparation company or service, H&R Block reserves the right to immediately cancel the student’s enrollment. The student will be required to return all course materials. CTEC# 1040-QE-0889 ©2018 HRB Tax Group, Inc.
H&R Block has been approved by the California Tax Education Council to offer The H&R Block Income Tax Course, CTEC# 1040-QE-0889, which fulfills the 60-hour "qualifying education" requirement imposed by the State of California to become a tax preparer. A listing of additional requirements to register as a tax preparer may be obtained by contacting CTEC at P.O. Box 2890, Sacramento, CA 95812-2890; or at www.ctec.org . If you have issues enrolling in a class, please call 1-800-472-5625 for support.
The course consists of 78 hours of instruction in Maryland, 89 hours of instruction in Oregon and 89 hours of instruction in California.
University of Phoenix® is a registered trademark of Apollo Group, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries. H&R Block does not automatically register hours with UOP. Students will need to contact UOP to request matriculation of credit. Additional fees may apply from the University of Phoenix®
Get Our Newsletter:
Bank products and services are offered by BofI Federal Bank.
All deposit accounts through BofI Federal Bank are FDIC insured through BofI Federal Bank.
Copyright © HRB Digital LLC.
I am not a robot
Check the box below to get your retail office coupon.
Listen to the audio and enter the challenge text
Extension Filers,
You are leaving H&R Block® and going to another website.
This is a friendly notice to tell you that you are now leaving the H&R Block website and will go to a website that is not controlled by or affiliated with H&R Block. This link is to make the transition more convenient for you. You should know that we do not endorse or guarantee any products or services you may view on other sites. For your protection, take a moment to carefully review their policies and procedures, as they may not be the same as those of H&R Block.
Cancel
Continue
the comfort of your home
With H&R Block Tax Pro Review, an H&R Block certified tax pro will review your taxes prior to you filing your return to ensure that you get your maximum refund guaranteed.
Having a Tax Pro review your completed return helps you:
Know you’re getting every cent possible.
Uncover missed credits or deductions.
Add-on Cost:
Yes, add Tax Pro Review for an additional .
Not now, let’s just get started. Don't add Tax Pro Review.
Add-on Cost:
Yes, add Tax Pro Review for an additional .
No, don't add Tax Pro Review. Let’s just get started for now
Add-on Cost:
Yes, add Tax Pro Review for an additional .
No, don't add Tax Pro Review. Let’s just get started for now
Add-on Cost:
Yes, add Tax Pro Review for an additional .
