Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the information practices of Bartleby.com, a Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. company (collectively, “Bartleby”) with respect to the services and related websites and applications operated by Bartleby (collectively, the “Sites”).
Information Bartleby Collects About You
Information You Provide to Us
Bartleby may collect information, including personal information, directly from you when you visit the Sites. For example, we collect information from you when you create a user account; make purchases through the Sites; subscribe to receive communications or notifications; or otherwise communicate with us through the Sites. We may also receive information about you from third parties such as social media sites or refer-a-friend programs, or when you post to any chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to users. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you specifically, and the types of Personal Information we collect may include your name, address, email address, phone number, credit card number, school attending, graduation year, and online identifiers (e.g., cookies).
Information Collected Automatically
Certain information about you may be collected automatically when you access or use the Sites. This information may include IP address, browser and device type, operating system characteristics, information about your use of the Sites, information about your location, and data regarding network-connected hardware (such as unique device identifiers, type, model, version, MAC address, device or session ID, functionality, performance data, and connection type). This information also may include clickstream data, which illustrates the page-by-page path(s) you take as you browse the Sites, and data regarding your treatment of our emails that we send to you (e.g., whether you open them, what portions of it you view, any links on which you click, etc.).
Cookies and Tracking GIFs.
We may use “cookies” and other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you visit the Sites. Cookies are small text files placed on visitors’ computers/devices to store information about their activities on the Sites, such as their user preferences. In addition to cookies, tracking GIFs may be set by us or third parties to collect information about your use of the Sites. Tracking GIFs are small image files embedded within the content of the Sites to monitor which parts of the Sites are visited and whether particular content is of interest.
We may also use cookies and other tracking technologies to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. When you are on our services, third-party ad partners may provide you with advertising based upon your interests. These companies may use technologies to collect data about users, including precise device location data, to help them tailor relevant ads and measure ads’ effectiveness. These companies may collect this data through tracking technologies or from users who view or interact with their advertisements.
Most web browsers are set to automatically accept cookies, but many provide options to allow you to stop accepting new cookies or to disable existing cookies. Please be aware that if you disable the cookies on your computer you may not be able to use certain features of the Sites, and disabling cookies may invalidate opt outs that rely on cookies to function.
Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit; such signals may prevent third parties from collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. California law requires us to disclose how the Sites respond to these kinds of “Do Not Track” signals. Like many websites, the Sites currently are not designed to respond to “Do Not Track” signals from visitors’ browsers. To learn more about “Do Not Track” you may wish to visit this site .
Bartleby’s Use of Your Personal Information
We may use information we obtain about you for various purposes, including to:
administer your account and respond to your requests, including service requests;
process a transaction you initiate, allow you to participate in features we offer and provide customer service, such as responding to questions, complaints or comments;
customize and facilitate the effective delivery of content supplied to you based on your use of the Sites and your geolocation;
contact you regarding your use of the Sites or, in our discretion, changes to our policies;
communicate with you and send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, push notifications through our mobile applications, or other means about products, services, contests, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications;
connect you with other users’ profiles;
prevent, investigate, and deal with fraud, violations of intellectual property rights, and other laws, as well as unauthorized use of the Sites or of your account;
comply with legal requirements, industry standards, and our policies;
maintain and improve the Sites and to develop new content and products; and
monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities of visitors to the Sites.
In addition, we may use information we obtain about you through your use of the Sites as otherwise reasonable and appropriate to fulfill Bartleby’s legitimate business needs related to our operation of the Sites.
How We May Share Your Information
Certain of our affiliates (such as parent companies, subsidiaries, or other companies within our corporate family), agents, vendors, consultants, the colleges and universities with which we have management agreements to perform retail bookstore services, and other service providers may have access to your Personal Information, such as name, address, email address, phone number, and student identification number, to carry out work on our behalf or to provide services or information to you. These third-party service providers and agents are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance.
We also may share information about you for the following purposes:
Disclosures as required by law or to prevent harm.  We may disclose IP addresses, mobile device identifiers, or any other information we collect to identify users, in our discretion and without notice to you, for purposes of cooperating with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers, or law enforcement agencies.
In the event of corporate sale or merger.  Bartleby may share information with third parties (such as purchasers, potential purchasers and their advisers) if Bartleby or a portion of its assets is sold or offered for sale. We reserve the right to transfer any information we obtain about you through the Sites in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, reorganization, or liquidation).
Public Forums
Some of the Sites may, from time to time, feature chat rooms, message boards, news groups and/or other public forums available to users. Any information that is disclosed in these areas may be visible to the public. You should exercise caution accordingly, and avoid disclosing Personal Information or other details that you do not want made public.
Children’s Privacy
The Sites are not intended for children, and are not targeted to children under the age of thirteen (13). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 and if we learn that we have received information from a user under the age of 13, we will delete this information in accordance with applicable law.
Security
Bartleby takes information security seriously and has taken reasonable measures to protect the Personal Information it collects by establishing appropriate administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect and prevent unauthorized access or other unintended disclosures.
Please be aware that submitting information over the Internet is inherently insecure and, accordingly, despite its reasonable efforts, Bartleby cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or disclosure will never occur.
Information for Users Outside the United States
This site is not directed at users outside of the United States. If you are visiting the Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect through the Sites will be transferred to and stored on our servers in the United States. By using the Sites, you acknowledge and consent to the transfer and processing of your Personal Information in the United States as described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that the data protection laws and regulations applicable to your Personal Information transferred to the United States may be different from the laws in your country of residence.
Links to Other Websites
The Sites may contain hyperlinks to other websites for your convenience and information. Those websites may be operated by entities not affiliated with Bartleby, and may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review. Bartleby is not responsible for the content or use of any linked websites that are not affiliated with Bartleby.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit the Sites to stay informed about our information practices. This policy was last modified on August 15, 2018.
Contact Us
If you have questions, comments, or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at customercare@bartleby.com .
California Residents – Your CA Privacy Rights
Residents of the State of California have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes and the categories of personal information the company shares. If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices regarding sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to the following email address: customercare@bartleby.com or write to us at the following mailing address: bartleby.com, 180 Varick Street, Suite 816, New York, NY 10014. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your e-mail or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
