513-271-4422
Effective 6/5/2015; Last Updated 6/5/2015
At Tire Discounters, we are committed to giving you quality service. As part of that commitment, we gather information about customers, users of our website, www.tirediscounters.com  (the “Site”), social media sites, and other services, as well as visitors so we can better serve you. Tire Discounters recognizes that the privacy and security of personal information is important to you. Because it is also important to us, we have implemented this Privacy Policy to tell you:
(1) What information we collect;
(2) How we use that information;
(3) With whom we may share it;
(4) The choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your information; and
(5) How you can access our information about you.
Your use of our Site is acceptance and agreement to the practices that are described in this Privacy Policy, which is incorporated as part of the Terms of Use  governing this website.
Information You Provide
Tire Discounters collects information in different ways when you interact with us, including when you:
Create an account
Request information, notification, or other communications from us
Leave comments and customer feedback
Use interactive portions of our Site
Visit our social media sites
Apply for a job
*opt out of our marketing email messages by clicking the unsubscribe link included in the footer of our emails.
Information you submit may include your name, email address, phone number, username and password, vehicle information, and other pertinent data (this list is not intended to be exhaustive). This information may be used to provide you with information you've requested about our company, our products and our services, to provide you with special notices, or to resolve customer issues you bring to our attention. You may opt out of receiving future communications when you submit your information, or by contacting us at any time (see Section 3. User Access and Control, below). This information may also be used to tailor your experience on our sites by providing content that is relevant to your interests and geographic region.
Automatically Collected Information
We may obtain and retain certain information automatically when you interact with our Site and emails. We use this information to enhance our services, create a more personalized experience, evaluate the operation and use of our Site, and to support our marketing campaigns. When you access and interact with the Site, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Site, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Site from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information for that device. We may collect this information using “cookies” and other website technologies (i.e., browser pixels, beacons, and Adobe flash technology).
“Cookies” and other website technologies are comprised of small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps, and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Site, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen.
Most browsers offer instructions on how to manage, control, and delete cookies in the Help section of the toolbar. You can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. You can also manually delete cookies from your computers. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content, or personalization available through the Site and may lessen your overall user experience.
Third parties that support the Site by providing services, such as tracking aggregate Site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. Tire Discounters does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies.
Information from other Sources
We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our business partners.
Business Use and Disclosure
We use your information to offer and provide our products and services to you and to perform our business operations, including order or service fulfillment, internal business processes, marketing, authentication, loss and fraud prevention, public safety and legal functions. Examples of these functions include:
To provide the services you request;
To measure and improve the Site and other features.
To improve your experience with the Site by providing content you may find relevant and interesting.
To provide you with support and to respond to inquiries.
To market new products and services that may be of use or interest to you.
To allow third-party service providers – such as contractors, agents, or sponsors – to assist us in providing and managing the Site and performing the services you request from us.
To contact you and send materials and notifications related to the Site and Tire Discounters.
We may share your name, email address and other contact information with our strategic partners so that they may assist you in using our products and services, contact you with offers, services or products that may be of interest to you, and if you consent, provide you with their products or services. Our partners are prohibited from using your contact information for any other purpose without your consent.
We may partner with select retailers and other companies at various times to provide expanded services to our site visitors. As part of such a relationship, we may share with these companies the use of certain interactive Web site functions (i.e. the E-Mail Reminder Service). Information provided by site visitors through the use of such interactive functions may be available to both Tire Discounters and our partners.
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event. When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties.
Other Use and Disclosure
There may be instances when Tire Discounters may disclose your information where Tire Discounters has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to:
Protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Tire Discounters, our employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our Terms of Use )
Protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Site or members of the publicÍ¾
Protect against fraud or for risk management purposesÍ¾ and
Comply with the law or legal process.
Other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified when any personally-identifiable information about you may be shared with third parties, and you will be given the opportunity to decline to share that information.
If you would like to access, review, correct, update, or otherwise request that we modify use of your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, you may contact using the information below. In your request, please include your email address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to access, change, update, or suppress. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
You may always opt-out of receiving future communications from us. Our Site allows users to opt-out of receiving such communications at the point where personal information is requested, or through other means as identified. If you want to stop receiving materials and notification, you can also contact using the information below. There are certain service notification communications that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the Site or policies.
Contact Us Form:   www.tirediscounters.com/contact
Mail: 3650 E. Kemper Road, Cincinnati, OH 45241
California Residents: You may request that we not share your personal information on a going forward basis with unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by emailing the contact provided above. We will work to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable.
The Site is for a general audience and is not intended for use by children under 13 years of age without permission from their parent or legal guardian. Tire Discounters does not knowingly collect information from children under 13 years of age. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe your child has disclosed personally identifiable information, please contact us and we will work to delete that information.
Tire Discounters works to use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality and integrity of personal information. We restrict the number of employees who have access to certain personal information. Employees who violate our privacy and security policies are subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination. We require the service providers who have access to your information to maintain the security of your information. We also mandate that our service providers only use the information solely for providing the services we request. We also work to use reasonable safeguards to protect your information in electronic format. However, we cannot ensure or guaranty the security of your information. Any information you provide to us is done so at your own risk.
Location of Data
The Site is hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States. United States data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. This includes the use of cookies and other tracking technologies as described above. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.
Linked Services
The Site may also be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. Tire Discounters is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the Site or click an advertisement you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service.
Passwords
The personal data record created through your registration with our Web site can only be accessed with the unique password associated with that record. To protect the integrity of the information contained in this record, you should not disclose or otherwise reveal your password to third parties.
Public Forums
The Site may make chat rooms, forums, message boards, and other methods of user-generated content available to its users at various times. Please remember that, unless otherwise stated, any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas.
Comments are the sole responsibility of the individual commenters. Tire Discounters reserves the right to delete any comments that include hate speech, libel, plagiarism, threats, personal attacks or off-topic assertions, and inappropriate language in order to protect the integrity of the site and its users. We do not edit comments for content.
Browser-Based Do Not Track
Some browsers incorporate a "Do Not Track" (DNT) feature that, when turned on, signals to websites and online services that you do not want to be tracked. We do not currently respond to DNT signals on this website or on websites where we provide advertisements, content, or other services.
 
Deals & Promotions
Sign Up
* SIGN UP TO RECEIVE MONTHLY DEALS, TIPS AND NEWSLETTER EMAILS FROM TIRE DISCOUNTERS.
Tires
