log off
Privacy Policy
Since the IT Account Manger may deal with sensitive user information, we feel it is important to make users aware of how their information is used, modified, transmitted, and protected.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you create an account on our site or fill out a form to contact the systems administrators.
When creating an account on our site, you will be asked to enter your: BYU Net ID with password, e-mail address, or phone number. Phone numbers are always optional. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
When modifying an account on our site, you may enter and change your: email address, phone number, or password.
When performing a password reset for a forgotten password, you will be asked to enter your: BYU Net ID with password and your BYU Student ID number.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Database to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After an account creation or password reset, not all of your private information (Student ID Number, BYU Net ID, and password) will not be stored on our servers.  Information that may be stored on our servers includes: name, password (encrypted), email address, phone number (optional), and username.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.)
We use cookies on the 'Contact Us' page only. This is to ensure that a form submission is legitimately coming from a user.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
Third party links
At our discretion, we may include or offer third party links on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their account at the 'Modify Account' page.  Any information that can't be modified by the user on that page may be modified by contacting sysadmin@it.et.byu.edu.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our User Agreement and Policies section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and the user account that may be created therein at https://accounts.it.et.byu.edu/policies-and-agreement.php .
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 28 July, 2010.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
https://accounts.it.et.byu.edu
Provo, Utah 84602
