Welcome to Harley-Davidson
 
Who is Harley-Davidson?
For purposes of this Notice, Harley-­Davidson is Harley-­Davidson, Inc. and its subsidiary and affiliate entities around the world (other than Harley-­Davidson Financial Services, Inc. and its subsidiary entities). Harley-­Davidson includes Harley­-Davidson Motor Company and Harley-­Davidson Dealer Systems. A list of relevant Harley­-Davidson entities can be found in the “How do I contact Harley­Davidson” section below.
Harley-Davidson Financial Services and Harley-Davidson HOG Chapters have their own privacy practices and privacy notice, including its own opt­in and opt­out process. This notice does not apply to them. Please visit: HDFS Privacy Notice to learn more about its privacy practices.
 
What kind of information does Harley-Davidson collect and when?
We may collect personal information from you when you visit one of our websites or stores, place an order with us online or by phone, make an in-store purchase, save your information with us online, contact us with a question or concern, or participate in a contest, promotion, or survey.
If we do not collect this personal information, we may not be able to provide you with the products and service you have requested. For purposes of this Privacy Notice, personal information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address, phone number, location data, gender, birthday, or personal interests. We maintain a record of your product interests and the purchases you make online, by phone, or in our stores. Information collected may be combined with information we acquire from our joint marketing partners or other unrelated third parties as permitted by local law.
Consent:
Privacy legislation requires Harley-Davidson to obtain the consent of an individual to the collection, use or disclosure of personal information in many circumstances.
By providing your personal information to Harley-Davidson, you agree that Harley-Davidson may collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and as otherwise permitted or required by law, and that Harley-Davidson may access, process and store your personal information in U.S. or another jurisdiction.
When Harley-Davidson receives personal information from you for the purposes of providing you with Harley-Davidson’s services, products or for other uses identified herein by Harley-Davidson, you are providing Harley-Davidson with consent as follows:
To allow Harley-Davidson to use your personal information for all the purposes listed herein;
To allow Harley-Davidson to provide your personal information to third parties as discussed herein as well as third parties it engages to provide or support Harley-Davidson’s websites;
 To allow Harley-Davidson to use and store your personal information for the purpose of providing you with the products and services you purchase or otherwise obtain from Harley-Davidson and to utilize this website; and
To allow Harley-Davidson to transfer your personal information outside of U.S. (whereby your personal information will be treated in accordance with applicable foreign laws) for the purpose of storage and use of your personal information by Harley-Davidson.
If you need to provide Harley-Davidson with personal information about other individuals, you represent and warrant to Harley-Davidson that, where required by law and prior to your disclosure to Harley-Davidson, you will obtain the consent of each individual to the collection, use and disclosure by Harley-Davidson for the specific purpose(s) that the disclosure is made by you.
Providing Harley-Davidson with your personal information is always your choice. When you request products and/or services from Harley-Davidson, utilize Harley-Davidson’s services, or register with any of Harley-Davidson’s websites, Harley-Davidson asks that you provide information that enables Harley-Davidson to respond to your request and/or provide you with Harley-Davidson’s products or services. In doing so, you consent to Harley-Davidson’s collection, use and disclosure to appropriate third parties of such personal information for these purposes, as discussed herein.
Electronic Communications: Where applicable, we will seek your express consent to contact you, including by way of commercial electronic messages. You can unsubscribe at any time from receiving commercial electronic messages by following the instructions in such messages. Even if you have opted out of receiving promotional communications from us, please be aware that we may still contact you for other purposes. For example, we may contact you to provide communications you have consented to receive, regarding the products or services we provide to you, or if you contact us with an inquiry.
How does Harley-Davidson use my information?
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To personalize and enhance your experiences when you interact with Harley-Davidson
To enable Harley-Davidson to provide you with the highest quality experiences, products, services and motorcycles
To process and fulfill your orders, which includes sending you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and send you information by email, postal mail, telephone (including autodialed or pre-recorded call), text message, or other means about our products, services, contests, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To administer contests and promotions, and to respond to your requests
To help us learn more about your motorcycle and retail preferences
To help us manage and improve our websites, events, experiences, products and services
To update you on membership programs, benefits and services, and to enhance your membership experience
To authenticate you
To perform market and demographic research
To establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against any legal claims, or when necessary, to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected illegal activities or fraud, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of you, us, or a third party
o enhance your ownership experience
To contact you if necessary, including by autodialed or pre-recorded call
Keeping Information Accurate / Access and Correction:
It is important to Harley-Davidson that your personal information held by Harley-Davidson is accurate and complete. Having accurate information about you enables Harley-Davidson to give you better service. You can help Harley-Davidson keep personal information up-to-date by keeping Harley-Davidson informed of any changes, such as a change of address, telephone number or any other circumstances.
With some exceptions, Harley-Davidson has the right to access, verify and amend the information Harley-Davidson has about you after Harley-Davidson has received your written request and authenticated your identity.
In some situations, Harley-Davidson may not be able to provide access to certain personal information as the right to access personal information is not absolute.  If Harley-Davidson does not provide you with the requested information, Harley-Davidson will notify you in writing and explain Harley-Davidson’s reason(s) for not fulfilling your request.
Despite Harley-Davidson’s efforts, errors sometimes do occur. If you identify any personal information that is out-of-date, incorrect or incomplete, let Harley-Davidson know and Harley-Davidson will make the corrections promptly and use every reasonable effort to communicate these changes to other parties who may have inadvertently received incorrect or out-of-date personal information from Harley-Davidson.
Retention and Destruction of Personal Information:
The amount of time Harley-Davidson will retain personal information varies, depending on the services Harley-Davidson has provided and the nature of the personal information that Harley-Davidson holds.  Harley-Davidson retains personal information for such period of time as is necessary for Harley-Davidson to maintain sufficient information, so Harley-Davidson may respond to any issues that arise at a later date or as is required by law.
Legal requirements, however, may require us to retain some or all of the personal information we hold for a period of time that is longer than that for which we might otherwise hold.
When personal information is no longer required by Harley-Davidson or by law, Harley-Davidson will either convert it into an aggregated non-identifying form or Harley-Davidson will appropriately destroy or erase the personal information in a manner that is in accordance with Harley-Davidson’s current policies and procedures.
 
How does Harley-Davidson use cookies or tracking?
Harley-Davidson and third-party companies we work with use tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on your behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the Internet. Harley-Davidson and these companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and other sites, as well as your interaction with our advertising and other communications, and use this information to determine which ads you see on websites and applications.
 
Does Harley-Davidson share my information?
We may share your personal information within Harley-Davidson throughout the world ­ including with Harley-Davidson Inc., HD U.S.A. LLC, Harley-Davidson Motor Company Group LLC, Harley-Davidson Motor Company Inc., Harley-Davidson Motor Company Operations Inc., and Harley-Davidson Dealer Systems Inc., all of which are based in the USA ­ to assist us in providing personalized experiences offering products or services that may be of interest to you, and to process online orders and other requests. We also collect information from and share information with our independent dealers and Harley-Davidson Financial Services. We may also share personal information with nonaffiliated companies that provide services on our behalf. We take steps to ensure that these companies are contractually obligated to keep the personal information that we provide to them confidential and to use such information only as we permit.
We may also share personal information with nonaffiliated companies that market Harley-Davidson branded products and services, or in connection with your financial obligations concerning a Harley-Davidson product or service. These companies have their own privacy practices and notices.
If we sell all or part of our business or assets or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your personal information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.
There may be instances where the law requires we disclose your personal information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, to respond to a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or another government agency, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against any legal claims, or when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or respond to suspected breaches of our website terms and conditions, illegal activities, fraud, or to protect the safety, rights, or property of you, us, or a third party. Harley-Davidson implements contractual guarantees to help protect your personal information.
The entities above may be established in countries other than your own. By submitting your personal information, you agree to such transfers.
How do I access or change my information?
You can review and change certain personal information using one of our online sites (such as on harley­-davidson.com ). To access your information at a Harley­Davidson website, simply sign in to your account using your email address and password, and you will be able to edit certain personal information in your account profile.
 
How do I make choices about receiving promotional communications?
 
How do I Opt-In or Opt-Out of Promotional Communications
If you change your mind about your current communication preferences with Harley­-Davidson you can use the unsubscribe feature in a marketing email or log into your online profile account to change your preferences and consents. You can also contact our customer service team via phone or mail as described in the section entitled "How do I contact Harley-­Davidson?".
We are required by law to provide motorcycle owners with warranty and recall information. Please note that when you make a business transaction with us (for example, renew HOG or Museum membership or purchase a product online) we will confirm your order status and shipment by email. We may also need to contact you via telephone, email (in accordance with applicable laws) or postal mail with questions or information regarding your order. Opt outs are entity specific. Opting out with respect to one entity is not automatically effective with respect to the others. For example, opting out for Harley-­Davidson Motor Company does not opt you out for Harley-­Davidson Financial Services.
 
Does this affect my communications with Harley-Davidson Dealers?
 
How does Harley-Davidson protect children’s privacy?
 
Protecting your data is of utmost importance to us. Harley­-Davidson maintains physical, electronic, contractual, procedural and managerial safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, security, and privacy of your personal information.
 
What about links to other websites?
 
How am I updated about changes to the Harley-Davidson Privacy Notice?
 
Who do I contact with questions on the Privacy Notice?
 
Who do I contact with questions on the Privacy Notice?
As Harley-Davidson business or outside business conditions change, we may update Notice to reflect changes in our practices. We will post a revised Privacy Notice on our website as needed due to changes in our practices or as otherwise legally required.
For questions specific to our Privacy Notice, send your question or concern to:
Milwaukee, WI 53201
Your California Privacy Rights
 
How do I contact Harley-Davidson?
 
*Prices listed are the Manufacturer’s Suggested Retail Prices for base models. Options such as color are available at additional cost. Prices exclude tax, title, licensing, registration fees, destination charges, added accessories, and additional dealer charges, if any, and are subject to change. Harley-Davidson reimburses dealers for performing manufacturer-specified pre-delivery inspection and setup tasks. Dealer prices may vary.
