Your Account Center
Learn about how to update your account, login and profile, and other personal information.
Privacy Information & Policies
Get information on how we protect your data and privacy and our apps terms and conditions.
Your preferences & subscriptions
OVERVIEW
In IBB Builders Merchants LTD, we care about our customers privacy. Integrity and information security has always been a top priority, both due to legislation and for market requirements. With the introduction of The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 25th of May, we also have updated our Privacy Policy to comply with the new set of regulations.
The EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) comes into force across the European Union on 25th May 2018 and brings with it the most significant changes to data protection law in two decades. The new Regulation aims to standardise data protection laws and processing; affording individuals stronger, more consistent rights to access and control their personal information.
WHO WE ARE
IBB Builders Merchants Ltd
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes [first name, last name, username or similar identifier,  title, [date of birth] and gender]].Contact Data includes [billing address, home address, email address and telephone numbers].
Financial Data includes payment card details
Transaction Data includes [details about you/your business trading history, including payments from you/your business].
Technical Data includes [internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website/or any apps].
Profile Data includes [your username and password, products/services provided to you/your business,
Usage Data includes information as to how you use our website.
Marketing and Communications Data includes [your preferences as to whether you are happy to receive marketing from us and, if so, your communication preferences].
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your [Identity, Contact and Financial Data] by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, via this website, apps or on social media, or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you or your business:
subscribe to our newsletter and/or other publications;
request a brochure or other promotional or marketing materials to be sent to you/your business;
purchase goods [and/or services] at one of IBB Builders merchants branch;
purchase goods [and/or services] via our website or IBB Estimator App;
give us some feedback.
DATA RETENTION
We will retain your Personal Data for as long as you maintain an account or as otherwise necessary to provide you the Services. We will also retain your Personal Data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Where we no longer need to process your Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we will delete your Personal Data from our systems. Where permissible, we will also delete your Personal Data upon your request. Information on how to make a deletion request can be found  here.
If you have questions about our data retention practices, please contact us through our contact form .
SECURITY
We implement appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of Personal Data and against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to Personal Data. Please be advised, however, that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with the storage and transmission of Personal Data.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about how we handle your Personal Data, then you may contact us through our  contact form  or write to us at:
IBB Builders Merchants LTD
Use of Cookies by IBB Builders Merchants
We do use cookies on the IBB Builders Merchants website.  Please be assured we do not collect or store personal data via the cookies used on any of the websites.
When someone visits one of our websites we collect session information to enable the customer the best possible journey through our website, as well as standard analytics information about how our website is performing for our customers. The analytics information is collected to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the websites. We collect this information in a way which does not show us the identity of any of the website customers. In all instances where we use Cookies, the purpose and intention from IBB Builders Merchants is to improve the customer journey on our website whilst keeping the confidence and privacy of our customers.
What are Cookies?
Cookies are files that store information on your hard drive or browser which means that the IBB Builders Merchants can recognise that you have visited one of our website website before. Cookies make it easier for you to maintain your preferences on IBB Builders Merchants website.  This is important to us and you because we want to make sure our websites are as user friendly as possible ensuring you have a good experience when browsing or purchasing on our website.
Subscribe to receive exclusive offers and newsletters from IBB Builders Merchants and get 20 % off for all purchases 
Builder Magazine Feed
