From common diagnostics to tips to fuel efficiency, we’ve got expertise that’s well worth exploring.
Get financing and flexibility with a Jiffy Lube Credit Card.
This is a gift that’s practical, functional and unexpectedly cool.
Create your Jiffy Lube® Dashboard
Here’s a great way to Leave Worry Behind: The Jiffy Lube Dashboard puts the information you need about your vehicle(s) in one neat, simple, easy-to-access place — 24 hours a day.
Welcome Back, !
Welcome back to your own personal Jiffy Lube Dashboard. Enjoy how great it is to have all the information you need about your vehicle(s) in one neat, simple, easy-to-access place — 24 hours a day.
From our history and mission to Jiffy Lube technicians, read all about us.
From press releases to recommendations, we invite you to read all about us.
Learn more about how Jiffy Lube can help you turn your dreams into reality.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Jiffy Lube® is one of the largest providers of preventive maintenance and light duty repair in North America.
Privacy Policy
 
 
Jiffy Lube highly values its customer relationships and we created this Statement to describe to you:
the information we collect about you,
how that information may be used,
with whom it may be shared,
how you may access the information you provide us,
and your choices about such uses and disclosures.
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
 
 
 
Information about Others. We may also collect and store personal information that you provide to us about another person (such as through the "Tell a Friend" feature of our website) including name and e-mail address.
 
 
We may use information that we collect about you to:
deliver the products and services that you have requested;
manage your customer relationship and provide you with customer service and support;
perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
communicate with you by e-mail, text message, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, other Shell companies or other third parties;
develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our website;
verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with promotions, contests and sweepstakes;
manage our business; and
perform functions as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.
3. WITH WHOM WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
 
a. Personal Information
 
 
 
 
Other Situations. We also may disclose your personal information:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Jiffy Lube, our customers, our employees, or others.
In connection with a corporate transaction, such as the sale of a franchise, a merger or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
b. Aggregated and Non-personal Information
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
a. Notice to California Residents
If you are a resident of California, in addition to the rights set forth in this Statement, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California law gives you the right to send us a request at a designated address to receive the following information:
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year
the names and addresses of the third parties that received that information; and
if the nature of the third party's business cannot be determined from their name, examples of the products or services marketed.
 
b. Children's Privacy
 
c. Changes to this Privacy Policy Statement
 
 
 
Follow Jiffy Lube®
Jiffy Lube, the Jiffy Lube design mark and Jiffy Lube Signature Service are registered trademarks of Jiffy Lube International, Inc.
Jiffy Lube service centers are owned and operated by independent franchisees.
