WARNING: Your browser is old, we suggest try a newer version.
products
Policy last updated: February 9, 2015
Esurance values its relationship with you. Protecting the privacy of your information is of the  greatest importance to us.
This Policy describes  our personal information handling practices. In this Policy, "personal  information" means information about you as an identifiable individual.
Esurance may modify  this policy from time to time. The current policy is always available at www.esurance.ca .
Our Commitment
We are regulated by  federal and provincial laws protecting the confidentiality and security of your  information, as well as our use and disclosure of it.
Whether  you are a current, former, or potential customer, Esurance treats your personal  information with the same high level of confidentiality and security.
We never  sell your personal information.
We only  share your personal information as necessary to provide the insurance products  and services you have requested or to contact you about Esurance's products and  services.
We do not share information with  third parties for marketing purposes unless we have your prior permission to do  so. This is our pledge to you.
Our use and disclosure of information
At Esurance, we gather  information about you that may be used to process and service your application and/or insurance policy, settle your claims, offer you additional products and  services that we think may be of interest to you, for research and analytics purposes, and as permitted or directed by  you. We collect personal information from you directly, through transactions  and communications with you, and through services performed for you. We may  also obtain personal information from third parties, such as consumer reporting  agencies, with your consent or from other third parties who you have consented  to providing information to us. The form of consent may vary depending on the  circumstances and the type of information being sought. In limited cases, we  may obtain personal information about you without your consent if we are permitted  to do so by law.
Information we collect from you
This includes information you provide us when you apply for our products or request services,  either on the internet, by phone, or by other means. It may include information  such as your name, address, residence information, telephone number, email  address, vehicle information, drivers license number, driving history, current  or former insurance information, social insurance number, gender, educational  background, date of birth, marital status and Esurance web pages visited. It  also includes information from your communications with us such as letters,  telephone calls, and emails.
Information we collect from third parties
This includes information we collect from insurance support organizations, such as consumer  reporting agencies and other third parties. It includes information such as  motor vehicle reports, consumer credit information, demographic information, insurance histories, and claims reports. Information obtained from insurance  support organizations may be retained by such organizations and disclosed to  other persons as permitted by law.
Information about your transactions
This includes information about your transactions with us and others, including our affiliates. It  includes information such as your policy coverage levels, account balances, claims history, and billing information.
Information we disclose
The above-described types of personal and other types of information about our current, former, or  potential customers may be disclosed, but only as permitted or required by law, or as permitted or directed by the customer or consumer.
We may disclose such  information to affiliated and unaffiliated insurance companies, insurance  agents, reinsurance companies, and insurance support organizations, such as  consumer reporting agencies, government entities, and claims administrators. We may also disclose information to unaffiliated third parties that perform  services or functions on our behalf including the marketing of our products or  services. Further, we may also disclose information as necessary to affect,  administer, or enforce a transaction that you request or authorize.
The following are  examples of situations in which we may disclose information:
Your information may be passed between us and our agents, appraisers, attorneys,  investigators, and others who may be involved in the sales and marketing of Esurance products and services, processing of applications, and servicing of  policies or claims.
We provide  your policy information to adjusters and other appropriate business entities  that make any necessary repairs to your vehicle when you are involved in a  claim.
We may  provide your information to others whom we determine need such information to  perform insurance or other professional functions for us. These may include  parties helping us with administrative services and consumer reporting  agencies.
We may  supply information as required by search warrant, subpoena, or legal process when  required by law, or to protect our own legal interests in the event of suspected illegal or fraudulent activities.
If we  collect your information as an agent for one of our business partners, we may  use it to contact you or make you an offer regarding auto insurance that may be of interest to you.
We may  disclose your information to third parties to confirm insurance, settle claims  and resolve disputes, and enforce our legal rights
Any entity that we may  share your information with is required to keep the information confidential  and use it only for the purposes for which it was shared, except as otherwise required  or permitted by law.
Withdrawal of consent and retention of  information
We retain personal  information for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we  collected the information, or as may be appropriate in light of applicable  laws, regulations, or government orders. However, you may withdraw your  consent to certain uses of your personal information (for example, see the "Esurance communications" and "Website cookies and other digital markers" sections below). If  you withdraw your consent, we may still retain your personal information, as  applicable, for at least as long as we have a business relationship with you,  there are any outstanding claims or possible claims, and/or in keeping with our  record retention schedule and legal obligations. When we dispose of personal  information, we use reasonable procedures designed to prevent unauthorized  persons from gaining access to such information during or after the destruction  process.
Esurance communications
As an Esurance  policyholder, you may be contacted by Esurance regarding your policy and our  products and services, such as billing notices, confirmations of changes,  changes to our products, and other Esurance-specific communications. You may not unsubscribe from  Esurance-specific communications that relate to your primary usage of our  service and products and you agree to receive these if you make a purchase.
From time to time,  Esurance may contact you about third-party promotions. In addition, prior to  purchasing a policy or after cancelling your policy, Esurance may contact you to  confirm your quote or invite you to come back and get a new quote or purchase a  policy. You will have the ability to unsubscribe from whichever type of  communication you received.
Website cookies and other digital markers
Esurance  collects information about website visits. This includes information such as how  you linked to our website, your Internet protocol (IP) address, your browser  type, and your time of visit. Esurance may use third-party web analytic and  advertising services (our "third-party ad servers") such as Atlas and  DoubleClick to assist with this collecting and tracking of website visits.
Esurance and its  third-party ad servers may use technology that includes digital markers such as  pixels in our emails, on our website, and on websites on which we advertise, to  support site tracking, measure site performance, and for product marketing.
For example, one of our  third-party ad servers may place a cookie on your computer that, in conjunction  with pixels stored on our web pages, helps to identify your computer when you  return, to personalize aspects of your experience at our site, and to better  understand how visitors are using our site, all of which helps us to  continually improve your experience on our site.
Your browser must be  set to accept Esurance's cookies in order to properly navigate the Esurance  site. If you would like more information about the use of cookies and pixels by  our third-party ad servers, including how to opt out of their use of these  technologies, please visit  this website .
Confidential and secure environment
Esurance is strongly  committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of your information  against unauthorized access and disclosure. As examples, we use encryption  technology to protect your information and only allow those with a "need  to know" to ever access it.
Esurance uses  encryption technology to protect your information. Our web servers have been  enabled with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to prevent unauthorized  parties from viewing personal information provided to Esurance during a secure  session.
All secure pages on our  website have been issued a digital certificate by Secure Server Certification  Authority. You can view this digital certificate affirming the security of our site by clicking on the image of the closed lock at the bottom of your browser  window. A small frame displaying our site's security information will appear.  Click on "Certification Path" to verify that you are on the Esurance site. Click on "Issuer Statement" to verify our site's certification  authority.
We restrict access to  your personal information to our employees, our affiliates' employees, or  others who need to know that information to service your account or provide services or functions on our behalf. We maintain strict physical, electronic, and  procedural safeguards to protect your personal information.
International Transfers
Esurance may retain the services of or provide its services to you through  affiliates and third party service providers who are located outside of Canada.  Esurance uses contractual and other means to protect your personal information  when it is used or retained by affiliates and third party service providers.  Esurance requires affiliates and third party service providers who receive your  personal information from us to only use your personal information for the  purposes for which it was collected and to provide your personal information  with a comparable level of protection. However, your personal information will  be subject to the laws of the jurisdictions in which our affiliates and third  party service providers are located.
Links to other companies on the Esurance  website
The Esurance website  contains links to our business partners and links to other sites offering  valuable information. If you choose to provide any personal information  directly to any of these entities, the collection and disclosure of your  personal information by that entity will be governed solely by that entity's  privacy policy. Esurance makes no representations or warranties regarding these  sites.
Reviewing or correcting your information
As a policyholder, you  can always review and update your information through your account on our  website at www.esurance.ca or by calling our customer service center  at 1-888-ESURANCE (1-888-378-7262) .
All consumers have the  right to know the personal information that Esurance has about them and to request  changes to that information. To make such an inquiry, please call our customer  service center or write to the address listed below and identify the  information you would like. You will be required to provide certain personal  information for identity verification purposes. If your information is  immediately accessible when you call, the customer service representative will  review it with you and you may make changes to it at that time. If your  information is not immediately accessible when you contact us, Esurance will  inform you of the types of information, usually within 30 days.
If you would like to  further review the information, you may review and copy the information in  person at our customer service center or request a copy be sent to you by mail.  Esurance may charge a fee for providing a copy by mail.
Information Request
To contact Esurance with questions, compliments or complaints regarding  Esurance's privacy practices or this privacy policy, please write to us the  address below, or send an email to:
Esurance Insurance Company of Canada
As part of the  underwriting process, we  obtain information about your insurance and claims history from CGI, and your  credit report information from TransUnion, CGI and TransUnion are independent,  third-party companies.
You may request a free copy of  your consumer report containing information with respect to your insurance and  claims history, by going under the "Support" tab on the CGI website and completing a request form. You can also contact the helpdesk at 1-888-430-9906.
To  request your free consumer report, mail or fax your completed form to:
CGI  Technical Assistance Centre
Montreal, PQ, H3G 1T4
Fax: 1-514-415-3889
You may request a free copy of your Consumer  Disclosure from TransUnion by mail, in person or over the phone as specified  under the "Personal" and "Credit Report" tabs on the TransUnion Canada website . The TransUnion  Consumer Disclosure is a complete account of all the  information on your credit report.
To  request your free Consumer Disclosure in person, bring the identifying  information specified on the TransUnion website to one of TransUnion's provincial consumer  offices,
To  request your free Consumer Disclosure by phone using TransUnion’s Interactive  Voice Response system, dial: 1(800)663-9980 (Prompt 1).
To request your free  Consumer Disclosure by mail, download the request form from the  TransUnion website and mail it, along  with the identifying information specified on the website, to:
TransUnion Consumer Relations  Department
P.O. Box 338, LCD1
Hamilton, ON L8L 7W2
Esurance Insurance Company of Canada
All rights reserved.
Esurance Insurance Company of Canada
you’re being redirected to Kanetix.ca, who can help you find a policy that’s right for you.
Esurance coverage isn’t currently available in your province.
