Last revised May 22nd, 2018.
 
 
Capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our Terms of Use available at  https://www.spot.im/disclaimer/terms/  (the “Terms“), which this Privacy Policy is incorporated thereto by reference.
1. Privacy Self-Regulation
Spot.IM is dedicated to providing internet users the highest level of transparency and control over the use of their data in online advertising. Spot.IM adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles set forth by the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA). Spot.IM also adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Europe Online Behavioural Advertising Framework. To update your AdChoices Opt Out settings, select your region here .
2. Your Consent (PLEASE READ CAREFULLY!)
By accessing and/or using the service (or any part thereof), you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy policy, including to the collection and processing of your personal information (as defined below). If you disagree to any term provided herein, please do not access and/or use the service in any manner whatsoever.
3. Which information we may collect on our Users?
 
 
 
 
Personal Information which is being gathered may consist of the following:
 
 
 
 
For avoidance of doubt, any Non-personal Information connected or linked to any Personal Information shall be deemed as Personal Information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
4. How Do We Collect Information on Our Users?
There are four main methods we use:
 
1. We collect information through your interaction or use of the Service.
 
2. We collect information which you provide us voluntarily.
 
3. When you communicate with us
 
 
​
5. What are the Purposes of the Collection of Information?
We collect Personal Information for the following purposes:
 
1. Personalizing your Experience
 
2. Security and protecting rights
 
3. Advertising
 
4. Direct Marketing 
 
5. Service Improvement
 
6. Research and Analytics
 
7. Communications
We use the information that we have to communicate with you – for example, we will use your contact details to respond to your queries or feedback, and to provide you with technical assistance and support.
6. Interest-based Advertising & User Choice
Through our Service (including websites and apps that deploy our Service), we may provide advertisements that are tailored to you, for example ads that are based on your recent browsing behavior across different websites, browsers, or devices.
 
 
 
 
Please note that opting out will not prevent you from seeing ads sourced from us on our Service or on other websites, but it will affect the types of ads that you will see. These ads will no longer be tailored to your interests and instead will be chosen based on the particular website that you are viewing (i.e. contextually based ads). Because our tracking mechanisms operate at the device and browser level, to fully opt-out across devices, you will need to do so on each device and browser individually. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit the EDAA consumer choice page, your-opt out may not be effective.
7. Sharing Information with Third Parties
 
 
 
 
 
For avoidance of doubt, Spot.IM may transfer and disclose to third parties or otherwise use Non-personal Information at its sole discretion.
8. International Data Transfers
 
We use best efforts to ensure that your Personal Information is protected in accordance with our privacy policy, through contractual means (such as by using the contractual clauses approved by the relevant regulators for data transfer) or other means (such as ensuring that the jurisdiction imposes adequate safeguards for data protection). In any event, by using or accessing this Service, you consent to your information being collected, used, and transferred as disclosed herein. In certain instances, the data protection and other laws of these jurisdictions may not be as comprehensive as those in your country – but we will accord by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
9. User Rights
If you reside in the EU, you may request to:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
However, please note that these rights are not absolute, and may be subject to our own legitimate interests and regulatory requirements.
If you have any general questions about the Personal Information we collect and the ways we use it, please contact us at privacy@spot.im .
10. Retention
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary to provide our services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies. Retention periods shall be determined taking into account the type of information that is collected and the purpose for which it is collected for, bearing in mind the requirements applicable to the situation and the need to destroy outdated, unused information at the earliest reasonable time.
11. Children
 
Spot.IM does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the Age of Majority and does not wish to do so. We reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the Age of Majority are not using the Service. In the event that it comes to our knowledge that a person under the Age of Majority is using the Service, we will prohibit and block such User from accessing the Service and will make all efforts to promptly delete any Personal Information stored with us with regard to such User.
12. Security
 
However, we do not and cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.
13. Third Party Software/Service
While using the Service we may be using third party software and/or service, in order to collect and/or process the information detailed herein. Such software includes without limitation, Amazon Web Services, which privacy policy can be found at:  http://aws.amazon.com/privacy/ .
14. Third Party Software/Service
 
 
We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and the terms of use or service of such third parties, as their terms, not ours, will apply to any of your interactions with such third parties.
15. Tracking Technologies
 
These Tracking Technologies allow third parties to automatically collect information about you (including your Personal Information, such as your IP address or other unique identifiers, your device’s location or hashed email address) and your online behavior, as well as your device, in order to enhance your navigation on our Platform, improve our Platform’s performance and customize your experience on our Platform, as well as for behavioral advertising and fraud prevention purposes. We also use this information to collect statistics about the usage of our Service, perform analytics, deliver content which is tailored to your interests and administer services to our Users, advertisers, publishers, customers and partners. To learn more please visit our Cookie Policy .
16. Changes to the Privacy Policy
 
 
Such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on any of the above mentioned methods. Otherwise, all other changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as of the stated “Last Revised” date, and your continued use of the Platform after the Last Revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.
16. Have Any Questions?
 
Spot.IM Ltd,
Yigal Alon 94, Tel Aviv, Israel, 6789156.
You may also approach our representative at the EU at:  spot.im@gdpr-rep.com .
