Invoice Cloud, Inc. (“Invoice Cloud”) is a technology leader in information commerce. We help businesses, such as merchants, software companies and partners, safely process customer transactions and understand the information related to those transactions.
Protecting the privacy of users of the Invoice Cloud operated websites is important to us. Invoice Cloud is committed to the security and privacy of our customers’ and their customers’ data. This Privacy Policy explains our commitment to safeguarding our billers and their customers’ data and describes our data handling practices. This Privacy Policy lists the types of data Invoice Cloud collects, explains how we use and protect that data, and discloses our key procedures surrounding privacy.
By accessing any of our services or company operated websites (including those used by and containing the names of our billers(the “Site(s)”, you signify that your use is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by modifying the Privacy Policy and posting a new version here the new version will become effective immediately.
The following sections make up our Privacy Policy.
How Invoice Cloud Protects Your Privacy Internally
Invoice Cloud will not review, share, distribute, or reference any Services Data (as defined below) except as provided in the Biller Agreement, this Privacy Policy or as may be required by law.
Invoice Cloud wants your Business Information (as defined below) and the Customer Information (as defined below) to remain as secure as reasonably possible. We adhere to industry-standard technical safeguards and strict agreements with our employees who are permitted to access our customers’ Business Information or Customer Information to maintain confidentiality of such information. When you conduct a transaction online, Invoice Cloud uses SSL encryption to encrypt your information before it is sent to us in order to ensure the integrity and privacy of the information that you provide to us via the Internet. Our services are hosted on servers that are co-located at a third-party facility with whom we have a contract providing for security measures. For example, hosted Services Data (as defined below) is submitted via SSL encryption and stored on a server equipped with industry standard firewalls.
Hosted data may include Services Data (defined below) and personally identifiable information and other information that belongs to our billers, our customers’ customers, website visitors, or other users. Business Information and Customer Information collected by Invoice Cloud may include your or your customer’s data entered in the course of using our services or performing transactions (“Services Data”). Invoice Cloud will not review, share, distribute, or reference any such Services Data except as provided in the Biller Agreement, or as may be required by law. Individual records of Services Data may be viewed or accessed by authorized Invoice Cloud employees, agents or independent contractors only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issues, suspected violation of the service or license agreement, or as may be required by law. Invoice Cloud policy requires that both employees and consultants execute a confidentiality agreement before working for and with Invoice Cloud. Those employees that violate our Privacy Policy are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination. In every case, customers are responsible for maintaining the security and confidentiality of their usernames and passwords.
Business Information and Customer Information Collection and Use By Invoice Cloud
Invoice Cloud collects the Business Information and Customer Information necessary to enable us to respond to your requests for our products and services, for you to use our services, to perform transactions, and to send you information regarding our products and services from time to time. Since many of the users of our products and Sites use the aforementioned capabilities in their capacity as employees of companies, governmental authorities and other organizations (collectively “organizations”), much of the Business Information and Customer Information we collect will be in that capacity (rather than information about you individually, such as your personal tastes, etc.). For these purposes, we have defined “Business Information” as any information that identifies or may identify an organization or an individual contact at an organization or that allows others to contact an organization or an individual contact at an organization. For these purposes, we have defined “Customer Information” as any information that is provided by customers of organizations that use the Invoice Cloud products and services such as name, address, balances, payment amounts, account number, e-mail address and other relevant account information. When you use our Site to perform or process transactions, you may be asked to submit Services Data such as:
Your name, mailing address, city, state, zip code, email address, phone number,
Your bill payment (including payment amount and designated payee),
Your credit or debit card or bank account numbers, expiration date, cardholder name,
Tax ID, Social Security Number (SSN), and/or employer identification number.
When you visit the Site, you may also be asked to submit information such as email address, company name, address, and/or phone number. In addition, we collect credit card and related payment information when you or your customers use our products, or services, online in the processing of transactions. Our information collection and use practices are described in more detail below:
Services Registration/Account Set Up: You may be asked, on behalf of your organization, to complete registration/activation form(s) on the Sites or on paper, with contact information for use by Invoice Cloud in accordance with this policy. Registration or activation information may include the name of your company, contact information, product information, customer ID, bank account information, federal ID numbers, bank account, credit card, ACH, contact information, and other relevant information in order to set up accounts and process transactions.
Customer Profile: We also collect Business Information and Customer Information when you or your customers create a profile or account on some of the Sites. This information is required in order to access certain areas of the Sites, perform transactions, and request information from us about our products and services. This information includes organization name, contact information and other information, and the products and services you may have licensed. We use this information in accordance with this policy to identify you, process your requests, and administer your Invoice Cloud account(s).
Support: We may offer certain limited online support services at the Sites. If you access online support on any of the Sites, you may be asked for information such as customer ID, product name, product version, and other information to help us determine what the technical issues are and how best to help you resolve them. In addition, certain products and services may allow you to submit support-related questions directly from the product.
Cookies: We also use Cookies to enhance the user experience, deliver personalized content, and collect information about the use of the Sites. “Cookies” are small computer files that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive. Cookies allow us to statistically monitor how many people are using the Sites and for what purposes, how often someone visits the Sites, and the length of their stay. We also use Cookies to prevent you from having to re-enter your identification and password information each time you visit our Sites. Cookies are not designed to retrieve personal or business data from your hard drive or your email. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies, but users can change the setting to refuse Cookies or to be alerted when Cookies are being sent. Although refusal of Cookies will not interfere with the ability to interact with most of the Sites, you may need to accept Cookies in order to access information and use certain functions. For example, Cookies are required to be accepted for access to our web-based services or desktop products with online features. The Cookies are renewed each time a user logs on to one of the Sites that uses Cookies.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our Site or give us in any other way. See this Privacy Policy for examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features.
Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources such as your customer or your biller and add it to our account information.
Disclosure of Your Business Information and Customer Information
From time to time, Invoice Cloud may be required to release Business Information and/or Customer Information: 1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order; 2) to enforce or apply the terms of any of our billers, service or license agreements; or 3) in special cases, such as protecting the rights, property, or safety of Invoice Cloud, our customers, or others. We may also provide Business Information to government agencies and to our third party service providers including payment processors, clearinghouses, payment settlement organizations, credit card processors and banks, and contractors (“Partners”) to: enable the services, and the processing of transactions using Business Information, Customer Information and/or Services Data, and/or provide you with a product or service requested by you. Invoice Cloud also may use and disclose Customer Information and Business Information in the aggregate that does not allow you to be identified to, or contacted by, third parties (“Aggregate Information”). For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of the Sites and the activities they conduct while on the Sites.
Partner and Government Services: Invoice Cloud may engage Partners to perform functions on our behalf, which may include assisting us in processing your Business Information and Customer Information. Certain Partners, organizations and government agencies may collect Business Information, Customer Information and/or Services Data (such as business name, address, email address, credit card information, and customer ID) directly from you and use of that information and other information provided by you. These third parties may not be governed by this policy even though those Partners and government agencies may share such information with Invoice Cloud. Any collected Business Information, Customer Information and/or Services Data, provided to Partners are subject to the restrictions referenced below under the section entitled Third Party Service Providers.
Services and Product Data: Invoice Cloud will not access your Services Data except in the following limited circumstances: (1) to provide you with technical support, solely at your request and with your permission; (2) on a limited-access basis to install updates, produce regular backups, or restore data from backups at your request; (3) where the inherent purpose of the product or service requires Invoice Cloud to provide the Services Data to a third party on your behalf (for example where Invoice Cloud initiates or processes transfers on your behalf) and, (4) to utilize Aggregate Information (defined below) derived from Services Data to help us improve our products and services and in developing additional offerings. Invoice Cloud will not provide your Services Data to any third party or permit any third party to access your Services Data, except by your permission or to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order. In addition, if at any time you decide to discontinue your use of the applicable service, your Services Data will be destroyed and removed from all servers according to terms set forth in your Billers or similar agreement.
This Site is Not Directed at Persons Under the Age of 13
Our Site is not directed at persons under the age of 13, and Invoice Cloud does not collect or maintain information at our Site from persons we actually know are under the age of 13.
InvoiceCloud Site May Be Linked to Other Websites
Invoice Cloud may create links to third-party websites. Invoice Cloud is not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by websites that are linked to our website. This privacy policy applies only to the information we collect on the Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect through other methods or sources, including sites owned or operated by our affiliates, vendors or partners.
Consent to Transfer
Users located outside the United States who submit Business Information or Customer Information to Invoice Cloud via the Sites should be aware that the information they submit will be transferred to our servers located in the United States. Your submission of Business
Information or Customer Information to us constitutes your consent to this transfer. Although Invoice Cloud will collect and use your Business Information or Customer Information only as stated in this Privacy Policy, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the United States may not be as stringent as those in some users’ home jurisdictions.
Does Invoice Cloud Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share Business Information and Customer Information only as described in biller and related agreements and this Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Service Providers: We engage Partners to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include processing and clearing transactions, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, processing credit card, ACH and other payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, Business and Customer Information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice). Also, in the unlikely event that Invoice Cloud, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
Protection of invoicecloud.com and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law to enforce or apply any conditions of use, biller agreements and other agreements or to protect the rights, property, or safety of invoicecloud.com, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. However, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Services Data (personally identifiable information from customers) for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
With Your Consent: Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.
We Use Appropriate Security Safeguards
At Invoice Cloud, security is a priority. Invoice Cloud employs appropriate measures, including advanced technology, to protect personal information collected online against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These measures may include, among others, encryption, physical access security, and other appropriate technologies. Invoice Cloud reviews and enhances its security systems, as necessary.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Invoice Cloud may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the current policy to the Sites. Your use of the Sites constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
Questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the information practices of the Company’s website should be directed to
privacy@invoicecloud.com.
