The UCSF-Gladstone CFAR follows all established University of California regulations. Respect for the privacy of others is an important component of the University's academic and healthcare mission.
Universitywide Electronic Communications Policies
This section explains our Center's online information practices and procedures to assure your privacy when participating in activities or resources accessed via our Internet site.
Regarding visitors to our Internet site:
We collect aggregate information on what pages are visited in order to assess and improve the content of our site.
Our Web server does not automatically recognize information regarding individual users, e.g., domain name or email address.
We do not set any "cookies" to track visitor's identification or use of the site.
Registration for CFAR Events and Services
When visitors register for CFAR-sponsored activities or events:
We may ask for information about their identity in order to maintain a record of their participation.
Participants may be asked to evaluate CFAR events and programs in order to improve current activities as well as better plan future ones.
We may ask whether participants want to be notified about new CFAR events and services as they become available on our site(s). If participants wish to change their status regarding notification at a later time, they may do so at any time by contacting our web developer.
Other Uses of Information
We may use the information you provide through this public website to contact you:
To check on potential verification problems, e.g., duplicate registration for a seminar or symposium.
To provide email updates regarding Center-sponsored events and programs.
To inform you of new website developments and enhancements.
We do not share registrant information, contact data, or e-mail lists with other institutions, except as may be required by law.
In cases where CFAR processes credit card registration for events or donations, we do not store credit card numbers on our servers.
Changes in Policy
As our Internet site evolves, we may determine a need to collect additional information or to use information already collected in new ways. If our information practices change from those posted above, we will modify this policy statement.
Security
There are appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information we may have collected from you.
Other Internet Sites
Our site may provide links to other sites with information on topics or programs that may be useful to visitors. However, we do not control those sites and are not responsible for their privacy practices or content.
HIPPA Compliance
Currently, this website does not provide access to any websites, databases, or networks where private health information (PHI) as governed by the Health Insurances Portability and Privacy Act (1996) could be compromised or obtained. Any clinical data provided for inclusion in CFAR databases is completely anonymized at the Institutional Review Board/Committee on Human Research level. Should these conditions change in the future, we will follow all HIPPA  guidelines as mandated by UCSF administrative policy and provide appropriate notice to users.
