Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us such as using our online patient evalutation. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in online patient evaluations.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site for website analytics. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
How we use collected information
Fetal Treatment Center may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
Use the online patient evaluation service
How we protect your information
The main FTC site does not collect data on it's users. The online patietn evalution service is a completely different web application from the main site and uses HIPPA compliante appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others.
Changes to this privacy policy
Fetal Treatment Center has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. 
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us .
This document was last updated on January 11, 2016
UCSF Fetal Treatment Center
San Francisco, CA 94158-2549
Phone: 1-800-RX-FETUS (1-800-793-3887)Fax: 415-502-0660
