Who we are
Planner 5D is an online service, which helps you to create detailed home plans & modern interior design without professional knowledge, available on multiple platforms (including web, iOS, Android, MAC OS, Windows). The term “Planner 5D”,” we”, “our”, “us” refers to Planner5D, UAB, a legal entity incorporated and existing under the laws of Lithuania with its registered address at Antakalnio St. 17, Vilnius, Lithuania, 10312, and its affiliates. 
The security of your personal data is very important to us. We are committed to appropriate protection and use of personal information collected by us. This notice describes our privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) and explains how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information obtained by us. It also outlines the rights you have and control you can exercise in relation to it. This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Planner 5D and our affiliates. Please carefully read this Privacy Policy before using our services. This Privacy Policy is a legal part of the Terms of Service of the Planner 5D.
How to contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about the use by Planner 5D of your personal data or if any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy is unclear to you, please contact us via e-mail at privacy@planner5d.com or by post at Antakalnio St. 17, Vilnius, Lithuania, 10312, attention of Sergey Nosyrev.
What information we collect
Depending on the services of Planner 5D that you want to use (for example, those which require signing up for Planner 5D account), we may ask you to provide your name, password and e-mail address. If you want to take full advantage from using your Planner 5D account, we may also ask you to upload your photo in your Planner 5D account. If you chose to register or login to your Planner 5D account using a third-party single sign-in service that authenticates your identity and connects your social media login information with us, we will collect any information or content needed for the registration or log-in that you have permitted your social media provider to share with us, such as your name, password and e-mail address. By registering and/or submitting your personal information to Planner 5D, you are also agreeing to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
How we collect your information
Here are the ways of how we collect your information:
Information that you give us: for example, this is the information necessary for you to sign up to your Planner 5D account, such as your user name, password and e-mail address or your social media login information if you wish to sign up using your social media account (as outlined above), this information may also include your photo if you wish to upload it to your Planner 5D account; if you wish to send us a request or any other communication, we will ask for your e-mail address to get back to you with response; note that you can always choose not to provide information to Planner 5D online, even though it might be needed to create your user account, to make a purchase or to benefit from any other features we have;
and
Information that we collect automatically from your use of our services: certain information about users can be gathered automatically and stored inside log files. Examples of information we automatically collect and analyze include Internet Protocol (IP) address, Internet service providers (ISP), computer/device and connection information such as operating system and platform, browser type and version, location and time zone information, website navigation information, projects data on the projects that you’ve created using Planner 5D, google analytics.
We use this information exclusively to analyze user experience and trends, to administer the site, to track user movements around the site as a whole to improve the services provided. We do not link this automatically-collected data to any personally identifiable information.
How we use your information
For example, we may use information we collect to provide our services or information you request, and to process and complete any transactions; to send you confirmations, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages and otherwise facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, our website and services; to respond to your emails, submissions, questions, comments, requests, and complaints and provide customer service. When you contact us, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing.
We use information collected from cookies and other similar technologies to monitor and analyze Planner5D project usage and trends, and to personalize and improve Planner5D project and our users’ experiences on our websites, such as providing ads, content, materials, or features that match users’ profiles or interests, and to increase Planner 5D project functionality and user friendliness.
We will process your personal data for the following reasons:
1) you have given us your consent (for example, when you share your details for particular purpose);
2) we need it to perform a contract with you;
3) your information is necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations;
4) it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, provided that this does not override any interests or rights that you have as an individual (for example, providing high standards services, responding to your requirements etc.).
How we protect your information
Planner 5D attempts to protect your information against the loss, misuse or alteration. Planner 5D has implemented appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal information. Your information (including personal information) can only be accessed by our authorized employees or consultants or the concerned group entities that need to have access to this data in order to be able to fulfill their given duties, with due observance of the applicable obligations and exceptions under the relevant legislation.
How long we keep your data
We generally keep your personal data for as long as you wish to use our services as a registered user and to deal with your further communication if any. We will also retain your information as necessary to comply with legal, accounting or regulatory requirements.
Information sharing with third parties
We do not share your personal information collected by us online with unaffiliated third parties, except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information with others as follows:
- with service providers who are working with us in connection with the operation of our website or our services;
- when you give us your consent to do so;
- with our affiliate program partners who embed our online services on their websites for user-tracking and analytical purposes;
- with third parties in the context of acquisition of transfer of any part of our business or in connection with business reorganization;
- when it is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests or legal authorities.
We may publicly share non-personally identifiable information with third parties to show users statistics and analytics of our services. However, we never transfer your personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing use.
You might be interested in inviting random people, whom you do not know but with whom you are interested in communicating through our services. In this event, please make sure you truly wish to share any of your information or data with such person. Once you provide your information to such person, we will not be able to guarantee that this person will not use this information against you or misuse it in any other way, and we will not be able to prevent such misuse. Once any information is provided by you directly to any person, we are not responsible for any consequences which may arise.
What choices you have
You can exercise at any time any of the following rights with respect to our processing of your personal information:
Right to access your information: you can ask us whether we are processing your personal data, and if so, you can request access to it and information as to how we use and store it. You can also request a copy of your personal data that we hold about you;
Right to correct your information: you can request us to correct or complete your personal data that we process;
Right to erase your information (right to be forgotten): you can ask us to erase your personal data in certain circumstances (for example, if personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or if you withdraw your consent on which the processing is based); note that there are some exclusions where we can refuse your request for erasure, for example, if processing of your personal data is necessary to comply with legal requirements or obligations, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Right to restrict processing of your information: you can request us to suspend processing of your information (for example, if you think that your information is not accurate or incomplete); there are, however, some exclusions when we can refuse your request to restrict processing, such as the case when processing of your personal data is necessary to comply with legal requirements or obligations, or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Right to data portability: you can request us to provide you your personal data that we process and ask us assistance, where feasible, to transmit of your certain personal data to other party;
Right to object: in cases when we process your personal data based on our legitimate interests or public interest, you can at any time object it; once you object, we will no longer process your personal information, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for such processing, which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or for establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims;
Rights relating to automated decision-making and profiling: you can object any decisions made solely based on automated processing of your personal data where such decisions have legal effect concerning you or similarly significantly affects you; you can always ask for such automated decisions to be reconsidered;
Right to withdraw your consent: in cases when we process your personal information based on your consent, you can always withdraw it; withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal;
If you want to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at the contacts set out in this Privacy Policy above. If you want to withdraw your consent of wish to delete your personal data, you can simply email us at privacy@planner5d.com stating your request.
Note that if you think that our processing of your personal data infringes data protection legislation, you have a right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority in particular Member State of European Union where you reside, where we are based, or where the alleged infringement of data protection legislation took place.
Use of cookies
Cookies are little files that are automatically placed on your computer or device when you visit us online. Cookies by themselves do not tell us your email address or otherwise identify you personally, they aggregate information from visitors about their browsing behavior. Use of cookies allows our website and mobile applications to remember your computer or device, to automatically sign you in and to save your user preferences when you visit us again.  When visiting our website, you will see a pop-up window asking to provide your consent for use of cookies by us. If you do not provide your consent for use of cookies, your computer or device will not be tracked for marketing-related activities. The other type of cookies are the cookies that may still be required for necessary functionality of our website. Such cookies will not be blocked through the use of this notification banner. You can easily view, delete and choose not to accept cookies at any time by adjusting your browser's cookies’ settings. Note, however, that some portions of our website may not work properly if you choose to refuse cookies. For more details about our use of cookies please refer to our Cookies Policy .
Children
Planner 5D understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy, especially in an online environment. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 16 years old. If you are under 16 years old, you may use our services subject to the consent of your parent of guardian.
External links
Our website, mobile applications and email communications may contain links to the websites of others. The personal data that you provide through these websites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. We encourage users to review the privacy policy of each website visited before disclosing any personal data.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time we may introduce changes to this Privacy Policy to reflect our current privacy practices. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any changes to this Privacy Policy here: https://planner5d.com/pages/privacy with a prominent notice about the changes introduced, the changes will become effective as of the effective date listed on top of this page. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to be informed on how Planner 5D is protecting your information.
To learn more about what information we collect please refer to the table below:
Source
Target
Direction
computer serial number
To identify users with same crash reports.
Planner 5D
Hockeyapp
send
An alphanumeric string that uniquely identifies a device to the app’s vendor - provided by Apple
crash reports
Planner 5D
Planner 5D
Used to identify issues with application
Planner 5D
Google Analytics/Devtodev
used for authentification
receive
Error and user feedback: error information, user ID, app install / start times, device metadata (device OS, device model, carrier, screen size, processor)
user feedback or errors
used for authentification
Google
send
* Android Advertising ID, IP address, phone number, GPS, sensor data, nearby bluetooth / wifi devices
* When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using
* When signed in, information stored with your Google Account, treated as personal information (this is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account)
user for analytics
used for authentification
used for authentification
* Facebook app ID, Android Advertising ID
* The mobile OS type and version, the SDK version, app name, app version, the device opt-out setting, the user agent string and the client IP address. It also collects the following device related metrics: time zone, device OS, device model, carrier, screen size, processor cores, total disk space, remaining disk space
* Purchases
* App Events: This covers generic App Events (e.g. App Install, app launch) and other standard logging for product metrics (e.g. SDK loading and SDK performance)
* Implicit events - information from events that are logged implicitly such as integration with Facebook Login or the \"Like\" button
* Configuration data: After a user has logged in, the SDK makes periodic background requests to manage the lifetime of the access token automatically
used for analytics
Facebook
send
* Short-term data: The SDK measures some user activity for purposes of managing fraud and abuse. This data is only retained for a very short period for those not logged in to Facebook
* Error information: The SDK captures error information, including during initialisation of the SDK, which may include a user ID of individuals who are logged in to Facebook
Planner 5D
* Advertising ID and tracking allowed flag
* App version, start time, activity duration, install time and source
* Notification registration and push token
* ODIN
used for analytics
user registratino
Google Analytics
Google Analytics
user support request
Products
By Signing Up you agree to our Terms of Service , including Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy . Learn how we collect, use and share your data in our Privacy Policy and how we use cookies and similar technology in our Cookies Policy .
Sign up
By Signing Up you agree to our Terms of Service , including Privacy Policy and Cookies Policy . Learn how we collect, use and share your data in our Privacy Policy and how we use cookies and similar technology in our Cookies Policy .
