Digital Privacy Statement
WBUR is committed to protecting the online privacy of its website visitors and users. This Digital Privacy Statement explains the station’s practices related to the collection and use of information gathered through WBUR’s website domain, http://www.wbur.org, and through the station’s other digital properties such as the WBUR Listen application.
The types of information that WBUR collects may vary depending on the specific site you visit or application you use.
Information Collection & Use
Information Gathered Automatically
When you visit a WBUR website or other WBUR digital properties, the station may, like most institutions and organizations on the internet, collect and store digital information sent by your web browser, such as IP addresses (i.e., the internet address of your computer or device), geolocation, the web browser used for the connection, the device operating system, unique device identifiers, and other digital properties, such as pages visited, length of visit, and terms searched. WBUR does not link IP addresses or cookies to any personally identifiable information.
In addition, WBUR uses cookies, which are text files placed on your device to evaluate usage patterns, so that we can improve both content and distribution. The information can also be used to establish continuity between requests, to personalize the site to your preferences, to authenticate your login, to analyze web traffic, to monitor and ensure the security of the network, and to help diagnose problems with WBUR’s servers. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the website.
Most of WBUR’s websites use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses persistent cookies to analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for WBUR and providing other services related to website activity and internet usage.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where the third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
By using WBUR websites, you consent to the processing of data about you in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Please visit the following pages for more information about Google Analytics Terms of Service and Google’s Privacy Practices.
Information you provide
WBUR does not collect personally identifiable information about you when you visit the station’s websites or digital properties unless you voluntarily provide us with that information. WBUR may request personally identifiable information from you if, for example, you ask a question, request to be contacted, request information for a particular program or activity, sign up for a mailing list, request access to a protected portion of a website or make a payment.
Information Security
WBUR has implemented reasonable physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard and secure all information we collect online against unauthorized disclosure, loss, or misuse in accordance with Boston University’s Data Protection Standards Policy. The Policy classifies types of data according to its sensitivity, and each classification has different requirements for protection.
WBUR cannot provide an absolute guarantee as to the security of any information transmitted through its website or digital properties.
Information Sharing
WBUR does not sell personally identifiable information that is obtained through the http://www.wbur.org/ website or digital properties and does not allow others to use this information for commercial purposes.
WBUR will share information about you with third-parties only to the extent necessary to provide the station’s web services or in circumstances where the station reasonably believes that doing so is necessary or appropriate to: satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or government request; investigate compliance with station policies; detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or protect the rights, property or safety of the station, its employees or others. The information referred to in this section may include personally identifiable information. In addition, the station may share with third-parties information about the use of WBUR’s sites and other digital properties that is aggregated or anonymized so that it does not identify any individual user.
Third Party Websites
The http://www.wbur.org/ website and other digital properties may link to external websites that are not controlled by WBUR. Your use of those websites will be controlled by the privacy practices of that external web host. WBUR is not responsible for the privacy practices of those external sites.
Changes to this Digital Privacy Statement
WBUR may modify this Digital Privacy Statement. All changes will be made directly to this webpage and will be effective on the date posted.
Questions
Questions about this Statement should be directed to email webmaster@wbur.org.
Support the news
