Investors & Media
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Policy:
bluebird bio, Inc. (“bluebird”, “we”, “us” and/or “our”) recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information we collect and store from visitors to our websites (“Site”). This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the data that we may collect about you from the Site, how we use and disclose that data, how we protect it, and the choices you may make with respect to it. We encourage you to review our Policy and reach out to us if you have any questions.
Information We Collect:
When you interact with us through the Site, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:
Personal Data: Personal Data is data that can be used to identify or contact you, such as your name, email address, telephone number or similar information. We collect Personal Data in various ways on our Site, including through registrations, applications, surveys, in connection with your inquiries, and automatically when you browse our Site. We may also collect Personal Data from other sources, including data companies, publicly accessible databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms and other third parties.
Protecting and using Personal Data. We will handle your Personal Data in strict accordance with the law. Specifically, in line with the following principles:
We will process Personal Data lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner.
We only collect Personal Data for a specified, explicit and legitimate purpose and we will only use personal information for the purposes for which it was originally collected.
We will limit collection of Personal Data to the extent necessary in relation to the purpose for which they are processed.
We make reasonable efforts to ensure that your Personal Data is accurate and, where necessary, kept up to date.
We will store Personal Data for no longer than is necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data are processed.
Personal Data will only be processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal information.
Cookies: A cookie is a piece of information that our Site gives to your computer through your browser when you access the Site. The use of cookies allows us to collect more accurate information regarding use of our Sites, enhancing your experience on our Site (e.g., remembering your preferences, like preferred language, display and other settings, maintaining your session, and for authentication purposes) and providing insights through analytics to identify users’ unmet information needs (e.g., Google Analytics). You can refuse or accept cookies from the Site at any time by activating the settings on your browser. Information about the procedure to follow in order to enable or disable cookies can be found on your Internet browser provider’s website via your help screen. Please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for information on commonly used browsers. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled, your experience on the Site may be diminished, and not all features of the Site may operate as intended.
Internet Protocol (“IP”) Address: IP addresses are numbers which are automatically assigned to your computer or device by an Internet Service Provider (“ISP”). An IP address may be identified and logged automatically when you access the Site, along with the time of the visit and the pages visited. bluebird may store this information in databases owned and maintained by bluebird affiliates, agents or service providers. We may use IP addresses and pool it with other information to track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. We may also derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Aggregated Personal Data: In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of the Site, we often conduct research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Data and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and we may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally.
Storing of Your Personal Data:
We only retain personal information provided to us in order to carry out the purpose for which the Personal Data was provided, or until we are requested to delete such information from our databases or systems. Once the purpose has been completed, we will delete such personal information which has been provided to us from our databases and systems.
Sharing Your Personal Data and Other Information:
We do not sell, rent or trade Personal Data that users submit or we collect through our Site, nor disclose it by any means except as described in this Policy. We may share your personal information among bluebird related entities within the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, and the United States for the limited purposes agreed in this Policy. We may also share the information with vendors or service providers we have engaged to assist us with completing a service on our behalf and in compliance with the applicable laws (for example, to process online registration forms for events or reporting safety information to regulatory authorities). Some of these service providers may be located in countries outside the European Union (“EU”), however we contractually require that sufficient security and privacy safeguards will be provided by the service providers to ensure an adequate level of protection of your information and disclose it always in compliance with the applicable laws.
Business Transfers:
As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets. Should such a transaction occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee uses the Personal Information you have provided through this Site in a manner that is consistent with this Policy.
Legal Requirements:
bluebird may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of bluebird, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability.
Your Choices:
You can use the Site without providing any Personal Data. If you choose to provide any Personal Data, you may have the right to request to review, correct, update, suppress, restrict or delete Personal Data that you have provided to us through the Site by contacting us as indicated below in this Policy. We will respond to your request in a manner that is consistent with applicable law.
In your request, please tell us what Personal Data you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have it suppressed from our database, or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of it. For your protection, we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may need to retain certain Personal Data for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion.
Exclusions:
This Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by bluebird other than Personal Data collected through the Site. In addition, this Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to bluebird through this Site or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as bulletin boards (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”) even if such Unsolicited Information would otherwise be considered Personal Data. All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and bluebird shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.
Children:
bluebird does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Site. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on this Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to us through this Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Links to Other Websites:
This Policy applies only to the Site. This Site may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by bluebird (“Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third-Party Sites. The links from this Site do not imply that bluebird endorses or has reviewed the Third-Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.
Security:
Personal Data is stored in secure databases relevant for the purposes for which it was collected and are accessible only to authorized bluebird employees and contracted vendors. bluebird takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data provided via the Site from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Site may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to bluebird via the Internet.
Other Terms and Conditions:
Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the Terms of Use .
Changes to bluebird’s Privacy Policy:
The Site and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for us to make changes to this Policy. We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. Please review the Policy periodically, and especially before you provide any Personal Data. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Policy.
Contact, Questions, Comments, Complaints:
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions, comments, or complaints about our Policy or the information practices of this Site:
Email: privacy@bluebirdbio.com
Postal Mail:
You also may contact bluebird for general questions by emailing info@bluebirdbio.com
If you believe your rights have been violated in the EU/EEA and Switzerland, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of your country where you believe that your rights have been violated (see EU list, Switzerland ).
This policy was last updated 24 May 2018.
