We make products inspired by the people who use them: you.
Here you’ll find skincare, makeup, bodycare, and fragrance optimized for real life, painstakingly perfected to be worthy of your bathroom shelf. We believe in efficacious formulas, thoughtful design, and enabling conversation (which is where it all starts). We don’t believe beauty is made in a boardroom—it happens when you get involved.
Want to read more?
Visit Into The Gloss , a website devoted to people sharing the beauty products they love. ITG explores the routines of inspiring women and men, from makeup and hair to health and wellness. Come learn the best tips and tricks that actually work—and share your routine as well.
Click here for more.
LAST REVISED: June 8, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes how Glossier, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Glossier,” “we,” “us,” and/or “our”) handle personal data we collect online (e.g., through our websites) and offline (e.g., through customer support channels, our retail locations, and in-person promotional activities) (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal data we collect and process, how we may use and share the data, and the choices that are available to you with respect to our handling of your data.
Click on the links below to jump to the different sections of our Privacy Policy:
Information we collect directly from you
We collect the information you provide directly to us, such as when you open an account, place an order, ask to receive emails, or interact with us on social media. The types of personal data we may collect directly from you include:
Contact information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number;
Account information, such as your username and password;
Billing information, such as credit card details and billing address;
Optional information you may choose to provide, such as your date of birth, gender, social handles, makeup and color preferences; and
Any other information you choose to provide.
Information about your use of our Services
We collect information about your use of the Services, such as the products you buy or express interest in.
Referral Program
If you choose to use our refer-a-friend service to tell a friend about Glossier, we may collect your friend's name and email address in order to send your friend an email and (if you so choose) one follow-up reminder email inviting him or her to shop with us. We store information about the individuals you refer in order to send these  emails and to administer and track the success of our referral program.
Information we collect from other sources
When you access the Services through a social network, we collect information from the social network in accordance with your settings on the social network. If you interact with us on social media, we will collect information about those interactions. The information we may collect includes your name, picture, and email address. We may also collect information about you from third parties, including mailing list providers and publicly available sources, or friends that refer you to Glossier.
Information we collect by automated means
When you visit our sites, we collect certain information automatically. To collect this information, we may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor‘s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as a pixel tag or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server. We may also collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites. The information we collect automatically may include: URLs that refer visitors to our websites;
Search terms used to reach our websites;
Details about the devices that are used to access our websites (such as IP address, browser information, device information, and operating system information);
Details about your interaction with our websites (such as the date, time, length of stay, and specific pages accessed during your visits to our websites, and which emails you may have opened); and
Usage information (such as the number and frequency of visitors to our websites).
We may associate this information with your Glossier account if you have one, the device you use to connect to our Services, or email or social media accounts that you use to engage with Glossier.
For more information about how we use cookies click here .
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Glossier and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for interest-based advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices . European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising through the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance .
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect to deliver the products you request, to maintain and customize your account and our interactions with you, and to provide, maintain, and improve our Services. We also use the information we collect to:
Communicate with you about our Services, including to tell you about products and services that may be of interest to you;
Respond to your requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions;
Facilitate your engagement with the Services, including to enable you to post comments and reviews;
Offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions;
Conduct or administer surveys and other market research; and
Protect against, identify, investigate, and respond to fraud or other illegal activity.
How We Share Your Information
We may share the information we collect:
With service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as those that provide shipment and payment services, customer service, and marketing support;
With select partners as a part of co-sponsored promotions;
To comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, protect and defend Glossier’s rights or property, protect the safety of our customers and website users or the public, and protect against legal liability;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among Glossier’s current and future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent and at your direction.
When you provide a product review or other user content, that content will be publicly posted. Other users may be able to see your name or other information about you that you post.
If you are in the United States, we may share information about you with select third parties so that they can communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we not share your information with such third parties, you may opt out by emailing us at [email protected] .
Your Rights and Choices
Managing or deleting your Glossier account
You may review, update, or modify your account information, including profile and contact information, at any time by logging into your Glossier account. You may delete your Glossier account by emailing [email protected] .
Opting out of email marketing
You may unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time by following the instructions included in those emails. If you opt out of receiving such communications, note that we may continue to send you non-promotional emails (such as order confirmation emails or emails about changes to our legal terms).
Restricting cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our websites.
Children
Our Services are not designed for children and do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to us, please contact us , and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Data Transfers and Privacy Shield
Glossier is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and entities in the United States and other countries. As such, we may transfer your personal data to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
When we transfer personal data from the European Union or Switzerland to the United States, we comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss - U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Glossier has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we are committed to resolving complaints about our processing of your personal data. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the Privacy Shield program should first contact us. We have further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. Glossier is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
If we share personal data transferred to the U.S. under the Privacy Shield with a third-party service provider that processes such data on our behalf, then we will be liable for that third party’s processing in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Residents of the European Economic Area
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data.
Legal Basis for Processing
If you are a resident of the EEA, we process your personal data when:
We need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the Glossier products you have ordered).
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, we may process your personal data to send you marketing communications and to provide, secure, and improve our Services.
We have your consent to do so.
Data subject requests
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, updated, or erased. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us as indicated below. If you have a Glossier account, you may also review, update, and delete certain personal data by logging into your account.
Questions or Complaints
If you are a resident of the EEA and have a concern about our practices concerning the processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For contact details of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm .
Links to Other Websites and Third-Party Content
We may provide links to third-party websites, services, and applications, such as Facebook, that are not operated or controlled by Glossier. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party services, and we cannot take responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of third-party services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party service before providing any information to or through them.
The Services may include an activity feed, social media buttons and widgets, such as the Facebook "Like" button or the "Share This" button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third-party service that provides the feature.
Data Retention
Our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain personal data for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the data was collected, and any other permissible, related purpose. For example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will post the updated policy on our sites and will indicate when the Privacy Policy was last revised. If we make any material changes, we will provide you with additional notice. You should periodically review our current Privacy Policy to stay informed of our personal data practices.
California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request notice of how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes or to opt out of such sharing. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice or to opt out, please submit a written request to the following address: Glossier, Inc., 233 Spring Street, Floor 10, New York, NY 10013, Attn: Legal, or by emailing us by emailing us at [email protected] .
Contacting Glossier
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like to update your preferences or information we have about you, please contact us at the information provided below. We will take reasonable steps to respond to your request.
Glossier, Inc.
New York, NY 10013
Phase EU Limited
We are so sorry—something went wrong on our end.
Please try to refresh the page, or clear your cart and browser data. If this doesn't help, please email [email protected] .
One or many of the products you are trying to buy just became out of stock. We apologize for this and hope to restock soon.
Please try to refresh the page or review your cart.
Glossier Terms of Use
EFFECTIVE: May 24, 2018
Welcome to Glossier and our Terms of Use (the “Agreement”). This Agreement is important and contains terms and conditions that affect your legal rights, so please read it carefully. If you reside outside the United States, additional terms and conditions may be applicable to you that either supplement or replace certain provisions in this Agreement. Please visit our International Addendum to see whether these additional terms and conditions apply to you.
By accessing or using the websites, mobile applications or blogs (collectively, the “Site”) provided by Glossier, Inc. or our subsidiaries or affiliates (herein referred to as “Glossier,” “we,” “us” or “our”), including, without limitation, www.intothegloss.com and www.glossier.com , pursuant to which we offer beauty advice and tips and make available our unique beauty products or other products for purchase (the “Products”) (collectively, with the Site, the “Services”), you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement and all other terms incorporated herein by reference. Some of the Services may be subject to additional terms and conditions we specify from time to time; your use of such Services is subject to those additional terms and conditions, which are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. This Agreement applies to all users of the Site.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change or modify portions of this Agreement at any time. If we do this, we will post the changes on this page and will indicate at the top of this page the date this Agreement was last revised. You may read a current, effective copy of this Agreement at any time by selecting the “Terms of Use” link on the Site. We will also notify you of any material changes either through a pop-up notice, e-mail or through other reasonable means. Your continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Agreement. You should periodically visit this page to review the current Agreement so you are aware of any revision to which you are bound. If you do not agree to abide by this or any future Agreement, do not use or access (or continue to use or access) the Site.
ARBITRATION NOTICE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER: EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW OR WHERE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
1. Privacy Policy.
1.1 Please refer to our Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process information about you.
2. Eligibility.
2.1 If you are below the age of consent under applicable law in the country in which you reside, then your parent or legal guardian must read and accept this Agreement in your name and on your behalf.
2.2 You represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. If you are under age 13, you may not, under any circumstances or for any reason, use the Site. We may, in our sole discretion, refuse to offer the Services to any person or entity and change our eligibility criteria at any time.
2.3 We continually test new features, functionalities, services, user interfaces and Products that we are considering incorporating into or providing through our Site. We reserve the right to include or exclude you from these tests without notice.
2.4 You are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services complies with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to you. If the applicable law in the country in which you reside requires that you must be older than 13 to receive certain Services, then the minimum age is the legally required one. If you are a minor, you may wish to consult your parents about what portions of the Services are appropriate for you. The right to access the Site is revoked where this Agreement or use of the Site is prohibited or to the extent offering, sale or provision of the Services conflicts with any applicable law, rule or regulation.
3. Registration.
3.1 You may register for an account on the Site (an "Account") or log in using your Facebook or other social media login information. To use certain portions of the Site, you are not required to sign up for an Account. However, certain features of the Site, such as accessing your order history, require you to register for an Account. You must provide accurate and complete information and keep your Account information updated. You shall not: (i) select or use as a username a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; (ii) use as a username a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization; or (iii) use as a username a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your Account, and for keeping your Account password secure. You may never use another person's Account or registration information for the Site without permission. You must notify us immediately of any change in your eligibility to use the Site, breach of security or unauthorized use of your Account. You should never publish, distribute or post login information for your Account. You have the ability to delete your Account at any time, as described in our Privacy Policy .
4.   Use of the Site.
4.1 The Site contains material, including but not limited to software, text, graphics and images (collectively referred to as the “Content”). We may own the Content, or portions of the Content may be made available to us through arrangements that we have with third parties. We do not guarantee that any Content you access on or through the Site is or will continue to be accurate. The Content is protected by United States and foreign intellectual property laws. Unauthorized use of the Content may result in violation of copyright, trademark, and other laws. You have no rights in or to the Content, and you will not use, copy or display the Content, including but not limited to use of framing or mirrors, except as permitted under this Agreement. No other use is permitted without our prior written consent. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Content on any copy you make of the Content. You may not sell, transfer, assign, license, sublicense, or modify the Content or reproduce, display, publicly perform, make a derivative version of, distribute, or otherwise use the Content in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use or posting of any of the Content on any other website or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is expressly prohibited. If you violate any part of this Agreement, your right to access and/or use the Content and Site shall automatically terminate and you shall immediately destroy any copies you have made of the Content.
4.2 The trademarks, service marks, and logos of Glossier (the “Glossier Trademarks”) used and displayed in connection with the Services are registered and unregistered trademarks or service marks of Glossier. Other company, product, and service names located on the Site or otherwise used in connection with the Services may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (the “Third Party Trademarks”, and, collectively with the Glossier Trademarks, the “Trademarks”). Nothing on the Site, in the Services or in this Agreement should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark displayed on the Site or otherwise used in connection with the Services without our prior written consent specific for each such use. The Trademarks may not be used to disparage us or any applicable third party, our or the applicable third party’s products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks. Use of any Glossier Trademarks as part of a link to or from any website is prohibited without our prior written consent. All goodwill generated from the use of any Glossier Trademark shall inure to our benefit.
4.3 You agree not to: (a) take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on the Site’s infrastructure; (b) use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Site or any activity being conducted on the Site; (c) attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer any of the software comprising or making up the Site; (d) delete or alter any material we or any other person or entity posts on the Site; or (e) otherwise take any action in violation of our guidelines and policies.
5.   Third Party Sites.
5.1 The Site may contain links to third party websites, services or other resources on the Internet, including but not limited to our sponsors and Facebook, and other websites, services or resources may contain links to the Site (“External Sites”). These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such External Sites. The content of such External Sites is developed and provided by others. You should contact the site administrator for those External Sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or any content located on such External Sites. We are not responsible for the content of any linked External Sites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of any materials on such External Sites. You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your computer from viruses and other destructive programs. If you decide to access any External Sites, you do so at your own risk. You acknowledge and agree that we shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with the use of or reliance on any content, goods or services available on or through any External Sites.
5.2 You may enable or log in to the Site via various online third party services, such as social media and social networking services like Facebook or Twitter (“Social Networking Services”). By logging in or directly integrating these Social Networking Services into the Site, we make your online experiences richer and more personalized. To take advantage of this feature and capabilities, we may ask you to authenticate, register for or log into Social Networking Services on the websites of their respective providers. As part of such integration, the Social Networking Services will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Networking Services, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with our Privacy Policy .
5.3 Please remember that the manner in which Social Networking Services use, store and disclose your information is governed solely by the policies of such Social Networking Services, and we shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or service that may be enabled on or offered through the Site. In addition, we are not responsible for the accuracy, availability or reliability of any information, content, goods, data, opinions, advice or statements made available in connection with Social Networking Services. As such, we are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such Social Networking Services. We enable these features merely as a convenience and the integration or inclusion of such features does not imply an endorsement or recommendation.
5.4 We may participate in affiliate marketing and may allow affiliate links to be encoded on some of our pages. This means that we may earn a commission if/when you click on or make purchases via affiliate links.
6.   User Content.
6.1 With respect to the Photos (as defined below), Submissions (as defined below), and any content or other materials you provide to or upload through the Site or share with other Site users or recipients (collectively, “User Content”), you represent and warrant that you own all right, title and interest in and to such User Content, including, without limitation, all copyrights and rights of publicity contained therein, and that all User Content provided by you is accurate, complete, up-to-date, and in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. You shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) take any action or upload, post, or otherwise distribute any User Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, right of publicity or other right of any other person or entity or violates any law or contractual duty. You shall not (and shall not permit any third party to) take any action or upload, post, or otherwise distribute any User Content that you know if false, misleading, untruthful or inaccurate, or is unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive, fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, offensive, profane, contains or depicts nudity, contains or depicts sexual activity, or is otherwise inappropriate as determined by us in our sole discretion.
6.2 The Site may pull content from our users who share photos and videos on Instagram using our brand hashtags, including, without limitation, #glossier, #glossierpink, #boybrow, #maskforce, #nofilterjustglossier, #skinfirstmakeupsecond or #itgtopshelfie (collectively, the “Glossier Hashtags”), or tagging the @Glossier account (collectively, “Photos”). You acknowledge and agree that the Photos may be used in Glossier’s showroom space, retail locations and emails and on the Site, and you hereby grant us permission to use and authorize others to use your name or social media handle in association with the Photos for identification, publicity related to the Services and similar promotional purposes, including after your termination of your Account or the Services. You represent and warrant that the posting and use of your Photos, including to the extent such Photos include your name, username, likeness, voice, or photograph, does not violate, misappropriate or infringe on the rights of any third party, including, without limitation, privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark and other intellectual property rights.
6.3 By uploading any User Content you hereby grant and will grant Glossier and its affiliated companies, successors and assigns a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty free, fully paid up, transferable, sub-licensable,  perpetual, irrevocable license to reproduce, adapt, publish, create derivative works from, copy, display, upload, publicly perform, distribute, store, modify and otherwise use your User Content and any name, username, likeness, voice or photograph provided in connection with your User Content, without compensation to you, in connection with the operation of the Site or the promotion, advertising or marketing of the Services, in any form, medium or technology now known or later developed, and including after your termination of your Account or the Services. For clarity, the foregoing license does not affect your other ownership or license rights in your User Content, including the right to grant additional licenses to your User Content, unless otherwise agreed in writing. You represent and warrant that you have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation of any third party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other intellectual property or proprietary rights.
6.4 Except where prohibited by applicable law, by submitting User Content through the Site, you are waiving and agreeing not to assert any copyrights or “moral” rights or claim resulting from our alteration of the User Content or any Photos, Submissions, photograph(s), footage, illustrations, statements or other work contained in the User Content. You are also agreeing to appoint Glossier as your irrevocable attorney-in-fact with respect to the User Content, with the right to execute and deliver any documents, in your name and on your behalf, to ensure that we can use the User Content that you are licensing in any way we see fit, own and protect the rights in any derivative works created from your User Content, and have the User Content removed from any other website or forum.
6.5 You acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other information about the Services (collectively, “Submissions”) that you provide to us are non-confidential and we will be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without your acknowledgment or compensation to you.
6.6 You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve User Content and may also disclose User Content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce this Agreement; (c) respond to claims that any User Content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Glossier, our users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Site, including your User Content, may involve (i) transmissions over various networks; and (ii) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
7.   IP Infringement.
7.1 We respect the intellectual property of others, and we ask our users to do the same. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, or that your intellectual property rights have been otherwise violated, you should notify us of your infringement claim in accordance with the procedure set forth below. We will process and investigate notices of alleged infringement and will take appropriate actions under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable intellectual property laws with respect to any alleged or actual infringement. A notification of claimed copyright infringement should be emailed to Glossier’s Copyright Agent at [email protected] (Subject line: “Takedown Request”). You may also contact us by mail at: 233 Spring Street, Floor 10, New York, NY 10013.
7.2 To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the Site, with enough detail that we may find it on the Site;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.
7.3 If you believe that your User Content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to the law, to upload and use the content in your User Content, you may send a written counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
your physical or electronic signature;
identification of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
a statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court located within New York, New York and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
7.4 If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, we will send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it within ten (10) business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at our sole discretion.
7.5 In accordance with the DMCA and other applicable law, we have adopted a policy of terminating, in appropriate circumstances and at our sole discretion, users who are deemed to be repeat infringers. We may also at our sole discretion limit access to the Site and/or terminate the Accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
8.   Payments; Ordering & Availability; Billing and Continuous Subscription Services.
8.1 You agree to provide accurate and up-to-date payment information at the time you order any Product. We have contracted with a third-party payment processor to facilitate purchases made on the Site.  When you make a purchase through the Site, you will provide your payment details and any additional information required to complete your order directly to our third-party payment processor.  You should be aware that online payment transactions are subject to validation checks by our payment processor and your card issuer and we are not responsible if your card issuer declines to authorize payment for any reason. For your protection, our payment processor uses various fraud prevention protocols and industry standard verification systems to reduce fraud and you authorize it to verify and authenticate your payment information. Please note, it is possible that your card issuer may charge you an online handling fee or processing fee. We are not responsible for this. In some jurisdictions, our payment processor may use third parties under strict confidentiality and data protection requirements for the purposes of payment processing services.
8.2 You agree to have sufficient funds or credit available upon placement of any such order to ensure that the purchase price will be collectible by us. After you place your order, we will send you a confirmation email (the “Order Confirmation”). We strive to provide accurate pricing information regarding the Products available on the Site. We cannot, however, insure against pricing errors. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to not process or to cancel any orders placed for a Product whose price was incorrectly posted on the Site as a result of an error. If this occurs, we will notify you by email. The Site may contain information regarding the availability of Products. In rare cases, a Product may be in stock when you place the order, and sold out by the time we attempt to process the order. Should this happen, we will notify you by email and cancel the item from your order. We also may offer some Products for sale before they have been manufactured or arrive at our warehouse. When you preorder these Products, we will ship them out once they are available. In rare cases, these items may not become available for shipping. Should this happen, we will notify you by email and cancel the item from your order.
8.3 Unless otherwise specified, prices quoted are exclusive of: (a) the costs of shipping or carriage to the agreed place of delivery; and (b) value added tax and any other tax or duty which (where applicable) must be added to the price payable. You agree to pay for taxes, shipping or carriage of the Products as such costs are specified by us when you submit your order.
8.4 Some of the Services that we offer, such as the never-run-out service, may consist of an initial period, for which there is a one-time charge, followed by recurring period charges as agreed to by you. You will have the ability to specify how regularly you would like to order any auto-replacing products. BY CHOOSING A RECURRING PAYMENT PLAN, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT (A) GLOSSIER (OR OUR THIRD-PARTY PAYMENT PROCESSOR) IS AUTHORIZED TO CHARGE YOU ON A RECURRING BASIS (E.G., MONTHLY) FOR AS LONG AS YOUR SUBSCRIPTION CONTINUES AND (B) YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IS CONTINUOUS UNTIL YOU CANCEL IT OR WE SUSPEND OR STOP PROVIDING ACCESS TO THE SITE OR PRODUCTS. YOU MAY CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION AT ANY TIME BY EMAILING US AT [email protected] . YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL CHARGES INCURRED WITH RESPECT TO ANY ORDER PROCESSED PRIOR TO THE CANCELLATION OF YOUR SUBSCRIPTION.  All recurring payments are fully earned upon payment.
8.5 All orders of Products must be for your personal use only. By purchasing Products, you hereby agree not to resell or distribute such Products for any commercial purposes. All orders are subject to our acceptance or rejection based on Product availability, noncompliance with this Agreement or any other reason as determined in our sole discretion. For instance, if we have reason to believe that your order is not for personal use, we reserve the right to reject or cancel any order that you place. We also reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to take steps to verify your identity to process your order. We will either not charge you or refund the charges for orders that we cancel or do not process.
8.6 We attempt to provide accurate descriptions of Products. We do not warrant, however, that the descriptions are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free. If a Product is not as described, your sole remedy is to return the item, unless otherwise specified in writing by us. We occasionally run promotions or provide limited-time offers for our Products. Please review the promotion or offer for eligibility and other terms and conditions. All other information with respect to the purchase of Products from the Site can be found on the Order Help Page located at www.glossier.com/help , including our policies on shipping and tax, billing, order acceptance, gift cards, and returns and exchanges.
9.   Delivery
9.1 Your order will be fulfilled by the delivery date set out in the Order Confirmation or, if no delivery date is specified, then within 30 days after the date of the Order Confirmation, unless there are exceptional circumstances and except in the case of pre-orders.
9.2 Your order will be delivered to the delivery address that you specify when placing your order.  If we are unable to deliver to your delivery address, for example if your delivery address is geographically remote, we will notify you before we accept your order. We reserve the right not to deliver to any country that is prohibited by applicable export laws. Products comprised within the same order cannot be delivered to different addresses.
9.3 The Product(s) ordered will be at your risk from the time you receive the Product(s).  Ownership of the Product(s) ordered will also pass to you upon your receipt of the Product(s), provided full payment of all sums due in respect of the Product(s), including any delivery charges, has been received.
9.4 If any Product you order is damaged or faulty when delivered to you or has developed a fault, you may have one or more legal remedies available to you, depending on when you make us aware of the problem, in accordance with your legal rights. If you believe a Product was delivered damaged or faulty or has developed a fault, you should inform us as soon as possible, preferably in writing, giving your name, address and order reference. Nothing in this section affects your legal rights.
10.  Returns and Exchanges.
10.1    Except for sweatshirts, which are final sale, we accept Products for returns and exchanges if requests are submitted within 30 days of receiving the order (in its entirety). To return or exchange your Product(s), please email us at [email protected] with your name, address, order number (GLO #) and the Product(s) you would like to exchange or return. After we receive your written request, we will respond with further instructions about returning the Product(s) to us.
10.2    Upon receiving the returned Product(s) from you, we will process any refund due to you as soon as possible.  You will be refunded in full to your original form of payment, including the cost of standard delivery; however, we will not refund your cost of returning the Product(s) to us. If you received any promotional or other discount when you paid, any refund will only reflect the amount you actually paid. For more information about returns and exchanges, please see here .
11.  Limitation of Liability and Disclaimer of Warranties.
11.1    EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY US IN WRITING, GLOSSIER, OUR AFFILIATES, AND OUR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE “GLOSSIER PARTIES“) MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE CONTENT OR THE SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE SITE’S ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY. THE GLOSSIER PARTIES SHALL NOT BE SUBJECT TO LIABILITY FOR THE TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT OR THE SITE OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION CONVEYED TO THE USER OR FOR ERRORS, MISTAKES OR OMISSIONS THEREIN OR FOR ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF THE DATA OR INFORMATION STREAM FROM WHATEVER CAUSE. YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SERVICES AND THE CONTENT AT YOUR OWN RISK.
11.2    THE GLOSSIER PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE OR THAT THE SITE, ITS SERVERS, OR THE CONTENT ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. IF YOUR USE OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, NO GLOSSIER PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
11.3    EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY US IN WRITING, THE CONTENT AND THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE GLOSSIER PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS, AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
11.4    IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY GLOSSIER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF SUCH GLOSSIER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR FOR ANY DIRECT DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF (IN THE AGGREGATE) $500.00.
11.5    Some jurisdictions do not allow exclusion of implied warranties or limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. IN SUCH JURISDICTIONS, THE LIABILITY OF THE GLOSSIER PARTIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS AFFECTS ANY LEGAL RIGHTS AND REMEDIES YOU HAVE UNDER LOCAL LAW.
12.  Indemnification.
12.1    To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Glossier Parties from and against any claims, actions or demands, including, without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising or resulting from your breach of this Agreement, any User Content or Feedback you provide, or your access to, use or misuse of the Content or the Services. We shall provide notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceeding that triggers this indemnification obligation, and you agree to do the same by writing to the Glossier Legal Department at [email protected] . We reserve the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting our defense of such matter.
13.  ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER—IMPORTANT—PLEASE REVIEW AS THIS AFFECTS YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS.
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING SECTION CAREFULLY BECAUSE IT REQUIRES YOU TO ARBITRATE CERTAIN DISPUTES AND CLAIMS WITH GLOSSIER AND LIMITS THE MANNER IN WHICH YOU CAN SEEK RELIEF FROM US, UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION BY FOLLOWING THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH BELOW. NO CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS OR ARBITRATIONS ARE ALLOWED UNDER THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT. IN ADDITION, ARBITRATION PRECLUDES YOU FROM SUING IN COURT OR HAVING A JURY TRIAL.
13.1    YOU AND GLOSSIER AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR OUR SERVICES IS PERSONAL TO YOU AND GLOSSIER AND THAT ANY DISPUTE WILL BE RESOLVED SOLELY THROUGH INDIVIDUAL ACTION, AND WILL NOT BE BROUGHT AS A CLASS ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
13.2    Except for small claims disputes in which you or Glossier seeks to bring an individual action in small claims court located in the county of your billing address or disputes in which you or Glossier seeks injunctive or other equitable relief for the alleged unlawful use of intellectual property, you and Glossier waive your rights to a jury trial and to have any dispute arising out of or related to this Agreement or our Services resolved in court. Instead, for any dispute or claim that you have against Glossier or relating in any way to the Services,  you agree to first contact Glossier and attempt to resolve the claim informally by sending a written notice of your claim (“Notice”) to Glossier by email at [email protected] or by certified mail addressed to Glossier Legal Department, 233 Spring Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10013. The Notice must (a) include your name, residence address, email address, and telephone number; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought. Our notice to you will be similar in form to that described above. If you and Glossier cannot reach an agreement to resolve the claim within thirty (30) days after such Notice is received, then either party may submit the dispute to binding arbitration administered by JAMS or, under the limited circumstances set forth above, in court. All disputes submitted to JAMS will be resolved through confidential, binding arbitration.  Arbitration proceedings will be held in New York County, New York or may be conducted telephonically or via video conference for disputes alleging damages less than $500, in accordance with the JAMS Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures (“JAMS Rules”).  The most recent version of the JAMS Rules are available on the JAMS website and are hereby incorporated by reference. You either acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand the JAMS Rules or waive your opportunity to read the JAMS Rules and waive any claim that the JAMS Rules are unfair or should not apply for any reason.
13.3    You and Glossier agree that this Agreement affects interstate commerce and that the enforceability of this Section 13 will be substantively and procedurally governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1, et seq. (the “FAA”), to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. As limited by the FAA, this Agreement and the JAMS Rules, the arbitrator will have exclusive authority to make all procedural and substantive decisions regarding any dispute and to grant any remedy that would otherwise be available in court, including the power to determine the question of arbitrability. The arbitrator may conduct only an individual arbitration and may not consolidate more than one individual’s claims, preside over any type of class or representative proceeding or preside over any proceeding involving more than one individual.
13.4    The arbitrator, Glossier, and you will maintain the confidentiality of any arbitration proceedings, judgments and awards, including, but not limited to, all information gathered, prepared and presented for purposes of the arbitration or related to the dispute(s) therein. The arbitrator will have the authority to make appropriate rulings to safeguard confidentiality, unless the law provides to the contrary. The duty of confidentiality does not apply to the extent that disclosure is necessary to prepare for or conduct the arbitration hearing on the merits, in connection with a court application for a preliminary remedy or in connection with a judicial challenge to an arbitration award or its enforcement, or to the extent that disclosure is otherwise required by law or judicial decision.
13.5    You and Glossier agree that for any arbitration you initiate, you will pay the filing fee and Glossier will pay the remaining JAMS fees and costs. For any arbitration initiated by Glossier, Glossier will pay all JAMS fees and costs. You and Glossier agree that the state or federal courts of the State of New York and the United States sitting in New York county, New York have exclusive jurisdiction over any appeals and the enforcement of an arbitration award.
13.6 Any claim arising out of or related to this Agreement or our Services must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, the claim is permanently barred, which means that you and Glossier  will not have the right to assert the claim. You have the right to opt out of binding arbitration within 30 days of the date you first accepted the terms of this Section 13 by emailing [email protected] . In order to be effective, the opt-out notice must include your full name and address and clearly indicate your intent to opt out of binding arbitration. By opting out of binding arbitration, you are agreeing to resolve disputes in accordance with Section 18.1.
13.7    If any portion of this Section 13 is found to be unenforceable or unlawful for any reason, (a) the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall be severed from this Agreement; (b) severance of the unenforceable or unlawful provision shall have no impact whatsoever on the remainder of this Section 13 or the parties’ ability to compel arbitration of any remaining claims on an individual basis pursuant to this Section 13; and (c) to the extent that any claims must therefore proceed on a class, collective, consolidated, or representative basis, such claims must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not in arbitration, and the parties agree that litigation of those claims shall be stayed pending the outcome of any individual claims in arbitration. Further, if any part of this Section 13 is found to prohibit an individual claim seeking public injunctive relief, that provision will have no effect to the extent such relief is allowed to be sought out of arbitration, and the remainder of this Section 13 will be enforceable.
14.  Termination.
14.1    We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to restrict, suspend, or terminate this Agreement and your access to all or any part of the Site or the Content at any time and for any reason (including if we believe that you have engaged in any suspected fraudulent or abusive activity, or violated or acted inconsistently with the letter or spirit of this Agreement) without prior notice or liability, including the right to reject any order you place for the purchase of Products, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your Account. We reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any part of the Services or the Content at any time without prior notice or liability. All provisions of this Agreement which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, licenses of User Content, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity, limitations of liability, class action waivers and arbitration.
15.  User Must Comply with Applicable Laws.
15.1    You are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction and for abiding by all applicable local, state, provincial, national and international laws and regulations.
15.2    The United States controls the export of products and information. You expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any of the Content to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Content, you are expressly agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity for which such export is prohibited. You are solely responsible for compliance with the laws of your specific jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Content.
16.  Transfer and Processing of Personal Data.
16.1    In order for us to provide the Services, you agree that we may process, transfer and store information about you in the United States and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
17.  U.S. Government Restricted Rights.
17.1    The Content is provided with “RESTRICTED RIGHTS.” Use, duplication, or disclosure by the Government is subject to the restrictions contained in 48 CFR 52.227-19 and 48 CFR 252.227-7013 et seq. or its successor. Use of the Services or Content by the Government constitutes acknowledgement of our proprietary rights in the Services and Content.
18.  Miscellaneous.
18.1    This Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of New York, without respect to its conflict of laws provisions. Any dispute between you and Glossier that is not subject to arbitration or cannot be heard in small claims court will be resolved in state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York in the State of New York. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. Our failure to act on or enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not be construed as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in this Agreement. No waiver shall be effective against us unless made in writing, and no such waiver shall be construed as a waiver in any other or subsequent instance. We shall not be liable for any failure to perform our obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond our reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation. Any information you submit to or provide through the Site might be publicly accessible, and you should protect important and private information. We are not liable for protection of privacy of email or other information transferred through the Internet or any other network that you may use.
18.2    Except as expressly agreed by us and you, this Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us and you with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous or contemporaneous agreements, whether written or oral, between us and you with respect to the subject matter. The section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import. This Agreement is personal to you, and is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written consent. This Agreement will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of this Agreement and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or e-mail; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. Electronic notices should be sent to [email protected] .
18.3    Glossier, Inc. is a Delaware corporation with its headquarters at 233 Spring Street, 10th Floor, New York, NY 10013. You may contact us at the following address: 233 Spring Street, 3rd Floor, New York, NY 10013, or at the following email address: [email protected] .
Glossier Privacy Policy
LAST REVISED: June 8, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes how Glossier, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“Glossier,” “we,” “us,” and/or “our”) handle personal data we collect online (e.g., through our websites) and offline (e.g., through customer support channels, our retail locations, and in-person promotional activities) (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal data we collect and process, how we may use and share the data, and the choices that are available to you with respect to our handling of your data.
Click on the links below to jump to the different sections of our Privacy Policy:
Information we collect directly from you
We collect the information you provide directly to us, such as when you open an account, place an order, ask to receive emails, or interact with us on social media. The types of personal data we may collect directly from you include:
Contact information, such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone number;
Account information, such as your username and password;
Billing information, such as credit card details and billing address;
Optional information you may choose to provide, such as your date of birth, gender, social handles, makeup and color preferences; and
Any other information you choose to provide.
Information about your use of our Services
We collect information about your use of the Services, such as the products you buy or express interest in.
Referral Program
If you choose to use our refer-a-friend service to tell a friend about Glossier, we may collect your friend's name and email address in order to send your friend an email and (if you so choose) one follow-up reminder email inviting him or her to shop with us. We store information about the individuals you refer in order to send these  emails and to administer and track the success of our referral program.
Information we collect from other sources
When you access the Services through a social network, we collect information from the social network in accordance with your settings on the social network. If you interact with us on social media, we will collect information about those interactions. The information we may collect includes your name, picture, and email address. We may also collect information about you from third parties, including mailing list providers and publicly available sources, or friends that refer you to Glossier.
Information we collect by automated means
When you visit our sites, we collect certain information automatically. To collect this information, we may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor‘s computer or other internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as a pixel tag or clear GIF, is used to transmit information back to a web server. We may also collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites. The information we collect automatically may include: URLs that refer visitors to our websites;
Search terms used to reach our websites;
Details about the devices that are used to access our websites (such as IP address, browser information, device information, and operating system information);
Details about your interaction with our websites (such as the date, time, length of stay, and specific pages accessed during your visits to our websites, and which emails you may have opened); and
Usage information (such as the number and frequency of visitors to our websites).
We may associate this information with your Glossier account if you have one, the device you use to connect to our Services, or email or social media accounts that you use to engage with Glossier.
For more information about how we use cookies click here .
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Glossier and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for interest-based advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices . European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising through the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance .
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect to deliver the products you request, to maintain and customize your account and our interactions with you, and to provide, maintain, and improve our Services. We also use the information we collect to:
Communicate with you about our Services, including to tell you about products and services that may be of interest to you;
Respond to your requests, inquiries, comments, and suggestions;
Facilitate your engagement with the Services, including to enable you to post comments and reviews;
Offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions;
Conduct or administer surveys and other market research; and
Protect against, identify, investigate, and respond to fraud or other illegal activity.
How We Share Your Information
We may share the information we collect:
With service providers that perform services on our behalf, such as those that provide shipment and payment services, customer service, and marketing support;
With select partners as a part of co-sponsored promotions;
To comply with a legal or regulatory obligation, protect and defend Glossier’s rights or property, protect the safety of our customers and website users or the public, and protect against legal liability;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among Glossier’s current and future parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent and at your direction.
When you provide a product review or other user content, that content will be publicly posted. Other users may be able to see your name or other information about you that you post.
If you are in the United States, we may share information about you with select third parties so that they can communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we not share your information with such third parties, you may opt out by emailing us at [email protected] .
Your Rights and Choices
Managing or deleting your Glossier account
You may review, update, or modify your account information, including profile and contact information, at any time by logging into your Glossier account. You may delete your Glossier account by emailing [email protected] .
Opting out of email marketing
You may unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time by following the instructions included in those emails. If you opt out of receiving such communications, note that we may continue to send you non-promotional emails (such as order confirmation emails or emails about changes to our legal terms).
Restricting cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our websites.
Children
Our Services are not designed for children and do not knowingly collect personal data from children. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to us, please contact us , and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
Data Transfers and Privacy Shield
Glossier is headquartered in the United States, and we have operations and entities in the United States and other countries. As such, we may transfer your personal data to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal data receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
When we transfer personal data from the European Union or Switzerland to the United States, we comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss - U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Glossier has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, we are committed to resolving complaints about our processing of your personal data. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the Privacy Shield program should first contact us. We have further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-or-safe-harbor-claim for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
Under certain conditions, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. Glossier is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
If we share personal data transferred to the U.S. under the Privacy Shield with a third-party service provider that processes such data on our behalf, then we will be liable for that third party’s processing in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Residents of the European Economic Area
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data.
Legal Basis for Processing
If you are a resident of the EEA, we process your personal data when:
We need to use your personal data to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the Glossier products you have ordered).
We have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data. For example, we may process your personal data to send you marketing communications and to provide, secure, and improve our Services.
We have your consent to do so.
Data subject requests
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, updated, or erased. You may also have the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us as indicated below. If you have a Glossier account, you may also review, update, and delete certain personal data by logging into your account.
Questions or Complaints
If you are a resident of the EEA and have a concern about our practices concerning the processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For contact details of your relevant local Data Protection Authority, please see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm .
Links to Other Websites and Third-Party Content
We may provide links to third-party websites, services, and applications, such as Facebook, that are not operated or controlled by Glossier. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party services, and we cannot take responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of third-party services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third-party service before providing any information to or through them.
The Services may include an activity feed, social media buttons and widgets, such as the Facebook "Like" button or the "Share This" button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the third-party service that provides the feature.
Data Retention
Our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain personal data for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the data was collected, and any other permissible, related purpose. For example, we may retain certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for claims arising from the transaction has expired.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will post the updated policy on our sites and will indicate when the Privacy Policy was last revised. If we make any material changes, we will provide you with additional notice. You should periodically review our current Privacy Policy to stay informed of our personal data practices.
California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to request notice of how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes or to opt out of such sharing. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice or to opt out, please submit a written request to the following address: Glossier, Inc., 233 Spring Street, Floor 10, New York, NY 10013, Attn: Legal, or by emailing us by emailing us at [email protected] .
Contacting Glossier
If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, or would like to update your preferences or information we have about you, please contact us at the information provided below. We will take reasonable steps to respond to your request.
Glossier, Inc.
New York, NY 10013
Phase EU Limited
You can create an account later if you like.
Accounts allow you to check out faster and do other cool things on the site.
{{account.flash}}
Accounts allow you to check out faster.
