Transworld Business Advisors understands the importance of protecting the privacy of it’s website users. The information collected is used to market and improve the services we offer, to improve the web site content, and to contact you with updates to the web site or for other marketing purposes.
Certain areas of this site, require registration or a password for access. Information obtained from registered users of these areas may also be used for Transworld Business Advisors marketing purposes, and cookies may be used in those and other areas, as is described in this Policy. Information obtained in these areas may also be used in accordance with agreements governing access to and use of the specific areas. In addition, visitors of this website may choose to register for a Login user ID and password to simplify access to some interactive features on this website. Log file data and other information gathered from registered users of this website are used to improve the customer experience while on our website.
Please also see the Transworld Business Advisors Terms of Use on this website for terms of carriage, limitations of liability, and disclaimers of warranty and general terms applicable to all services and various information used and provided with Transworld Business Advisors services.
What information does Transworld Business Advisors capture about visitors to its web site?
Our web server uses an extended log file format which captures: date and time of visit, referring address (location from which a visitor comes to this website), type of Internet browser, and visitor’s IP address. (Each computer that connects to the Internet is assigned a unique number, an IP address, for identification purposes). The log file does not capture a visitor’s email address.
Does Transworld Business Advisors ask for personal information?
Several areas of this website may ask for personal information. In these areas, your name, address, email address, billing information, and business profile are requested. This information is collected to help us further develop our services, to provide you access to valuable Transworld Business Advisors Internet-based information and services, and to bill you for those services if you elect to use them.
How does Transworld Business Advisors use the information?
The information collected through this site helps us identify the type of web site content our customers value most. We use this information to market and improve the web site and our services. We also use this information to send you email notifications about updates to the web site, and to contact you by other means for marketing and other purposes. Our policy is to not give, sell or otherwise distribute the information collected through this site to third parties outside of Transworld Business Advisors (unless required by law); provided, however, in some cases we may use suppliers to assist us in collecting, using or otherwise processing for our benefit the information obtained through this site. Our practice is to require our suppliers to conduct such activities consistent with this policy and our requirements.
What happens when I leave this website to visit a Transworld Business Advisors linked website?
Parts of this website consist of products and services hosted by third-party businesses. When you leave our site to visit one of these sites, the only information transferred to the third-party is the fact that you came from this website (the referring address). This practice allows the third-party to monitor its own web site traffic, but does not provide them with any information about you. Transworld Business Advisors is not responsible or liable for the independent privacy policies of our third-party sites. You should consult the privacy policies at those sites to determine how your information may be used.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is a series of data characters that, when programmed into a web site, is placed by the web server into the browser’s application folder on your computer. Once placed onto your machine, the cookie will allow the web site to “recognize” you as a unique individual.
Does Transworld Business Advisors use cookies?
Cookies are used to achieve two goals. The first is to provide Transworld Business Advisors with the capability to personalize information for certain segments of its customer base. Secondly, in some instances, cookies are used to allow Transworld Business Advisors the opportunity to associate individual customers with their information profiles. For example, through the use of cookies, the website can “remember” your user ID when you login to Transworld Business Advisors at this website on your computer.
Can cookies be removed from my hard drive?
Yes, cookies can be removed from your hard drive. Also, depending on what type of web browser and what browser version you are using, you may be able to change the properties on your cookie file so that cookies are not used or saved. Please check with your browser provider for more information on removing cookies.
Additional resources on information privacy
The Electronic Privacy Information Center focuses public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure. EPIC Alert is the online newsletter of the Electronic Privacy Information Center in Washington, DC. The newsletter is bi-weekly and covers issues related to privacy and civil liberties in the information age.
Transworld Business Advisors reserves the right to amend the Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice. Please check back frequently in the event of changes. Your use of this website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy.
NOTICE REGARDING FRANCHISE OFFERS OR SALES
This information is not intended as an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, a franchise. It is for information purposes only. There are many countries and 15 U.S. states that regulate the offer and sale of franchises. The countries include Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada (provinces of Alberta, New Brunswick, Ontario and Prince Edward Island), China, France, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Lithuania, Malaysia, Mexico, Romania, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Taiwan, Venezuela, and the United States of America. The U.S. states are California, Hawaii, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, North Dakota, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. If you are a resident of one of these states or countries, or intend to operate a franchise in any of these provinces, states or Countries, we will not offer you a franchise unless and until we have complied with any applicable pre-sale registration and/or disclosure requirements in the applicable jurisdiction.
Transworld Business Advisors
Transworld Business Advisors is the world leader in the marketing and sales of businesses, franchises and commercial real estate. Whether you represent an acquisition-minded corporation, or are personally interested in owning your own company, Transworld offers the professional services that successfully bring buyers and sellers together.
