× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Mbusa.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Mbusa.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.mbusa.com/mercedes/policies/privacy_... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Freedom of Choice
If you do not want your Personal Information to be made available to any third party, please contact us at [email protected] so we can block your data accordingly. Note, however, that certain services and/or functions of our Site may not be available if you elect to block your Personal Information. Further, if, in connection with your use of a particular service, we ask to use your Personal Information in a way not described in this online privacy statement and you do not wish to permit that use, you can choose not to use that particular service. Otherwise, your use of such service will be your consent to the use of your Personal Information in the way described.
Email Communication
You will only receive email from MBUSA if you have requested to be on our mailing list. If you are currently on our list and would prefer not to receive further information from us, click here . To sign up for news, updates, and information from MBUSA via e-mail, click here .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California's "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide Personal Information while obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled, once per calendar year, to request and obtain from us information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the previous calendar year (e.g. requests made in 2005 will receive information regarding 2004 sharing activities).
To obtain this information on behalf of MBUSA, please e-mail us with "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
Our Site is a general audience site that is not designed nor intended to collect Personal Information from children under the age of 18. MBUSA does not knowingly collect or maintain any Personal Information from children under the age of 18. In addition, no part of this Site is designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 18. To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, children under the age of 18 should not provide any Personal Information on this Site. We ask that parents supervise their children while online.
Pixel Tags
We may use Pixel Tags on our Site and may permit third parties to place them on our Site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes. A Pixel Tag, also known as a "Web bug", is a small, graphic image on a Web page, Web-based document, or in an e-mail message that is designed to allow the site owner or a third party to monitor who is visiting a site. Web beacons are often invisible to the visitor because they are typically very small (only 1-by-1 pixel) and the same color as the background of the Web page, document, or email message. Web beacons are represented as HTML IMG tags in the Web page; visitors can click on "view profiles" of the web page to see whether the page is using a web beacon.
Web beacons collect the IP address of the computer that the Web beacon is sent to, the URL of the page the Web beacon comes from, and the time it was viewed. Web beacons can also be linked to Personal Information. For example, advertising networks use Web beacons to add information to a personal profile of what sites a person is visiting and to determine what banner ads to display based on the profile. Another use of Web beacons is to provide an independent accounting of how many people have visited a particular website. Web beacons are also used to gather statistics about Web browser usage at different places on the Internet.
IP Address and Click-Stream Data Collection
MBUSA may collect IP addresses and/or click-stream data for market research, for purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. Our servers identify your computer by its IP address. When you request web pages from our Site, our servers log your IP address.
Click-stream data is information collected by our servers when you request pages from our Site. Click-stream data may include such information as the page served, the time, the source of the request, the type of browser making the request, the preceding page view, and other such Non-Personal Information. When analyzed, this data helps us analyze how visitors arrive at our Site, what type of content is most popular, what type of visitors in the aggregate are interested in particular kinds of content, and the like.
Security
MBUSA uses commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain Personal Information to protect it from loss, misuse, alteration, or destruction by any unauthorized party. We encrypt order information, including credit card numbers, using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that our customers' information is safe as it is sent over the Internet to our server.
We exercise reasonable care to protect your Personal Information. This includes storing the Personal Information on our servers behind a secure firewall and ensuring all transmissions to other vendors use secure encryption technology. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. So while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us. This is especially true for information you transmit to us via email. We have no way of protecting that information until it reaches us. Once we receive your transmission, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information.
When registering for access to a secure area of our Site, we will ask you to select a Username and Password. We recommend that you do not divulge your Password to anyone. We will never ask you for your Password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also, remember to sign out of the registered area of our Site and close your browser window when you have finished.
Internally, we will limit access to Personal Information to those persons who need the information to provide products and services to you or maintain or service those products or services. These persons are limited in number and are committed to our privacy and security policies. We will review our security arrangements from time to time, as we deem appropriate.
Links to Other Sites
Please be aware that we provide links to third-party sites as a service to our visitors, and that we are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those sites. Please note that these sites´ privacy policies may differ from those of MBUSA. We encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices before providing them with information.
Privacy Statement Revisions
A revised online privacy statement will only apply to data collected subsequent to its effective date on this version of our Site. Any revisions will be posted at least seven days prior to its effective date.
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
