This Privacy Policy was lasted updated on: January 10, 2018.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We may from time to time change these rules. We will notify users of the Site of any changes by posting the revised policy reflecting them with a new effective date on this page. Your use of our Site following any such change means that you agree to the rules as changed. These rules--specifically including the "Customer Information Policy", "Use of Cookies", "Use of IP Addresses", and "Security" paragraphs below--apply to this website only and not to any other website or business activity of Genesco Inc. or any of its divisions, including Journeys, Journeys Kidz and/or Shi by Journeys.
The Site is intended for audiences 13 years of age and above. All areas on the Journeys Site that accept personal information (email address, name, address, gender etc.) from a customer have an age verification field. If the customer is not 13 years of age or older, the information is not accepted or stored by the Site.
A parent or legal guardian who is over the age of 18 may register his or her child as a member of the Journeys Kidz Birthday Club. Birthday Club members may receive promotional offers and other information about Journeys Kidz at the address provided.
Journeys does collect customer information on those users who are 13 years of age or older in an effort to improve our customers' shopping experience. Journeys recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly. The information collected is used to help us respond to customer inquiries, send emails about sales and events, send catalogs and other marketing and promotional materials through the mail, contact contest winners and/or ship and bill orders. The information also helps us in determining what products appeal to our customers so we can better merchandise our site.
Journeys collects personal information necessary to process an order, a catalog request, a contest entry or a request to receive promotional emails from the consumer. This information includes name, address, city, state, zipcode, phone number, email address, gender (optional) and date of birth (optional). For those users who have opted to register their personal profile with the Site by setting up an “account”, the above information, including additional “Ship To” addresses, can be reviewed and maintained by the customer by accessing it through the “My Account” link in the top navigation bar of the Site’s pages. For those customers who have not registered a maintainable account on the site, they may contact Journeys customer service at 1-888-324-6356 to have their information updated as needed.
We may use customer information for marketing and promotional purposes. Each promotional email we send comes with a link that enables our customers to unsubscribe or remove themselves from our mailing list. In addition, we may from time to time make customer information available to other carefully screened companies. Categories of companies with which we may share information include other companies that we believe offer products and services that our customers may be interested in, either directly or through companies that market information about potential customers to other suppliers of products or services. If you would like to make sure that we make every effort not to share your email address or other information with third parties, just send an email to journeysremove@genesco.com . Please specify which of the Journeys’ brands (Journeys, Journeys Kidz and/or Shi by Journeys) from which you would no longer like to receive messages.
When we offer contests or promotions, or join with other companies to do so, visitors who choose to participate in these contests and promotions may be asked to provide personal information to participate. That information may then be used by us and any company offering the contest or promotions to notify winners or to fulfill promotional obligations. We may use third parties to perform services such as mailing catalogs and other marketing and promotional materials on our behalf. We will supply customer information to those third parties to the extent necessary to enable them to perform the services we have engaged them to provide.
Third Party Integrated Solutions
In addition to the third-party service providers discussed elsewhere in this policy, Journeys uses carfully selected third-party solution providers on its website to offer specific functionality that help improve the shopping experience for its customers.  As a result, there are occasions where the Site must share customer information with one or more of those providers in order for their software to function as expected and provide our customers with the expected benefit.  In addition to the third-party payment and email opt-in services which are made available through the site, Journeys currently uses the three third-party providers listed below, each of which has access to some customer information as described.  The companies listed have committed to Journeys to adhere to our Customer Information Policy and, in some cases, have also listed a link to their own company policy.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as S.B. 27, allows our California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosures, if any, of personally identifiable information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at either journeysremove@genesco.com or Genesco Retail Direct, Genesco Inc., 1415 Murfreesboro Rd, Suite 503, Nashville, TN 37217 and include your name and the address to which you would like us to respond. We will attempt to provide you with the requested information within thirty days of receipt.
How We Respond to a "Do Not Track" Signal from Your Browser
Currently, this site does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals from your browser. 
Use Of Cookies
What is a cookie? A cookie is a piece of information that is sent to your computer's hard drive to help our site recognize you when you return to our Site. Cookies are used as a standard practice by many sites. An example of how we use this function could be if you started to place items in your shopping cart, but then for some reason had to leave our Site or shut off your computer. When you return to our Site, the cookie would enable our Site to recognize that you have returned and all the items you placed in your cart during an earlier session would still be in your shopping cart. 
We also use cookies to determine the number of people that come to our Site. It is important for us to understand the number of new customers using our Site. When your computer accepts the cookie, we are able to record that session as a new visitor to our Site.
As important as cookies are to our Site, we understand that this might make you uncomfortable. If you would prefer to not accept cookies from ours or any other Site, you can modify the setting on your specific web browser to not accept them. Please refer to your browser's online help feature or the user's manual for instructions on how to do this.
Use Of IP Addresses
An IP address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you get on to the internet. Your computer's IP address is used by our Site for administration purposes and to report aggregate traffic information to our affiliates and advertisers. Our Site does not tie personal information to an IP address.
 
Site Contents
Except for brand names and trademarks of third-party vendors of merchandise featured on the Site, or unless otherwise noted, all materials, including images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips, and written and other materials that are part of this Site (collectively, the "Contents") are copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual properties owned, controlled or licensed by Genesco Inc. (the "Company"). The Site as a whole is protected by copyright and trade dress, all worldwide rights, titles and interests in and to which are owned by the Company. Journeys and all related trademarks appearing at this Site are trademarks of the Company.
The Contents of our Site, and the Site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our Site. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Site for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials or software is transferred to you as a result of, any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or participate in any sale of, or exploit in any way, in whole or in part, any of the Contents, the Site, or any related software.
You acknowledge that you are responsible for any information, profiles, messages, text, files, images, photos, video, music, sounds, or other content or materials (“User Content”) that you submit, upload, post or otherwise provide or make available to Journeys or its vendors, on or through the Website or otherwise (“Submissions”), including User Content you agree to allow the use of that is on third party companies’ websites, for example Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat, YouTube, Pinterest and Google+, that are associated with hashtags related to Journeys, including, for example, #myjourneys, #myjourneyskidz, #sharemyjourneys and #work4shoes. Such Submissions may be used on the Website and/or on other Journeys marketing materials, including emails, social media and store signage. You may only make a Submission if you are 18 years of age or over. If your Submission is selected by Journeys to be used, it may be displayed for other users to see, together with your name and associated profile information (such as your handle and profile picture). Journeys is under no obligation to display, feature or use any Submission, but may do so at its sole discretion.
Any Submission will be treated as non-confidential. Any Submission also will be treated as non-proprietary, except as specifically set forth herein. By making a Submission, you hereby grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, Journeys, its affiliated entities, vendors and licensees a nonexclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, sell, assign, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display any Submission, as well as your name, Instagram, Twitter, or Snapchat handle, Facebook ID, profile picture, image, likeness, comments, posts, statements or other information, in any manner, and in any and all distribution channels, venues, forms, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, alone or as part of other works, without further notice or any compensation to you. You also acknowledge that your Submission may not be returned and we may use your Submission, and any ideas, concepts or know how contained therein, for any purpose including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing, distributing and marketing products. Subject to the licenses granted in these Terms of Use, you retain ownership of any copyrights and rights of publicity you may have in your Submissions.
If you make a Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control any rights to your Submission and any and all elements thereof; that you have the rights from any and all third parties appearing in such Submission to grant the license contained in these Terms of Use for such third parties' names, images or likenesses and any other third party-owned elements as necessary in and as part of your Submission; and that your Submission will not infringe or violate the rights of any third parties, including, but not limited to, copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity/privacy, patent, trade secret or confidentiality. You further represent and warrant that your Submissions comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, and any third party agreements to which you are subject, including Instagram, Twitter, Facebook, Snapchat, YouTube, Pinterest and Google+’s Terms of Use.
You further represent and warrant that your Submissions do not constitute or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false email address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead Journeys as to the origin of any Submission. You agree to indemnify Journeys, our vendors, including Olapic, Inc., and third parties such as Instagram, LLC, Twitter Inc., Facebook, Inc., Snap, Inc., Pinterest, Inc. and Google Inc. and any of our or their respective parents, affiliates, licensees, licensors, and each of our or their respective officers, directors, employees, successors, agents and assigns, for all claims arising from or in connection with (a) the use of any Submission, including, without limitation, all claims arising out of or based upon copyright or trademark infringement, misappropriation, invasion of privacy, defamation, right of publicity and/or any blurring, alteration, editing, morphing, distortion, illusionary effect, faulty reproduction, fictionalization or use in any composite form of your or any other person's or entity's name, Instagram, Twitter, or Snapchat handle, Facebook ID, profile picture, image, likeness, comments, posts, statements or other information and/or the Submission; or (b) any breach or alleged breach by you of any of these Terms of Use or applicable laws. THE FOREGOING INDEMNIFICATION PROVISION SHALL NOT APPLY TO JOURNEYS’S OWN NEGLIGENCE OR INTENTIONAL CONDUCT.
When you make a Submission, you acknowledge and agree that the Submission will be non-proprietary (except as specifically set forth herein) and non-confidential, may be made available to the general public, and may be used by Journeys without restriction. You further irrevocably waive any "moral rights" or other rights with respect to attribution of authorship or integrity of materials regarding any Submission that you may have under any applicable law or under any legal theory.
Journeys reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to edit any Submission and to choose to include or not include such Submission on the Website or otherwise use the Submission. The Website may include the opinions, statements and other content of third parties. Journeys is not responsible for screening, monitoring or verifying such content, including such content's accuracy, reliability or compliance with copyright or other laws. Any opinions, statements, or other materials made available by third parties through the Website are those of such third parties and not of Journeys, including its licensors and/or vendors, and Journeys does not endorse any such opinions, statements, or materials.
You acknowledge and agree that Journeys has no control over, and shall have no liability for any damages resulting from, the use (including, without limitation, re-publication) or misuse by any third party of any Submission.
Feedback
Any questions, comments, suggestions, or other information about Journeys products or services submitted to Journeys through this Website (“Feedback”) shall be deemed non-confidential and non-proprietary. Journeys shall be free to use, reproduce, disclose and distribute such Feedback in any manner without limitation. Journeys specifically prohibits you from sending us any information that you consider to be confidential or proprietary through this Website. Please note that if you do send us any such information or material, the information will be non-confidential and non-proprietary and Journeys will not have any obligation or liability to you arising from Journeys’ and/or any third party’s receipt or use of such information or material.
Feedback and User Content
You understand that all Feedback and User Content posted on, transmitted through, or linked from the Website, is the sole responsibility of the person from whom such Feedback and User Content originated. You understand that Journeys does not control, and is not responsible for Feedback and User Content made available through the Website and that by using the Website, you may be exposed to Feedback and User Content that is offensive, indecent, inaccurate, misleading, or otherwise objectionable. Journeys expressly disclaims any liability for such Feedback and User Content.
You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Feedback and User Content. You further agree that you will not rely on said Feedback and User Content, and that under no circumstances will Journeys be liable in any way for any Feedback and User Content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Feedback and User Content posted, emailed or otherwise made available. You acknowledge that Journeys does not pre-screen or approve Feedback and User Content, but that Journeys shall have the right (but not the obligation) in its sole discretion to refuse, delete or move any Feedback and User Content for any reason.
Your interactions with organizations, events and/or individuals found on or through the Website are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. Journeys expressly disclaims any liability for such organizations, events or individuals.
Product Information
The products displayed at the Site are available in select Journeys’ stores in Canada while supplies last. The prices displayed at the Site are quoted in Canadian and are valid and effective only in Canada.
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Links To Other Web Sites And Services
This Site may contain links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which the Company does not control. Any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. The privacy policy, terms of use and other conditions of access specified on or applicable to any third party site will govern access and use of such site, the site owner's use of information obtained from users, etc.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Except where legally prohibited, all participants agree that: (1) any and all disputes and claims shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the state or federal courts in Tennessee; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with entering the program, but in no event attorneys' fees; and (3) under no circumstances will participant be permitted to obtain awards for, and participant hereby waives all rights to claim, indirect, punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. All legal issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Terms and Conditions, or the rights and obligations of any participant and Journeys, shall be governed by the laws of Tennessee, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules.
THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
This provision is unenforceable or inapplicable within the State of New Jersey.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold the Company harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
This provision is unenforceable or inapplicable within the State of New Jersey.
Miscellaneous
This Site is controlled and operated by the Company from its offices in Nashville, Tennessee.
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Tennessee, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and federal courts of the State of Tennessee, County of Davidson and/or the Middle District of Tennessee.
Termination
This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or the Company. Either of us may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice.
RSS feeds
Individuals may use the Site’s RSS feeds free of charge for their personal, non-commercial use only. Journeys reserves the right to disable, to change, or to cease distribution of these RSS feeds at any time, and reserves the right to require individuals to cease any and all use of these feeds at any time for any reason. To request permission to make commercial use of the Site’s RSS feeds, please submit your request by filling out our online form found at  Comments About Our Site . Journeys will consider such submitted requests, but is not obligated to grant any specific permission request.
REMEMBER -- IF YOU REGISTER WITH THE SITE, SIGN UP FOR FREE E-MAIL, PURCHASE SOMETHING FROM JOURNEYS, OR ENTER ANY OF OUR CONTESTS, YOU AGREE TO THESE TERMS. AS WE UPDATE AND EXPAND OUR SERVICES, THIS POLICY MIGHT CHANGE, SO CHECK IT OUT FROM TIME TO TIME.
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-888-324-6356 for assistance in English or 1-866-322-9099 for assistance in Spanish.
