GENERAL
This Privacy Policy Statement (“Privacy Policy”) explains how CAESARSTONE LTD. and/or its affiliates (collectively, “CAESARSTONE” or “We”) collect, use, share, protect and may disclose under certain circumstances, your information and it applies to your use of the website located at the following domain address: http://www.caesarstone.com (the “Web Site”). Your use of the Website is also governed by the terms of use published in the Website (the “Terms of Use”). By using this site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by CAESARSTONE. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Privacy Policy and the terms of the Terms of Use the terms of Terms of Use shall prevail.
 
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you use of (including any browse through or access of) the Web Site, we may gather certain information, including the following information:
Personally Identifiable Information– This is information that may identify a person such as: first name, last name, E-mail address and phone number. We may collect Personally Identifiable Information about you, ONLY if you voluntarily choose to provide it yourself (for example: while submitting certain forms in or through the Web Site). There may be Personal Information that remains within our databases, access logs, and other records.
Anonymous/Non-Personally Identifiable Information- which is information that alone cannot identify you, including without limitations, information derived from cookies, pixel tags and web beacons, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser language, and the web page you have visited immediately prior to visiting the Web Site or other numeric codes used to identify a computer.
 
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
 
 
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
 
DISCLOSING OF ANY INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES
We share Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information collected via the Web Site with other companies or individuals as follows: (i) third parties who provide a service to CAESARSTONE, such as with vendors that assist CAESARSTONE in sending email, marketing and customer service (including their sub-contractors), on the understanding that they will keep the information confidential; (ii) third parties if CAESARSTONE has a good faith belief that access, use, or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process or an enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce the applicable CAESARSTONE’s Terms of Use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of CAESARSTONE, its users or the public as required or permitted by law; (iii) any of CAESARSTONE subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with CAESARSTONE, in which case CAESARSTONE will require them to honor this policy. Additionally, in the event CAESARSTONE goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, both your Personally Identifiably Information and/or Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be among the assets transferred; and (iv) third parties to whom you ask CAESARSTONE to send both Personally Identifiable Information and/or Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
 
THIRD PARTIES’ PRACTICES
 
SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
 
MODIFICATION AND DELETION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
You are entitled to review the database information submitted by you and/or relating to you, under applicable law. A person who has reviewed the information relating to him/her and found it to be incorrect, incomplete, unclear or not up to date, may contact the database owner and request that the information be updated or deleted, as follows:
Deletion - In order to delete the Personally Identifiable Information you submitted, please notify us, through our online contact form, available at: http://www.caesarstoneus.com/about-us/contact-us/ that you wish to delete your Personally Identifiable Information contained at our databases.
 
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
 
California Do Not Track Disclosures
Some web browsers may transmit "do-not-track" signals to websites with which the browser communicates. Our Site does not currently respond to these “do-not-track” signals.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
 
GOVERNING LAW
 
CONTACT US
 
Disclaimer
Some photos used depict applications and specifics that may not be covered by Caesarstone's warranties.
Please refer to your fabricator and our warranty guidelines for further detail.
