49 Queen Victoria Street, London EC4N 4SA +44 207 193 0080
Introduction
 
 
On this Website.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Website.
 
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
 
 
Children Under the Age of 13
 
 
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
 
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
 
 
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, posting material, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
 
 
 
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
 
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). See below how you can opt out of behavioral tracking:
 
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
 
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information section below.
 
 
 
 
 
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In other ways we may describe to you when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
 
 
 
Disclosure of Your Information
 
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of TRAVOD’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by TRAVOD about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To third parties to market their products or services to you if you have consented to or not opted out of these disclosures. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information section below.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
 
 
 
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe’s website . If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by doing following, click on the browser you are using:  Firefox users , Chrome users , Opera users , Internet Explorer users , Safari users .
 
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDUSTRIES
COMPANY
2018© TRAVOD Ltd. All Rights Reserved
