e-alert       Subscription!Sign up       to be notified of NCTR's transit research, education and       technology transfer
               
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
at the University of South Florida
INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting the University of South Florida's  National Center for Transit Research (NCTR) website.  NCTR follows USF's  Internet Privacy Policy which is as follows:
Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our  policy for official USF websites is to collect no personal information about you  when you visit an official USF website unless you affirmatively choose to make  such information available to us.
When you visit official USF websites, our Web servers  automatically recognize only the Internet domain and IP address from which you  accessed that website, and keep track of the types of operating systems, screen  resolutions, and other hardware related items that help us make our site more  accessible. This information does not result in the identification of your  personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, we may gather information regarding the volume  and timing of access to our websites by collecting information on the date, time  and website pages accessed by visitors to the website. We do this so that we can  improve the content of our website and this information is not shared with other  organizations. Again, only aggregate information is collected, and individual  visitor's personal information is not identified.
If you choose to share information with us - by sending us a  message or filling out an electronic form with personal information - we will  use the information only for the purposes you authorized. Some of the  information may be saved for a designated period of time to comply with  Florida's archiving policies, but we will not disclose the information to third  parties or other government agencies, unless required to do so by state or  federal law or by your specific permission.
Please be aware that as a large University with over 45,000  students, faculty and staff, there are many websites within the USF.edu domain.  This policy relates to those websites on which the University conducts its  official business. Because we encourage the development and deployment of  technology in an environment of academic freedom, we cannot ensure that all  websites within the USF.edu domain are in strict compliance with this policy at  all times.
 
 
Copyright © 2007, University  of South Florida, 4202 E. Fowler Ave., CUT 100,  Tampa, FL 33620-5375
  813.974.3120
