Privacy Policy
The USF Institute for Research in Art places a high priority on protecting your privacy. Our commitment to personal privacy is demonstrated by our policy, which prohibits disclosure of personal information to a third party organization. We do not sell or trade the personal information of our members. The personal information you provided is solely for internal use by the USF Institute for Research in Art.
Members
When you join the IRA as a member, we collect your personal information for specific, limited purposes. The information you provide enables us to better serve your needs, including more personalized services, sending you email alerts, and printed materials about our programs.
Web visitors
We will collect no personal information about you when you visit our web site unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read pages, or download information, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com") and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our web site;
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
The date and time you access our site;
The pages you visit; and
If you linked to the IRA web site from another web site, the address of that web site
We use this information to help us make our site more useful to visitors -- to learn about the number of visitors to our site and the types of technology our visitors use. We do not track or record information about individuals and their visits.
Email Blast Sign-up
The IRA offers web visitors the opportunity to sign up for email notices about events and exhibitions. You may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions in the emails.
Mailing List Sign-up
The IRA offers visitors to its web site the opportunity to sign up to receive printed marketing materials through the mail. These include notices about events and exhibitions, new release cards from Graphicstudio, the IRA’s yearly calendar, and membership information.
Graphicstudio Sales
When you purchase a work of art from Graphicstudio, your contact information will be added to our mailing list. You may receive email event notices, and printed marketing materials through the mail, including notices about events and exhibitions, new release cards from Graphicstudio, the IRA’s yearly calendar, and membership information.
Links to Other Web Sites
This web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by the IRA. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. This privacy statement applies only to this web site.
Online Purchases – CAM Online Museum Store
When you purchase merchandise through CAM’s Online Museum Store, your contact information will be added to our mailing list. You may receive email event notices, and printed marketing materials through the mail, including notices about events and exhibitions, new release cards from Graphicstudio, the IRA’s yearly calendar, and membership information. Your credit card information will be used only for the purpose of processing and documenting the transaction, and is never seen by any employee of the USF Institute for Research in Art.
Please also see the Touchnet privacy policy that applies to all sales conducted through the  Online Museum Store.
Unsubscribe
 
