INTERNET PRIVACY POLICY
Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our policy for official USF websites is to collect no personal information about you when you visit an official USF website unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit official USF websites, our Web servers automatically recognize only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed that website, the types of operating systems, screen resolutions, and other hardware  related items that help us make our site more accessible. This information does not result in the identification of your  personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, we may gather information regarding the volume and timing of access to our websites by collecting information  on the date, time and website pages accessed by visitors to the website. We do this so that we can improve the content of  our website and this information is not shared with other organizations. Again, only aggregate information is collected, and  individual visitor's personal information is not identified.
If you choose to share information with us - by sending us a message or filling out an electronic form with personal  information - we will use the information only for the purposes you authorized. Some of the information may be saved for a  designated period of time to comply with Florida's archiving policies, but we will not disclose the information to third  parties or other government agencies, unless required to do so by state or federal law or by your specific permission.
Please be aware that as a large university with more than 47,000 students, faculty and staff, there are many websites within the usf.edu domain.  This policy relates to those websites on which USF conducts its official business. Because we encourage  the development and deployment of technology in an environment of academic freedom, we cannot ensure that all websites  within the usf.edu domain are in strict compliance with this policy at all times.
If you have other questions about our privacy policy, or have ideas about improving our policies, please feel free to e-mail University Communications and Marketing office at webservices@usf.edu or by telephone at (813) 974-4014.
Processing Payments
Credit Card and Security Notice Statements
USF has strict guidelines on who can collect online payments for products and services.  USF Information Technology uses  payment transaction software that meets all government and banking institution requirements for compliance (this includes  Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards Compliance and Graham, Leach, Bliley Act).  The Payment Card Industry Data  Security Standard (PCI DSS) is a worldwide information security standard defined by the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council .  The standard was created to help payment card industry organizations that process card payments prevent  credit card fraud through increased controls around data and its exposure to compromise.
If you make a payment in an online transaction with USF, we may share information regarding these payments with payment  gateways and resellers for the express purpose of completing a transaction or verifying that a transaction is not  fraudulent. In each case these companies do not share or resell private information for any purpose outside of completing  the transaction. If we are required by law to disclose certain information collected in an online transaction to local,  state, federal, national or international government or law enforcement authorities, USF will do so.
Security
The University of South Florida takes credit card information security seriously. We have implemented a variety of technical and procedural controls to ensure transactions collected on our site are private and protected.  To ensure information you  provide online is secure during transmission, USF employs leading edge, encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (SSL)  while processing personal information supplied by you.
For technical assistance, please e-mail us at: webservices@usf.edu
*NOTE: Do not include your payment account #s in correspondence to the University. It would be helpful to always include your name and UID to ensure we are assisting the correct person.
