This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by RangeMe USA LLC. (“RangeMe”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our website and purchase any of our products or services (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us.
 
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address, postal address, phone number, and any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
 
Use Of Information
We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices,
Communicate with you about products and services;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services; and
Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
 
Sharing Of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of RangeMe or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
 
Social Sharing Features
 
Advertising And Analytics Services Provided By Others
 
 
Your Choices
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account, emailing us at team@rangeme.com. If you wish to delete or deactivate your account, please email us at team@rangemem.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Marketing and Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from RangeMe by following the instructions in those emails or by emailing team@rangeme.com and requesting to be removed from our mailing list. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Your California Privacy Rights
 
Contact Us
 
