Privacy policy
You are a valued customer of megabus and we take your privacy very seriously. This privacy policy is intended to inform you about the information we collect from you, how we collect that information, how we use it, and how we will let you know if our privacy policy changes. The privacy policy applies to megabus.com and any other website or mobile application that links to this Policy (collectively, “our Services”). Please be assured that megabus.com will only use your information in accordance with this Policy.
The information we collect from you and how we collect it
Generally, you are the source of this information because you voluntarily provide it when you are making a reservation on our services. We also collect information about your browser and the devices you are using to interact with us.
If you make a reservation on megabus.com
In order to process your megabus.com reservation we may ask you to provide information such as:
Your name
If you participate in the manage reservations service
If you take advantage of our manage Reservations service, we may ask you to provide additional information when you register.  This information may include:
Your date of birth
The purpose of your trip
Details about the credit card holder
If you request disability assistance
If you advise us that you will require special assistance during your trip because of a disability, in order to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act, we may ask you for information, including:
Your name
Information we automatically collect when you access our services
When you access our services we may automatically collect:
The type of web browser and operating system you have used to access our Services;
The type of device you have used to access our Services, including unique device identifiers;
Your IP address (which is a number automatically assigned to your computer when you access the Internet and can be used to derive your general geographic location);
The websites you visited before and after you visit our Services;
Information about the content you view and the actions you take on the Services;
Information about your current location (if you consent to providing us this information); and
Information we collect using cookies, as described below.
Please note that we may use third-party providers to help us collect some of this information.  This information is not linked to your browser session ID as stored by cookies.  For more information on how we use cookies, please see Cookies below.
Cookies
Some of our Services use cookies. Cookies are small text files that are sent from our website to your browser, which may then store them on your computer system. No personal information is stored or gathered by cookies.  We use cookies to store a unique identification number that identifies your browser session.  This helps us recognize your browser as you navigate to different places on our Services.  Without cookies, our Services would "forget" the items in your basket each time you went to a different page.  The session information used by this site is deleted when your browser is closed.
If you would like more information on what a cookie is and its implications on privacy, anonymity and security, please see allaboutcookies.com.
Do not track requests
Although some browsers allow you to send a signal indicating that you do not wish to be "tracked", our Services do not recognize or respond to "Do Not Track" signals.
How we use the information we collect and receive
The information we collect and receive is used to provide the service you have requested; to confirm your reservation or to reply to questions you may ask.  It is also used to provide you updated information concerning changes to the Megabus.com service you have reserved.  If you have elected to join our Manage Reservations service, then your information is used to allow our megabus frequent travelers to save time during the reservation process by allowing us to pre-complete certain fields.   The collected information will also allow you to review reservations that you have made with us.  Your information will also be available to our customer service agents to allow them to assist you with any questions you may have.  We will also use this information to enable us to deliver a more effective and targeted service to you, the passenger.  We will use information about your computer equipment and the pages on our Services that you visited for statistical evaluation.  Finally, you may receive email from us concerning promotions and offers from Megabus.com and about changes to our website.  You will be offered the opportunity in those emails to cease receiving them.
Sharing of your information
Megabus.com does not sell your information or provide it to any third parties except in compliance with this Policy.
All payment transactions on our website are handled by Worldpay, a secure payment processing provider. Your credit card and related personal details are collected by Worldpay in order to process your payment. More details regarding Worldpay’s terms and conditions, and privacy and security policies can be found by visiting www.worldpay.com
If you accessed our Services from a third party website, we may provide your information to that third party for purposes of enabling the third party to collect a commission from Megabus.com related to your purchase of a reservation on our service.
We may provide your information to companies that provide services directly to us, including our website designers and technical consultants. This information will be used by such organizations only to perform their functions and/or to provide the service you have requested and for no other purpose.
If you are an existing customer, megabus.com and other companies in the Stagecoach Group plc group of companies may use your email address to provide you with information about promotions and services we think may be of interest to you; however, you can choose not to receive such notices. If you are simply a visitor to this website and not an existing customer of megabus.com, we may nonetheless wish to give you the opportunity to receive such information and may ask for your consent to do so.
In the event of the sale or transfer of our company or its assets, information we have collected from you or about you may be disclosed to the buyer as part of the sale or transfer process and will be transferred to the buyer as one of the transferred assets.
It is not our policy to provide any further entities or organization(s) with your  information provided to us via this website, unless we share in response to legal process or when necessary to protect our Services.
Accuracy of Personal Information Provided
If the credit card holder for reservations is not you, it will be your responsibility to ensure that you have the card holder’s consent before entering any related details, and that such details when entered are true. Other than the foregoing, by using our Services, you confirm that you will only enter personal information about yourself and that such information is true.
Protection of information
We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect the information we maintain, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us.
Children
Our Services are intended for a general audience.  We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personal information from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent, except as permitted by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act.  If you are a parent who consents to the collection of personal information from your child, you agree that your child may use all our Services and that we may collect, use, and disclose your child’s personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Third-party websites and services
Our Services may link to websites or other online services operated by third-party companies (e.g., websites where you can book hotel accomodations).  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties.  Once you have left our Services, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website or service to determine how the third party will handle any information it collects from you.
Modification of this policy
Megabus.com reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time.  Changes will be posted here.  This policy was last modified on March 3, 2014.
