Last updated:  August 22, 2014
 
This Privacy Policy was lasted updated August 22, 2014 and may be updated from time to time. Please check back periodically for further updates and changes. The most updated version will be the one that is available on this website.
WHAT INFORMATION ABOUT ME IS COLLECTED AND STORED?
 
 
 
You may choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of certain capabilities of this website, our mobile applications or other services we may offer.  For example, you must provide certain personal information in order to place an order or to register for an account on or through this website.
 
When you download or use our mobile applications, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services like local store information, search results, and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow users to disable location services by using controls located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device's location services, please contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.
Automatically Collected Information
 
 
 
 
Our websites currently do not have a mechanism to recognize “Do Not Track” signals, but several of the third-party companies who utilize these cookies or beacons enable you to opt out of this advertising. If you wish to opt out of receiving this third-party interest-based advertising, you may obtain more information here . Please note this does not opt you out of receiving marketing communications from us.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
WITH WHOM IS INFORMATION SHARED?
Except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, rent, or share with third parties any of your personal information.
 
We may share personal information with certain third parties that perform services on our behalf. The services provided by those third parties may include: operating the website, hosting the website, providing the products and services you request, authorization and processing of your payments, product fulfillment, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, marketing and promotional material distribution, loyalty program management, promotions fulfillment, web site evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. Those third parties are not authorized to use or disclose personal information you provide to us on or through this website for any purpose other than to perform the services designated by us.
 
 
We do not intend to collect personal information from anyone who is under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13 you should not provide any personal information to us and you should use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and suspect he/she has provided personal information on or through the website, please contact us as set forth below under "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
WHAT STEPS ARE TAKEN TO KEEP PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE?
 
The security of your information is important to us. We have instituted security procedures and measures to protect our servers and networks that store personal information. Unfortunately, no transmission of information over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and, therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information. In order to help protect personal information you provide to us, you: (i) should not share your password or account information with others, (ii) should use a secure web browser, and (iii) should change your password frequently. If you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft, or unauthorized use of a password, please contact us as set forth below under "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
HOW CAN I ACCESS, CORRECT, AND UPDATE PERSONAL INFORMATION?
 
You may access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on the "My Account" area of this website and following the instructions set forth therein or by contacting us with your request as set forth below under "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
We reserve the right to retain any personal information reasonably necessary to appropriately document our business activities and for archival and record retention purposes. We will store personal information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You may find out more details regarding this Privacy Policy by contacting us as provided below under "How Can I Contact You Regarding This Privacy Policy?"
 
There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. When you set-up an account or click on the "My Account" area of this website, you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard. You also will have an opportunity to change these selections by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional e-mails we send you. If you have not established an account but have instead signed-up for our e-mail list, you will be able to change your e-mail preferences by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional e-mails we send you. Please note that removal of personal information from our database or "opting-out" will not stop marketing or advertising content that is generated for distribution or is otherwise queued for transmission to you prior to the time when we can implement your request. 
If you establish an account, you may receive certain types of communications even if you have not opted-in to receive them because these types of communications may be necessary in order to maintain an account on the website.
 
This website may contain links to or from websites to which this Privacy Policy does not apply ("Linked Websites"). Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not reflect the practices regarding information collection, use and disclosure of Linked Websites or the owners or operators of those Linked Websites. Your use of Linked Websites will be governed by the terms of use, privacy policies, and other terms, notices, and policies set forth on or referenced in those Linked Websites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit.
HOW CAN I CONTACT YOU REGARDING THIS PRIVACY POLICY? 
 
If you have any questions or concerns regarding your privacy or the Privacy Policy you can send a request with your concerns or any further questions to us by using the contact information provided below:
By Email: tnfsupport@vfc.com
 
 
 
By Mail:
WHAT IF I AM AN INTERNATIONAL USER?
Our digital operations are conducted, in whole or in part, in the United States. Regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed, and stored in the United States, and allow The North Face® to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Customer Service
A valid email address is required
*Required
