Washington Exclusive
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track users activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, this website has no access or control over these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Collection of Personal Information
When visiting this website, the IP address used to access the site will be logged along with the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement and gather broad demographic information for internal use. Most importantly, any recorded IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Links to third party Websites
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.
Changes to this Privacy Statement
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.
Articles, Youtube and Videos
Some of our content we get is from primary sources of internet, such as TechCruch, Mashable, YahooNews, Youtube.com and so on. So whatever license goes back credit to the main owner of the website, in fact we always make sure that any feed content has it own source link, plus linked back to the original author,page or website. If these breaks any law regulation, just contact us, we will bring it down.
If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy then you may contact us.- Advertisement -
Democrats to delay Kavanaugh vote until next week
Democrats are poised to block a Thursday committee vote to advance the nomination of Brett Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court   Read more
House Republicans unveil bills for second round of tax cuts
House Republicans have introduced bills for a second phase of tax cuts, after the Trump administration announced plans to pursue "tax reform 2.0" as a follow-up to last year's legislation   Read more
McConnell: Election will be 'very challenging' for Senate Republicans
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) warned on Tuesday that the November midterm elections will be "very challenging" for Republicans, saying that the GOP is facing a "storm" as it tries to hold on to the Senate   Read more
The Worst Police Shooting Yet
Amber Guyger’s killing of Botham Shem Jean is an unspeakable tragedy. It also highlights the need for officers like Guyger to face impartial justice   Read more
The two lessons from Les Moonves' ouster
If the swift departure of CBS Chairman Les Moonves has a bright side, it’s that a major television network took accusations of sexual harassment against its chief executive seriously enough to hold him accountable and obtain his resignation even at the expense of upending the management of its multi-billion dollar business   Read more
09/10/2018
Under Trump, the jobs boom has finally reached blue-collar workers. Will it last?
Growth in this sector is occurring at the fastest rate since 1984   Read more
Washington Exclusive
