IMPORTANT: You are using an old browser. You will not be able to checkout using this browser for data security reasons. Please use another browser or upgrade this one to continue. Read more.
Search Catalog
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy  The Burpee website is provided as a service to our customers and to home gardeners across the United States.  We do not attempt to capture or solicit any personal information as part of your visit to this site.
What personally identifiable information is collected and how is it used?
When you order products or register on the site, we need you to provide your name, email address, mailing address, day phone number and credit card information (when ordering products only), as well as create a user name and password. This allows us to keep a user profile so that we may customize preferences for each specific user, as well as provide a faster method for user to submit information to Burpee and receive back either the information or products desired.
W. Atlee Burpee and Co recognizes that gardeners may want products other than the high-quality seeds, plants, and general merchandise that we offer. Therefore, from time to time, W. Atlee Burpee and Co may make customer information available to other reputable companies whose products or services we think you might find interesting.
You may always select not to provide information, to opt-out of receiving communications from us or to update your information at any time. Burpee.com gives users the following options:
To modify your personal information, just go to " My Account " and the information is accessible.  At this location, you can subscribe or unsubscribe from our e-mail newsletters and you can update any information that you have provided to us.
Click on the "Unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of each of our e-mails and follow the instructions.
Send an e-mail to our Customer Service department at  custserv@burpee.com .
Call our Customer Service representatives toll free at 1-800-888-1447.
Send mail to the following postal address: W. Atlee Burpee and Co, 300 Park Avenue, Warminster PA 18974.
What navigational information is collected and how is it used?
Burpee.com logs the user's Internet Protocol Address (IP). An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your PC every time you browse the Internet. Information from IP addresses is used for system administration, to examine overall traffic trends, troubleshooting, and recognzing your growing zone to serve you relevant content pertaining to your growing area. This information is used only in the aggregate form.
Cookies, what are they and how are they used?
To improve your online shopping experience, W. Atlee Burpee & Co. partners with third party vendors to evaluate how Burpee.com is used and to make improvements based on those evaluations. Most website's, including Burpee.com, use "cookies" for a variety of purposes to improve your experience with their website's. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the hard drive on your computer for record–keeping purposes. The "cookie" itself does not tell us who you are, your e-mail address or anything else personal. For example, we use cookies to understand which web pages are visited, how often they are visited, and to provide you with a more customized user experience on Burpee.com. We also use cookies and third party vendors including Google to display ads based on your visits to Burpee.com.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept these cookies. You may decide to reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. However, if you decide to refuse all cookies please be aware that some Website features and Burpee services may be unavailable or may not function properly.
To opt out of Burpee advertising–related cookies, please follow the links below:
Omniture:
• More Information: //www.google.com/ads/preferences/plugin/pluginfaq.html
Doubleclick: //www.doubleclick.com/com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/
Policy Changes
 
 
 
>
