Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We give top priority to our user’s privacy. The privacy policy has been clearly defined under the following parameters, and we issue regular updates whenever there is any change in our privacy policy or terms of service. Every page of our website contains the notice regarding our privacy policy so that our esteemed users remained informed of the terms of service and privacy policy.
The Way We Use Information
When the users create a new account on our website, we use the email address for confirming their registration. The email address of our returning mail is used to authenticate the users, and the email address is not used for any other purpose and never ever shared with any third party.
We do keep the log of email address of our registered users and use it to inform our users of new features and services added to our website through email.
For research and technical analysis, we use the comprehensive aggregated data while sharing the information with third party advertisers. For instance, we provide the aggregate number of individuals visiting particular section of our website or X number of people registering for any service, but never reveal any personal information to third party whatsoever.
We fully assure our users that the personal information provided to us through online registration is not used for any other purposed except the uses described above.
Our Commitment to Data Security
Our servers are equipped with the cutting-edge  security measures and use industry standard physical, electronic and managerial procedures to ensure that the personal information of our users remain secure, and nobody gets unauthorized access to this information.
Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements
The users shall understand that WhatIsMyIPAddress.com uses the services of many third party service providers and provides a platform for partners, advertisers and affiliates and maintains a strict policy that such third party entities shall respect the privacy of our users. However, the users shall acknowledge that such third party service providers might have their own privacy policy and terms of service. For instance, while using WhatIsMyIPAddress.com you might follow the links of third party service providers or view some content created and hosted by the third party service providers. Moreover, you may also use information, access features, contests, sweepstakes, advertisements and many other features that are, in fact, provided by third party associates. You shall understand that while using any such third party services you are subject to their privacy policy and terms of service, and the WhatIsMyIPAddress.com is not liable for any policies of these third parties. Therefore, the users shall check the privacy policy of these third party service providers before using any of their services.
The users shall also understand and consent that while using any of the services hosted on the WhatIsMyIPAddress.com, our associates and other third party service providers can use cookies for analyzing user preferences and delivering customized services. For instance, the third party service provider might use cookies for identifying customers as to whether they have already seen their advertisement. You shall understand that the third parties might use the cookies or other technologies to collect user information for improving their services. You should understand and consent to that WhatIsMyIPAddress.com is not responsible for any such actions on behalf of those third parties.
You should understand that many third party service providers use our website for advertising their products to the visiting users. These companies may gather user information, except the personal information such as name, address, email and phone number, for selectively targeting their advertisement of goods and services. The users shall directly confirm the privacy policy of these advertisers.
The users should take precautions and behave responsibly while using online services. You should not disclose your personal information on any of the forums, message boards, chat areas or testimonials. Your personal information might be misused, and you may receive unwanted messages from the third party service providers or other individuals. WhatIsMyIPAddress.com is not responsible for any consequences resulting from your public disclosure.
The user shall understand that we have a policy to allow our associates and third party associates to advertise and collect anonymous information regarding user preferences when our users use the website. However, the third party companies only collect non personal information such as browser type, date and time of the visit, the advertisements clicked or ignored, click stream information for providing customized and targeted advertisements and other services to the visitor. They use cookies and third party web beacon for collecting user information. You can visit networkadvertising.org for better understanding the advertising practices being carried out by these companies and opt out from such an advertising.
Changes to this policy
The users shall acknowledge and consent that WhatIsMyIPAddress.com reserves the exclusive right to change this privacy policy any time without any prior notice. The users shall regularly visit the websites for getting updates of any policy changes. The users shall agree that continued use of the website after any such policy updates amounts to their consent. The website acknowledges that information collected before any such policy change shall be subject to the privacy policy when the information was collected.
