× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Personalizationmall.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Personalizationmall.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.personalizationmall.com/StaticPage.a... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
PMall does not rent or sell your personally identifiable information for third-party marketing or solicitation purposes.
1. What information is collected?
As detailed below, PMall collects certain information from visitors and registered users of the Website.
The Website uses personalization and order forms for customers to request products and services. During personalization/order submission and fulfillment, PMall collects the customer's personally identifiable and financial information, i.e. names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, credit card numbers, PayPal information, etc. ("PII"). Additional information may be collected if you choose to (1) join our email list; (2) register and create an account; (3) participate in the My Personal Rewards program; or (4) participate in the customer review posting program, including: name, date of birth, email address, city, state/province, country, password, password hints, photographs (persona), product review information and other information related to purchases from, and experiences with, PMall.
Like most Internet retailers, PMall collects some computer information to enhance its product/service offerings and personally tailored marketing, such as computer configuration; Internet Protocol address; the URL of the website that sent you to PMall's Website; the URL of the website that you went to after leaving PMall's Website; and/or search terms that directed you to our Website. In addition, when you visit our website or one of our business partners' websites, a "cookie" may be placed on your computer that collects information to enhance and personalize PMall's offerings and promotions, and to deliver direct personalized marketing from PMall. To opt out of direct online advertising provided by PMall click here . You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. Last, PMall may receive information about you from other sources and add it to its database.
2. How is the information shared?
PMall is not in the business of selling PII and does not rent or sell your PII for third-party marketing or solicitation purposes. PMall may share PII with its business partners and affiliates as part of PMall's marketing, promotion, sale and fulfillment of its products and services. Customer reviews may be published on the Website, viewable by both registered users and visitors and are subject to the Customer Review Posting Policy & Agreement. PMall also may collect, share, sell and use information in aggregate form, but such information will not include PII. Last, PMall may need to disclose PII to government or law enforcement authorities as required by law. Under such circumstances, we will disclose the information upon a good faith belief that is necessary to comply with the order, request, form of legal process, or otherwise defend or exercise PMall's rights.
We may share your personally-identifiable information, including your name, address, email address, as well as a record of any transactions you conduct on our website or offline with us with a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver to you banner advertisements and other advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain websites. Our advertising partner and its service provider are contractually required to make the data we provide anonymous. To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partner, you may opt out via the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here .
3. How does PersonalizationMall.com protect information collected?
Our website operates with a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate provided by Verisign, an industry leader in online security. The information exchanged during checkout is encrypted using this SSL protocol. To review details of our relationship with Verisign, click the Verisign logo found at the bottom of any PersonalizationMall.com page.
Your PMall account(s) is password protected. You are responsible for protecting the security of your login information, and PMall cannot protect or secure any information that you send to other users of the Website. Please note that links to third-party websites are not governed by this Privacy Policy, and their practices may differ from those stated in this Privacy Policy. PMall does not endorse, sponsor or represent these third-party websites. It is your sole responsibility to review and understand the privacy policies of these third-parties before submitting any personal information.
4. How can I change my PII?
All registered users can access their profile by visiting My Account , and edit their profile at any time. To unsubscribe from our mailing list click the unsubscribe link that is present in all mail messages sent to you or you can email us at [email protected] with the subject line 'unsubscribe' and we will remove you from the mailing list.
5. How will we update this Privacy Policy?
PMall reserves the right to update, modify or alter this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. If the Privacy Policy is changed, we will place a notice on the home page and alter the terms in this Privacy Policy indicating the Privacy Policy has changed. In addition, we may send a notice to the email address provided during the registration process. It is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policy regularly to be familiar with its terms.
Contacting PersonalizationMall.com:
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, please contact:
PersonalizationMall.com
This is version 3 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
