Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how we protect your privacy and the confidentiality of the information that you provide to us when you use BetAmerica.com and related products and services.
BY USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE PRIVACY POLICY, THEN DO NOT USE THIS SITE.
Personal Information (which you provide to us)
You may register or open an account with BetAmerica.com on any BetAmerica.com managed or affiliated website (collectively, "BetAmerica") if you are at least eighteen (18) years old, (older in some jurisdictions for account wagering).
BetAmerica may collect some or all of the following "Personal Information" voluntarily provided by you during certain site registration and account funding processes:
Your Name, Address, Date of Birth, phone number and email address
Your Social Security Number
Your bank and/or credit card account number
BetAmerica does not give out your Personal Information to any third party for uses not described as normal business operations.
Other Information (which we collect about you)
BetAmerica may collect the following other Information about you when you interact with our online services:
Your computer IP address, and browser history on our sites
Your e-mail address
Information volunteered by you, such as survey information and/or site registrations, user id and passwords
Purchases made by you on our site(s)
Your wagering activity (identified by your account number and name)
If you choose to connect to our sites through a social network such as Facebook or Twitter, we may collect your profile information
How We Use this Information
We may use your Personal Information to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it to us, including, but not limited to verifying your identity, to fulfill your wagering activity or process purchases made on our websites.
BetAmerica reserves the right to use your Personal Information in order to ensure that wagering activity on our sites meets various state and federal laws and other statutory requirements. In addition, from time to time we may use your Personal Information to contact you regarding promotions and marketing offers and other purposes which are generally limited to our services. Personal and other information may be disclosed to judicial or other government agencies in response to warrants, subpoenas or other governmental orders. You are hereby advised that in the event of a criminal investigation by state or federal authorities or regulatory inquiry, you waive any and all rights to account holder information and data in BetAmerica's possession, and you specifically authorize BetAmerica to disclose said data and information to law enforcement authorities. In this situation, you agree to release BetAmerica and its affiliated companies from any and all liability related to such disclosure, to the fullest extent permissible by law.
From time to time, BetAmerica may share information we collect about you with third parties, in an aggregate and confidential form only, in order to assist with marketing or other normal business activities. We contractually require these companies to use your personal information only to provide a particular product or service to you or us, and do not authorize them to use your personal information for any other reason.
Data Integrity
BetAmerica processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this privacy policy. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services or as otherwise permitted under this policy. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
All information collected by BetAmerica remains the exclusive property of BetAmerica.
Public Postings (Forums, Chat Rooms, Message Boards)
Please note that information you post in a chat room, a message board, a forum or another public posting area on our websites or social media can be viewed by anyone with internet access. Please do not disclose personal information in public posting areas. BetAmerica is not responsible for a third party's use of information which you post in a public area.
Personalized Advertising
Like many other websites, we use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies ("cookies") to enable us to provide you with more relevant advertising. Cookies are small, removable data files that are placed on your computer's internet web browser. These cookies work to remember that you visited our website. When you later visit a third-party website, ads related to our websites might be displayed. In the simplest of terms, the cookies allow third parties to display relevant ads to you based on your past visit to our website. We do not provide your personal information to advertisers or third-party websites that display our personalized ads.
Children's Guidelines
None of BetAmerica's websites is directed to children under the age of thirteen (13) and we will not knowingly collect or use any information from any person identified as being under the age of thirteen (13).
Third-Party Sites
We use third parties to process purchases, including but not limited to, gift shop items, ticketing and hotel reservations. BetAmerica includes links to other websites whose privacy practices we do not control. Information you provide on another website is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of that site. These websites may have privacy policies and practices that differ from ours.
We may use third-party advertisers to serve advertisements on BetAmerica websites. Our advertisers may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to, among other things, to enable our advertisers to monitor the ads you have viewed on our site.
What We Do To Protect Your Privacy
To ensure site security and network performance, BetAmerica monitors all inbound and outbound network traffic in order to identify unauthorized attempts to upload and change information, or otherwise cause damage or conduct criminal activity. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage to our services are strictly prohibited and shall be punishable under applicable state or federal law. Please be advised, however, that the Internet and various networking communication mediums are not secure, unless explicitly stated as such, and may be subject to interception or loss which is beyond the control of BetAmerica.
We utilize procedures to protect confidential information online and off-line. We restrict access to your Personal Information to employees who need the information to perform a specific task for you or us.
DO NOT TRACK: Do Not Track (DNT) is an optional browser setting that allows you to express your preferences regarding tracking by advertisers and other third parties. We do not currently respond to DNT signals.
Ability to Access Personal Information
Any questions you may have regarding our Privacy Policy, the accuracy of your personal or non-personal information, or the use of your personal or non-personal information, or any requests that we correct, update, or remove your information in our databases, should be done so by contacting us through this website or by sending a letter with your name, address and telephone number to the following address:
Webmaster
Louisville, KY 40222
A BetAmerica representative will follow up by mail or phone with you.
Opt-Out Policy for BetAmerica Solicitations
You may opt out of receiving advertising and general information e-mails from BetAmerica that are not associated with your account by contacting the BetAmerica Webmaster and specifying that you want to opt out, or unsubscribe, to receiving advertising and general information emails from BetAmerica. We provide an "unsubscribe" link in every email advertisement.
Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 2017. BetAmerica reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Any significant changes to this Privacy Policy will be noted as such on this website and emailed to our customers on file.
×Close
I confirm that I am the account holder; of legal gambling age; and currently located as indicated in the drop-down menu.
Log In
