We respect your right to privacy and we strive to protect it when you visit our website.
This Privacy Policy explains AEDT.FAA.GOV online information practices only, including how we collect and use your personal information. It does not apply to third-party websites that you are able to reach from AEDT.FAA.GOV, nor does it cover practices of other areas within the Department of Transportation. We encourage you to read those privacy policies to learn how they collect and use your information.
What We Automatically Collect Online
We automatically collect information about your visit that does not identify you personally. However, we do use cookies that collect anonymous traffic data. A “cookie” is a small text file stored on your computer that makes it easy for you to move around a website without continually re-entering your name, password, preferences, for example.
We only use “session” cookies on our website. This means we store the cookie on your computer only during your visit to our website. After a period of inactivity, the cookie disappears with your personal information.
We can tell the computer, browser, and web service that you are using. We also know the date, time, and pages you visit. Collecting this information helps us design the site to suit your needs. In the event of a known security or virus threat, we may collect information on the web content you view.
Other Information We May Collect
If you choose to register on the AEDT Support website in order to purchase AEDT software and to access the area of the website restricted to licensed users, we collect contact information from you. During registration, you will be asked to enter your first and last name, business email address, organization name, and create a user name and password.
You may visit our site anonymously if you do not choose to access the area of the website restricted to licensed users. If you do not wish to register on our website, please email aedt-support@dot.gov directly for support and questions on how to purchase AEDT.
Why We Collect Information
We collect information to:
Reply to your feedback and technical support inquiries (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your requests and support needs)
Send notices of new software and documentation releases
Personalize your experience and allow access to otherwise restricted areas of the website (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
We will only use your information for the purposes listed above, to address security or virus threats, or for the purposes required under the law. See “Sharing Your Information” to learn more.
Sharing Your Information
In a government-wide effort to combat security and virus threats, we may share some information we collect automatically, such as IP address, with other federal government agencies.
Also, the law may require us to share collected information with authorized law enforcement, homeland security, and national security activities. See the Privacy Act of 1974 below.
Choices on How We Use the Information You Provide
During the account registration process, we will let you know whether the information we ask you to provide is voluntary or required. By providing personally identifiable information, you grant us consent to use this information, but only for the purposes described in “Why We Collect Information.” If you do not want information about you to be used in this manner, please do not use the services provided in the AEDT Support website and instead email aedt-support@dot.gov directly for support. We will ask you to grant us consent before using your voluntarily provided information for any secondary purposes, other than those required under the law.
Information Practices for Children
We have information for children on our education web pages . We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.
Securing Your Information
Properly securing the information we collect online is a primary commitment. To help us do this, we take the following steps to:
Employ internal access controls to ensure the only people who see your information are those with a need to do so to perform their official duties
Train relevant personnel on our privacy and security measures to know requirements for compliance
Secure the areas where we hold hard copies of information we collect online
Perform regular backups of the information we collect online to insure against loss
Use technical controls to secure the information we collect online including but not limited to:
Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
Password protections
We periodically test our security procedures to ensure personnel and technical compliance
We employ external access safeguards to identify and prevent unauthorized tries of outsiders to hack into, or cause harm to, the information in our systems
Tampering with the AEDT.FAA.GOV website is against the law. Depending on the offense, it is punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Your Rights Under the Privacy Act of 1974
The Privacy Act of 1974 protects the personal information the federal government keeps on you in systems of records (SOR) (information an agency controls recovered by name or other personal identifier). The Privacy Act regulates how the government can disclose, share, provide access to, and keep the personal information that it collects. The Privacy Act does not cover all information collected online.
The Act’s major terms require agencies to:
Publish a Privacy Act Notice in the Federal Register explaining the existence, character, and uses of a new or revised SOR
Keep information about you accurate, relevant, timely, and complete to assure fairness in dealing with you
Allow you to, on request, access and review your information held in an SOR and request amendment of the information if you disagree with it.
When AEDT.FAA.GOV collects information from you online that is subject to the Privacy Act (information kept in an SOR), we will provide a Privacy Act Statement specific to that collected information. This Privacy Act Statement tells you:
The authority for and the purpose and use of the information collected subject to the Privacy Act
Whether providing the information is voluntary or mandatory
The effects on you if you do not provide any or all requested information
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us using the information below.
AEDT Support
55 Broadway, RVT-41
Cambridge, MA 02142
