Privacy Policy of Dassault Systèmes
Dassault Systèmes SE, a French corporate entity registered in the registry of commerce of Versailles under n° 322 306 440, located 10, Rue Marcel Dassault, 78140 Vélizy-Villacoublay, FRANCE, (hereinafter “3DS”) processes Personal Data (as defined below) in the course of its business, including the Personal Data of people browsing the websites of 3DS (the "Sites").
 
1. SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy sets forth the principles and guidelines governing the protection of Your Personal Data including the Personal Data collected on or through the Sites.
3DS collects Personal Data either online (including via email) or offline and this Privacy Policy is applicable regardless of the means of collection or processing.
Personal data ("Personal Data") means any information relating to an identified or identifiable person. An identifiable person is a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to the person.
Non-Personal Data means any information that does not result in the identification of a person.
 
Visitors are individuals who visit the Sites without registering themselves. Their Personal Data likely includes:
IP and/or MAC address
Cookies (as described in section 10); and
any other Personal Data as may be relevant for the purposes listed below.
b. Users
Personal Data collected (including from those who visit Sites and enter information) for the purposes listed below likely includes:
title;
type of organization (company, school, university, etc.), organization name, organization size, department and job title;
industry and industry sub-industry sectors;
people to whom purchases are shipped;
financial data (credit card number and expiry date, name and address of the cardholder);
IP and/or MAC address;
Cookies (as described in section 10); and
any other Personal Data as may be relevant for the purposes listed below.
In all cases, however, the Personal Data gathered is limited to data necessary for the purposes described in Article 4 below.
 
3. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING CHILDREN
With the exception of the AppsforKids products and services which are subject to a separate privacy policy, 3DS products and services are not designed to be marketed to children who are considered as minor under the applicable data protection law and 3DS does not knowingly collect or store Personal Data from children under such age.  For children whose usual place of residence is in the European Union, Lichtenstein, Norway or Iceland, the default age at which a person is no longer considered a child is 16 subject to local law to adjust that limit between 13 and 16.
Certain 3DS products and services may be appropriate for use by children, however, in which case children below the age of consent under local data protection laws must seek consent from their parents or guardians prior to creating a 3DS account or registering a product. Teachers and school administrators may act in the place of parents and guardians and provide consent for the collection of Personal Data from children (schools should always ensure that they have received permission from parents or guardians to do so).
If parents or guardians become aware that their child has provided 3DS with Personal Data without their consent or without a teacher’s or school administrator’s consent, they can ask 3DS to remove such Personal Data and terminate the child’s account by sending an email to the 3DS Data Protection Officer: 3DS.Compliance-Privacy(at)3ds.com .
 
4. PURPOSES AND LEGAL GROUNDS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA
Whether You are a visitor or a user, 3DS collects Your Personal Data for the following legal grounds and for the following purposes:
- Processing activities based on Your consent:
To improve Your user experience;
To recognize that You have given a  Personal Data so You don't need to do it for every web page requested;
- Processing activities based on 3DS’s legitimate interest:
To enable 3DS to manage surveys.
In addition, when You are a user, 3DS collects Your Personal Data on the following legal grounds and for the following purposes:
- Processing activities based on Your prior consent:
To enable You to request and receive information on 3DS and 3DS products and services from 3DS or a third party engaged by 3DS;
To ascertain Your requirements and interests and provide You with the most suitable products and/or services ;
To enable 3DS to manage its marketing
To enable You to register for a seminar, webinar, or event;
To enable You to enter a contest;
 
3DS may provide a hashed user ID to third party operated social networks or other web offerings (such as Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, or Google) where this information is matched against the social networks’ data own data bases in order to display to You more relevant information.
- Processing based on 3DS’s legitimate interest:
To enable 3DS to manage its marketing activities for similar goods and products if You are already using 3DS products and services;
To manage the 3DS obligations related to applicable export laws, trade sanctions, and embargoes issued, without limitation, by the European Union and its member states, and of the United States of America. This may include (i) automated checks of any user registration data as set out herein and other information You provide about Your identity against applicable sanctioned-party lists; (ii) regular repetition of such checks whenever a sanctioned-party list is updated or when You update Your information; (iii) blocking of access to 3DS services and systems in case of a potential match; and (iv) contacting You to confirm Your identity in case of a potential match;
 
- Processing based on the performance of a contract :
To provide You with a personalized interactive use of the Sites;
To allow You to open and maintain an account in order to obtain specialized documentation and technical assistance;
To access all the features and options offered by the Sites;
To enable You to exchange with other users of the Sites;
To enable 3DS to manage its business relationships, including sales opportunities, commercial offers,  purchasing, contracts, orders, invoices,  which may include conversational data triggered via chat functionalities on the Sites, contact forms, emails, and voice messaging data;
To provide You with commercial or support-type services;
 
Generally, when consent is not required, You cannot opt out of non-marketing related communications that are required for the relevant business relationship. With regard to marketing-related communications (e.g., emails and phone calls), 3DS will (i) where legally required, only send You such communications after You have opted in, and (ii) provide You the opportunity to opt out of receiving further marketing-related communications from 3DS.
When You register for an event organized by 3DS, 3DS may share Your name, company, and email address with other participants and sponsors of the same event for the purpose of communication and the exchange of ideas. In addition, 3DS may ask You for information about Your health for the sole purpose of identifying and being considerate of individuals who have disabilities or special dietary requirements throughout the event.
 
5. PERSONAL DATA RETENTION PERIOD
3DS does not store Your Personal Data for more time than necessary. Retention periods may vary depending on the data categories and the processing activities.
 
6. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL DATA
If You are accessing the Sites from a location outside of the European Union, with laws or regulations governing data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from those of the European Union, please note that through Your continued use of the Sites, which are governed by French law, the corresponding Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, You are transferring Your Personal Data to the European Union and You consent to that transfer.
 
7. RIGHT TO ACCESS, TO RECTIFICATION AND OTHER RIGHTS
3DS will take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data collected is used for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy and that such Personal Data is correct and up to date.
You have a right to access Your Personal Data. In addition, You have a right to request the rectification, completion, update or erasure of Your Personal Data. You have a right to restrict processing. You also have a right to obtain a copy of Your Personal Data stored by 3DS. You have a right to object, in relation to specific processing of Your Personal Data. Additionally, You may have a right to data portability.
If You have an account, You can exercise Your rights by logging on to Your account. Otherwise, You may exercise Your rights by sending an email to the:  3DS.Compliance-Privacy(at)3ds.com .
 
8. DATA RECIPIENTS
Your Personal Data may be disclosed to and used by a 3DS Group Company for the purposes stated in Article 4 of this Privacy Policy.
Where 3DS has knowledge that a third party to which 3DS has provided Personal Data for the purposes listed in Article 4 above, is using or disclosing Personal Data contrary to this Privacy Policy or to applicable laws, 3DS will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such use or disclosure.3DS will also disclose Your Personal Data to third parties if 3DS determines that such disclosure is necessary for technical reasons (such as hosting services by a third party) or to protect 3DS’s legal interests (such as in the event of a sale of assets to a third company, or a change of control or a total or partial liquidation of 3DS).
Additionally, 3DS may share Your personal Data with the reseller assigned to You or in the territory where You are located for the purpose of Dassault Systèmes business. 3DS may also share Your Personal Data with business partners when 3DS and the business partner sponsor an event together or participate in a marketing promotion together and in which You engage.
3DS may also disclose Your Personal Data if required by law or if 3DS believes in good faith that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (for example, a warrant, a subpoena, or other court order) or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 3DS, 3DS’s customers, or the public.
 
9. DATA SECURITY
3DS undertakes to ensure the protection and security of Personal Data that You choose to communicate, in order to ensure the confidentiality of Your Personal Data and prevent Your Personal Data from being distorted, damaged, destroyed or disclosed to unauthorized parties.
3DS maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Personal Data from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. As part of those safeguards, 3DS employs sophisticated technology designed to protect Personal Data during its transmission and prevent transmission errors or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, while 3DS strives to protect Your Personal Data, in light of the inevitable risks of data transmission over the internet, 3DS cannot guarantee full protection against any error occurring during the course of Personal Data transmission which is beyond 3DS' reasonable control.
Since all Personal Data is confidential, access is limited to employees, contractors and agents of 3DS or 3DS Group Companies who have a need to know such data in carrying out their tasks. All the people who have access to Your Personal Data are bound by a duty of confidentiality and subject to disciplinary actions and/or other sanctions if they fail to meet these obligations.
 
10. COOKIES
The Sites may use cookies or other technologies serving the same or similar purpose (together referred to as “cookies”), that may collect or store Personal Data. Cookies are text files stored and used to record Non-Personal and Personal Data concerning Your browsing and use of the Sites. Cookies can be either persistent (ie., remain after You logoff from the Sites in order to be used on Your subsequent visits to the Sites) or transient (i.e., removed when You close the web browser).
To view the list of cookies 3DS uses and their purpose, click here .
3DS uses cookies in order to:
- improve Your user experience through, for example:
enabling a service to recognize Your device so You don't have to give the same information several times during one task;
recognizing that You may already have given a username and password so You don't need to do so for every web page requested;
- analyze traffic and data on the Sites to:
measure how many people are using the Sites, so the Sites can be made easier to use and navigate and to make sure there is enough capacity to ensure the Sites have adequate response times;
 
3DS may also use third party services (such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, Piwik, DART, LinkedIn) to perform services on its behalf, in particular to:
- analyze Your browsing habits and measure the Sites audience,
- analyze Your interests and offer You targeted marketing or advertising,
- allow You to share content from the services with other people on social networks or to let these other people know what You are looking at or what You think (e.g., the “Like” button on Facebook)
In such a case, cookies provided by such third party vendors may be used and stored. By transmitting the information generated by these cookies, the cookies’ settings ensure that an IP address is anonymized before geo-localization and before storage. Our providers will use this information for the evaluation of Your use of the Sites, compiling reports on the Sites activity for 3DS, to propose better services to You that are suited to Your needs, and display advertisements You that are suited to Your needs. Cookies will not associate Your IP address with any other data they hold.
When You browse the Sites, cookies are enabled by default and data may be read from or stored locally on Your device if Your browser settings allow. You will be notified of the use of cookies the first time You access the Sites with a different device; 3DS will not install any cookies before obtaining Your explicit consent. You may decide to accept or refuse some or all cookies. You can configure Your browser software to refuse all cookies (including cookies used for web analytics services); if You do so, however, some areas and features of the Sites may not function properly and/or You may not be able to access some parts or services of the Sites.
11. LINKS TO WEBSITES NOT CONTROLLED BY 3DS OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES
The Sites might offer links to third party websites which may be of interest to You.
3DS does not exercise any control over the content of third party websites or the practices of these third parties in connection with the protection of Personal Data that they might collect and are thus not in the control of 3DS. Consequently, 3DS shall have no liability for the content of third party websites or the practices of these third parties concerning the protection of Personal Data.
 
12. DISPUTE RESOLUTION
Although 3DS has put in place reasonable safeguards to protect Personal Data, 3DS recognizes that there is no method of transmitting or storing Personal Data that is completely secure.
However, 3DS is committed to ensure the privacy of Personal Data: if You have a reason to believe that the security of Your Personal Data has been compromised or misused, You should contact 3DS Data Protection Officer via the following address:  3DS.Compliance-Privacy@3ds.com .
3DS will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints regarding use and disclosure of Personal Data in accordance with the principles contained in this Privacy Policy.
 
13. CONTACT
 
14. DATE OF ENTRY INTO FORCE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY AND CHANGES TO IT
This Privacy Policy may be updated according to 3DS' requirements and circumstances, or where required by applicable laws and regulations so please check back periodically for updates.
If major changes occur to this Privacy Policy, 3DS may inform You via email or via posting a notice on the Site.
Array
