Quick View Content
Please upgrade your browser. Our site may not work properly for the browser you're using. View list of supported devices/browsers ×
a Perfect Fit member:
Free shipping on every online order, no minimum
Exclusive offers for members
My Store:
Be the first to hear about exclusive deals and promotions
Fast, simple checkout process
Track orders
Save products
Are you a Perfect Fit Member?Please create an account in order to get points on your purchases, see online order history and more.
20 USD FLAT-RATE SHIPPING on orders over 175 USD
STEP 1: Select your shipping destination
STEP 2: Select your preferred currency
Updated August 10, 2018
The Men's Wearhouse, Inc. (“Men’s Wearhouse”, “us”, “our”, or “we”) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect from and about you when you (a) visit the MensWearhouse.com website (“Site”), (b) download a Men’s Wearhouse mobile application (“App”), or (c) shop at our stores (“Stores”). The Site, App, and Stores are collectively the “Services.” This Privacy Policy also explains how we may use and disclose such information through the Services, as well as your ability to control certain uses of it. You should review this Privacy Policy from time to time as it may be changed.
By using any of the Services, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at 1-800-851-6744 or Email us.
QUICK GUIDE TO CONTENTS
1. INFORMATION COLLECTION
There are several ways we may obtain information about you, including through (A) information you provide to us directly; (B) information that we automatically collect; and (C) information we receive or collect from third parties. This includes data that identifies you personally whether directly (i.e. your name) or indirectly (i.e. information about your online use).
Information You Provide
 
Men’s Wearhouse collects personal information from you when you choose to share it with us. This may include when you use our Services, register for an online account, make a purchase, request information from us, sign up for newsletters or our email list, use our service, participate in a survey or promotion, or otherwise contact us. The personal information we collect may include:
Name;
Credit or Debit Card Information;
Geographic location;
Photos and videos; or
 
 
Information Automatically Collected
 
Please note that we automatically collect the following information from or about you:
Computer or Device: We may automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier or information from the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device you use to access the Site or App, including the browser or operating system you use on your mobile device or computer Internet connection speed and duration, device type, geographic data, browser type, operating system, and the domain name from which you accessed the Services. We also may collect information about your use of the Site or App, including the date and time you visit the Site or App, the areas or pages of the Site or App that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Site or App, the number of times you return to the Site or App, other click-stream or site usage data, emails that you open, forward or click-through to our Site or App, and other sites that you may visit.
Third Party Service Providers: We may use third party service providers to support our Site or Apps. Some of these service providers may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, Flash cookies, or HTML5 cookies to receive, collect, and store information.
Third Party Analytic Technologies: We may use third parties’ analytics and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Site or App, how people are using the Site or App, how to improve the effectiveness of the Services and related content, and to help us or those third parties serve more targeted advertising to you across the Internet. These tools may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies, or other technologies to automatically collect and store certain information. They may also combine information they collect from your interaction with the Site or App with information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, or control over, these third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
Please visit the “Your Choices” section for further information, including about Do Not Track and how to disable cookies.
Information Collected From Other Sources
We may obtain information about you from third party sources, including social networks that you use to connect with Men’s Wearhouse. This information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity. We may combine this information with the information we collect from and about you to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our Site.
Combination of Information
 
2. INFORMATION USE
Men’s Wearhouse may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes:
To validate, confirm, verify, fulfill, deliver, and track your order (including to process payment card transactions, arrange for shipping, handle returns and refunds, and contact you about your order or delivery of your order, including via telephone or e-mail);
To enhance your online shopping experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Site or App or to retrieve your shopping cart during a future visit;
To protect the security or integrity of the Site, App, and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users;
To provide you with customized Site or App content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site or App, via email, or across other web sites, devices, mobile applications, social media or other online services;
To contact you with information, newsletters, marketing, promotional materials, or discounts from Men’s Wearhouse or on behalf of our partners and affiliates;
To respond to your inquiries, and contact and communicate with you when necessary;
To develop new products or services and to conduct analysis to enhance current products and services;
To review the usage and operations of our Site or App, and improve our content, products, and services;
To address any problems with the Site, App or our business; and
As otherwise described to you at the point of data collection
 
Additionally, if you use the Site to connect with third party services you authorize us to use information from and about you, on your behalf, to interact with these third party services based on your requests.
3. INFORMATION SHARING
At Men's Wearhouse, we are committed to protecting our relationship with our customers, and we do not sell or rent any of your personal information to any third party. We may share the personal information we collect from and about you in the following ways:
(1) With Men's Wearhouse affiliates and subsidiaries (including those affiliated companies in the Tailored Brands corporate family of companies, such as Jos. A. Bank, Moores Clothing for Men, Joseph Abboud, K&G Fashion Superstore, Twin Hill, Alexandra, Dimensions and Yaffy, and any future additions to the Tailored Brands corporate family);
(2) To our third party service providers that provide business, professional or technical support functions for us, including, but not limited to, fulfilling or shipping your order, completing your transaction, processing your Men’s Wearhouse credit card application, or those that assist us in our own marketing efforts.
(3) With our select partners, affiliates, and other third parties that we believe may have offers of interest to you. For example, we may have joint marketing arrangements, to assist in our or their marketing and merchandising efforts. In those cases, such partner may collect or receive personal information from or about you.
(4) As necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use or to protect the property, interests, and rights of Men's Wearhouse, its affiliates, subsidiaries, or other third party;
(5) To respond to judicial or legal process or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and
 
Finally, Men’s Wearhouse may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by Men’s Wearhouse, or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by or to another company, information we have collected from or about you, including personal information and aggregate or anonymized non-personal information, may be among the transferred assets. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use personal information provided through these Services in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
4. INFORMATION SECURITY
We have taken certain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical steps designed to protect the information we collect from and about our customers and Site and App visitors. For instance, when you enter sensitive information (such as credit card information) on our forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee our security measures.
5. INTERNATIONAL ORDERS AND USERS
For customers who reside outside of the United States, including in Canada, your personal information may be transferred and/or stored outside of your home country, including the transfer of your personal information to the United States, where our servers are located. When you use this Site and/or provide permission to share your personal information with us, your information is protected by this notice of privacy practices and you consent to the transfer of personal information outside of your home country. Your personal information may be disclosed in response to inquiries or requests from government authorities or to respond to judicial process in the countries in which we operate Regardless of where your personal information is stored, the protections described in this Privacy Policy will be adhered to and you will be able to access and update your personal information as described herein.
6. THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, LINKS, AND PLUG-INS; PUBLIC AREAS
The Site and App may have links to other third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
The Site and App may also offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, which may allow us and/or the social media site to receive data from or about you. In some cases, we may know that you clicked on a social plugin, such as a Twitter Follow button, or receive other information from the social media sites. Similarly, if you have previously provided personal information to a third-party operating a plug-in on this Site, then such third-party may recognize you on this Site. Your use of social network plugins is subject to each social media site’s privacy policy, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand their policies and your options. As with linked sites, we have no control over the information that is collected, stored, or used by social network plugins, and are not responsible for the practices of such sites.
As a convenience to our customers, Men’s Wearhouse also provides access to Ratings and Reviews on our Site and through our App. Please remember that any information disclosed in this area is available to the public. The dissemination of any personal information you provide in this area is beyond our control and you should therefore exercise caution before disclosing any personal information.
7. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Men's Wearhouse is very concerned about the safety of children using the Internet. We do not direct the Site or App to, nor do we knowingly collect personal information from, any visitor under the age of 13.
If we discover that a visitor under the age of 13 has registered without parental consent, we will remove his or her registration information from our files.
8. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident, you may opt-out of our disclosure of personal information to third parties or our affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes. To opt out, please contact us, using the methods described below. You must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject field, and include your full name, email address and postal address. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
Non-affiliated third parties are independent from Men’s Wearhouse and if you wish to receive information about your disclosure choices or stop communications from such third parties, you will need to contact those non-affiliated third parties directly.
If you are under the age of 18 and have a profile on our Site, you may ask us to remove reviews or other content that you posted on the Site by contacting us, using the methods described below. Please allow 30 days to process your request. Please note that, subject to applicable law, processing your request may not ensure complete removal of content you posted.
9. YOUR CHOICES
Cookies, Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures
Certain parts of our Site and App require cookies. You are free to set your device or Internet browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or through the App or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your device’s settings or your Internet browser’s “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your device or browser from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences.
Our system may not recognize “Do Not Track” requests or headers from some or all Internet browsers. We may use of cookies or other technologies to deliver more relevant advertising and to link data collected across other computers or devices that you may use.
Interest-Based Advertising Choices
To understand your choices for receiving more relevant advertising provided on the Site or App, or across other websites and online services, please review the information below:
To learn more about such interest-based advertising, and to opt out of such collection and use for interest-based advertising by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
To opt out from the use of information about your online activities for interest-based advertising by Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) member companies, please visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
On your mobile device, you may also adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising.
 
Other Choices Concerning the Use and Disclosure of Your Information
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns, or if you prefer to “opt out” of having information used for purposes not directly related to placement, processing, fulfillment or delivery of a product order, including loyalty rewards earned from orders or purchases, you may:
1. Contact us in one of the following ways:
Call: 1-800-851-6744
Text: 346-201-4509
Customer Relations
2. Opt out of Email Marketing:
In addition to contacting us as discussed above, at all times, you have the option of “opting out” of receiving future e-mail marketing messages from Men’s Wearhouse by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of an e-mail marketing message. Please allow 10 business days for your request to take effect. Please note that you will continue to receive e-mail communications related to order placement, processing, fulfillment, delivery and loyalty rewards earned from purchases.
10. REVISIONS TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Men’s Wearhouse reserves the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, remove, or otherwise revise portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you.
Press enter to Sign up for our mailing list
SIGN UP FOR TEXTS AND GET AN EXCLUSIVE OFFER!
Press enter to Sign up for sms.
Message and data rates may apply. By providing my mobile number, I agree to receive recurring marketing text messages at the mobile number provided that may be sent using an automated system. Consent is not required to purchase goods or services from Men's Wearhouse.Text STOP to 66960 to opt out at any time. For info text HELP to 66960. See Mobile Terms.
To track an international order placed through our international checkout provided by Borderfree, please use our International Order Tracking feature. Tracking information is available once your package leaves the U.S. hub (usually within 7 business days).
All offers are subject to availability. Selection varies by store. These offers are valid for new purchases only. Discounts may not be applied to gift center purchases/engraveables, Exceptional Value and custom items, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, alterations or toward the purchase of gift cards. Deals cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Customers returning items purchased will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items. The Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase.
DAILY DEAL: Select styles only. Additional charge may apply for Big & Tall sizes. Daily deals may not be combined with other promotional offers or discounts and are not offered everyday. Valid through 11:59pm CST.
CLEARANCE: Select styles only. While supplies last. Cannot be combined with other promotions. Savings reflect markdowns from original price. Price reflects discount.
BUY 1 GET 1 FREE: Select styles/categories. Buy one item at its regular retail price, get a second like item of equal or lesser value for free and receive the third or more like item of equal or lesser value at 50% off the original price. Excludes Exceptional Value Items, clearance, select boys styles, Suits, Suit Separate Packages, Sport Coats, Outerwear, and Calvin Klein Pants and Calvin Klein Casual Wear. Discount is not combinable with other promotional offers or discounts. Discount is not redeemable for cash or credit, and may not be applied toward payment of Perfect Fit® credit card account balances. Customers returning items purchased with this coupon will forfeit the portion of the discount used for those items; the Men's Wearhouse return policy will apply to the remainder of the purchase. Offer valid 09/13/18-09/16/18.
BUY 1 GET 1 FREE (SUITS, SEPARATES PACKAGES, SPORT COATS & OUTERWEAR): Buy 1 Suit, Separates Package, Sport Coat OR Outerwear, Get 1 Suit, Separates Package, Sport Coat OR Outerwear FREE. Suit Separates Package must include coat. Select styles. Excludes clearance, Exceptional Value, custom items, sale items, and Calvin Klein Outerwear. Purchased item must be at regular price. Free item must of equal or lesser value. Separates Package must include coat. If you return the purchased item, you must either return the free item or purchase it at regular price. Offer valid 09/13/18-09/16/18.
BUY ONE GET ONE 50% OFF ACCESSORIES: Select styles only. Buy one item at regular retail price, and get a second or more like item of equal or lesser value at 50% off. Excludes Exceptional Value Items and clearance. If the higher-priced item is returned, you must either return the 50% off discount item or, if you intend to keep it, pay the remaining 50% of the current retail price of the second item. If you return the item that was priced at 50% off, then the 50% off purchase price will be the amount that is refunded, or that 50% off amount can be credited toward another item. Offer valid Offer valid 09/13/18-09/16/18.
BUY ONE GET ONE 50% OFF SHOES: Select styles only. Buy one item at regular retail price, and get a second like item of equal or lesser value at 50% off. Excludes Exceptional Value Items and clearance. If the higher-priced item is returned, you must either return the 50% off discount item or, if you intend to keep it, pay the remaining 50% of the current retail price of the second item. If you return the item that was priced at 50% off, then the 50% off purchase price will be the amount that is refunded, or that 50% off amount can be credited toward another item. Offer valid 09/13/18-09/16/18.
$79.99 DESIGNER JEANS: Select styles only. Discount may not be applied to clearance, gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Cannot be combined with other promotional offers or discounts. Offer valid 09/13/18-09/16/18.
50% OFF JOESEPH & FEISS BOYS: Select styles only. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers. Offer valid 09/13/18-09/16/18.
25% OFF CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR: Select styles only. Discount may not be applied to gift center purchases/engravables, Exceptional Value products, tuxedo rentals or the fees and taxes associated thereto, or toward the purchase of gift cards. Discount is not combinable with other promotions or offers. Offer valid 09/13/18-09/16/18.
