Enter a domain below to check whether it is down or not...
Is It Down Right Now Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy and we are committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at our site www.isitdownrightnow.com . The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site.
* Log Files :
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
* Cookies :
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the users computer tied to information about the user. Our site does not use cookies. However, Some of our business partners use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies, once we have given permission for them to set cookies for advertising.
* DoubleClick DART cookie :
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
* Links :
www.isitdownrightnow.com contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by www.isitdownrightnow.com.
Latest Sites Checked
instructure.com - Canvas By Instructure
Down Right Now
Server is down. Last checked 4 mins ago.
Isitdownrightnow.com helps you find whether the website you are trying to browse is down or not. Check if the website is down just for you or everyone around the globe. All you have to do is type the name of the website you want to check and a fresh site status test will be performed on the domain name in real time using our online website checker tool. Isitdownrightnow.com is not affiliated with or endorsed by the services monitored on this web site. To learn more about application performance management , visit Dynatrace.com © 2012-2018 isitdownrightnow.com | Privacy Policy | Contact
