× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Wolfram.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Wolfram.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.wolfram.com/legal/privacy/wolfram-re... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Wolfram Research understands your concerns about how personally identifying information is used and shared, and we endeavor to use such information carefully and sensibly.
The information we obtain from site participants and visitors helps us enhance and refine our service and content. In addition to information that you provide to us voluntarily, we also receive information whenever you interact with our websites (such as your IP address, connection information, browser type, and so forth).
Information about our users is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. If you opt to allow us to share your information, we will do so only with Wolfram Research partners who also respect privacy concerns.
If you choose to receive communication from Wolfram Research, we may send you email describing special offers or services. If at any time you want to stop receiving communication from us, please click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email message from us.
We may release personally identifying information when we believe release is appropriate in order to comply with law; enforce our Terms of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Wolfram Research, our users, or others.
When you visit our website, we, like most websites, send one or more cookies—small anonymous identifiers—to your computer that uniquely identify you to our servers. While we do use cookies for security and fraud investigation purposes, our primary purpose is to enhance your user experience by understanding and remembering your preferences, and by general tracking of our user trends. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is sent. Please be aware that this website may not have full functionality if your browser refuses cookies. We utilize the following types of cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide services that you have requested on our website.
Functional Cookies: These cookies support and facilitate your use of our website by enabling enhanced and personalized features.
Performance Cookies: These cookies collect information that we utilize to support the measurement of this website.
Targeting Cookies: These cookies are used by social sharing services (such as Facebook), and also by various third parties to deliver messaging that may be of value or interest to you. We do not have access to read or write such third-party cookies, nor do we directly control the manner in which they may be used.
We may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in the future. Any such updates or modifications shall be effective immediately upon their posting. Please refer back to this page often for the latest information.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you may email us or contact us by U.S. mail at Wolfram Research, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 100 Trade Center Drive, Champaign, IL 61820-7237, USA.
This is version 1 , from 5 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
