Search
i
Sign up now and start saving and organizing your favorite architecture projects and photos
✕
i
Find the most inspiring products for your projects in our Product Catalog .
Find the most inspiring products in our Product Catalog .
✕
i
✕
i
Want to see the coolest refurbishment projects? Click here .
✕
i
Immerse yourself in inspiring buildings with our selection of 360 videos. Click here .
See our immersive, inspiring 360 videos. Click here .
✕
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
Your privacy is important to us. It is ArchDaily’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, and other sites and URLs we own and operate under the brand ArchDaily, Plataforma Arquitectura, and its subsidiaries and related companies. This privacy policy explains how we process the personal data obtained from our users. By using our website, and reading this policy:
you declare your consent for us processing your personal data for contacting purposes;
you declare your consent for us processing your personal data for internal administrative reasons; and
you are deemed notified of such processing
If you do not agree with the processing of your personal data, please do not provide us with your personal data via the ArchDaily website.
We may update our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. If you are a registered user on our site, we will notify you using the contact details saved in your account. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.
If you accept these terms on behalf of a third party (such as an agency client), you confirm that the third party you represent has read and understood the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy and that you’re authorized to accept them on their behalf.
2. Personal data we collect and how do we use it
We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it. Examples of personal data that we may collect from you are the following:
Name
Email
IP address
We also log “non-identifying information”. When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered “non-identifying information”, as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, visited pages, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, search terms, cookies, and other details. This data is kept for statistical purposes.
We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our website. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us.
We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your browser, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how visitors use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.
3. Main purposes of processing
We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, detect errors, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. It is used for organizational, administrative, and internal reasons, and we do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly, but may share aggregated and anonymised versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.
We use your personal data for the construction of your profile, which allows you to submit, collect, aggregate, or share (both privately or publicly) information. As you use our services, we will use, collect, store, record and structure this data to improve and personalize the experience and/or features of our website. However, we cannot exclude other ways of data processing, if necessary for the above mentioned purposes. This data can be shared publicly, under your control and after you consent, and we give you control over it. We will also offer as part of our site services to connect you with third parties, and we will only do so and provide the personal data required for this communication with your consent.
We may use your personal details to contact you with updates about our website and services, along with promotional content that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt out of receiving promotional content, you can follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided alongside any promotional correspondence from us and at your settings page.
We may also collect and/or transfer your personal data from the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) outside the EEA (e.g., from our servers located in the United States to nodes or servers in the EEA, and to our offices in other countries). If we do so, we reasonably ensure that your rights and freedoms as a data subject are protected.
4. Security of your personal data
ArchDaily uses a variety of security measures to keep your personal data protected from unauthorised access and disclosure. ArchDaily processes your personal data based on the following principles:
Fairness and lawfulness: we process your personal data only after obtaining your consent for the processing, and for a determined specific purpose;
Transparency: we process your personal data in a transparent manner, and only with your knowledge;
Purpose limitation: your personal data is processed within the purposes outlined above;
Data minimization: we only process your personal data to the extent that it is actually needed to achieve the processing purposes;
Accuracy: we ensure that your personal data is accurate and kept up to date;
Storage limitation: your personal data will be processed for the limited period of 4 years, if no other contractual obligations with you allow a longer time period;
Integrity and confidentiality: we secure your personal data with suitable organizational and technical measures.
5. Access to your personal data
Only a limited number of ArchDaily employees and contractors have access to your data, having signed confidentiality clauses to protect it.
We use our best efforts not to disclose any confidential information to third parties. We maintains a secure site, but you should know that computer use may be monitored by third parties such as network administrators, employers, internet providers, and operation system & internet browser vendors, and, thus, we cannot guarantee the security of information you post online. You disclose all information online at your own risk. Please remember that this website may be hosted outside your home country, and your email communications to us may be directed to a server that is hosted outside your home country. Communications over the Internet may not be secure.
We use third-party services for:
Analytics tracking
User authentication
Content marketing
Email marketing
Payment processing
These services may access our data solely for the purpose of performing specific tasks on our behalf. We do not share any personally identifying information with them without your explicit consent. We do not give them permission to disclose or use any of our data for any other purpose.
We may, from time to time, allow limited access to our data by external consultants and agencies for the purpose of analysis and service improvement. This access is only permitted for as long as necessary to perform a specific function. We only work with external agencies whose privacy policies align with ours.
We will refuse government and law enforcement requests for data if we believe a request is too broad or unrelated to its stated purpose. However, we may cooperate if we believe the requested information is necessary and appropriate to comply with legal process, to protect our own rights and property, to protect the safety of the public and any person, to prevent a crime, or to prevent what we reasonably believe to be illegal, legally actionable, or unethical activity.
We do not otherwise share or supply personal information to third parties, unless it is part of a specific service of our website and only with your consent.
6. Storage of your data
The personal information we collect is stored and processed in United States, or where we or our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. We only transfer data within jurisdictions subject to data protection laws that reflect our commitment to protecting the privacy of our users.
We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.
If you request your personal information be deleted, or where your personal information becomes no longer relevant to our operations, we will erase it from our system within a reasonable timeframe.
7. Third party provided content/links
This privacy policy only covers ArchDaily's own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours, however we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.
8. Your privacy rights
As our user, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted. You may amend or remove your account information at any time, using the tools provided in your account control panel.
You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing.
Feel free to contact us if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle your data and personal information.
ArchDaily Data Controller David Basulto legal@archdaily.com
ArchDaily Data Protection Officer David Basulto privacy@archdaily.com
This policy is effective as of 25/05/2018.
