Rockstar Games, Inc., a United States company, its parent Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc., and its subsidiaries (collectively the "Company," “we,” “us” and “our”), respects the privacy rights of our users and is committed to protecting the information collected through its products, services, and websites accessed through internet-capable hardware platforms including gaming consoles, personal computers, mobile computers, or mobile devices, or in-game applications or software platforms including third-party hosts (collectively the "Online Services"). We have adopted this privacy policy to explain how we collect, store, disclose, transfer, protect, and otherwise use the information collected in connection with our Online Services (the "Privacy Policy").
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY REGISTERING FOR OR USING OUR ONLINE SERVICES, YOU AGREE THAT (i) WE MAY TRANSFER, PROCESS, AND STORE YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA AND OTHER COUNTRIES THAT MAY HAVE DIFFERENT PRIVACY PROTECTIONS THAN YOUR COUNTRY; (ii) WE MAY PROCESS YOUR DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY; (iii) YOU ARE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY; AND (iv) YOU WILL ABIDE BY OUR TERMS & CONDITIONS, CODE OF CONDUCT, AND ANY OTHER POLICIES THAT MAY APPLY. THIS PRIVACY POLICY SUPPLEMENTS THE PRIVACY DISCLOSURES PROVIDED TO YOU WITH YOUR SOFTWARE PRODUCT AND/OR BY YOUR CONSOLE MANUFACTURER.
This Privacy Policy will explain:
This Privacy Policy applies to the Company's Online Services, websites, mobile applications, and other services that link to it or display it. In addition, the Company may also own several other domain names that relate to its labels, feature its products, or point to its websites, and we may from time to time add new sites and services.
Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to information submitted and collected online through the Online Services, and does not apply to information that may be collected by the Company offline. In addition, this Privacy Policy does not apply to websites or services maintained by other companies or organizations (such as those who promote the Company's products and services or sell related items) and the Company cannot and does not guarantee the security of any personal information disclosed to those third parties. In addition, please note that we may hire vendors (agents or contractors) to collect personal information on our behalf and in such cases such vendors will be instructed to comply with this Privacy Policy. These vendors may not use your personal information for their own marketing purposes.
We use the third-party service providers as our online official re-seller and for certain in-game sales functions, check the terms and policies at point of sale. Other third-party service providers may be connected to other in-game sales functions; please review the Terms & Conditions of each product for more details. As indicated at the point of purchase, such transactions are between you and the third-party service provider and they are subject to the third-party service provider’s privacy policy and terms of service.
We also use third parties for various services related to the Online Services, including customer support, technical support, contest data collection, and email fulfillment. When you enter a contest or sign up to receive a newsletter, we may share your personal information as necessary for third parties to provide services on our behalf. These third parties are not permitted to use such information for their own marketing purposes.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to ensure that you are aware of these changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. If necessary we will give you additional choices regarding such change in these notices. As far as permitted by applicable law, your continued use of the Online Services will signify your acceptance of these changes.
You may choose to voluntarily provide us with various personal information and non-personal information through your use of the Online Services. We also may use "cookies" and other passive technologies including clear gifs to collect certain other information from you in connection with your use of the Online Services, such as the pages you visit and the features you use. Our cookies are linked to personal information. For more information, please consult the section on cookies and other technologies below.
Registration for Online Services, websites, jobs, products, contests, and special events;
Subscribing to newsletters or alerts;
Posting in or commenting on our message boards, forums, news blogs, chat rooms, or other Online Services;
Purchasing a product or services through our online stores;
Purchasing downloadable content, virtual items, or virtual currency for use with our software and/or Online Services;
Using "tell a friend," "email this page," or other E-Card features;
Requesting technical support;
Participating in polls, surveys, and questionnaires; or
Otherwise through use of our software, including console products, mobile products, and personal computer products, and through the use of our online products or Online Services where personal information is required for use and/or participation.
The types of information collected in connection with the activities listed above will vary depending on the activity. The information we collect may include personal information such as your first and/or last name, e-mail address, phone number, photo, mailing address, geolocation, or payment information. In addition, we may collect your age, gender, date of birth, zip code, hardware configuration, console ID, software products played, survey data, purchases, IP address and the systems you have played on. We may combine the information with your personal information and across other computers or devices that you may use. Prize winners may be required to provide additional information for prize fulfillment.
If you use, purchase, or register for an Online Service through a third-party service such as a gaming console's network service, an internet based gaming service, or a social network website, or request that we associate a Company account with a third-party service account, then limited user account personal information may be transferred to the Company as part of the registration process and we may be able to collect information about your use of the Online Services. For example, if you purchase virtual currency through a gaming console service, that gaming console service will provide us with information to effectuate the transaction, including the amount of virtual currency purchased and a means to identify your Online Service account.
When you use an application on a Social Networking Site ("SNS"), you allow us to access certain information from your profile from that SNS. The information you allow us to access is affected by the privacy settings you establish at the SNS. For example, our Facebook applications may access and store some or all of the following information, as allowed by you, the SNS and your preferences: your "basic information" you have shared with everyone on the SNS; your profile picture or its URL; your friends list, your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo; or other information indicated as part of the "Request for Permission" prompt from the SNS. Your agreement to share this information takes place when you "accept" (or similar terms) one of our applications on an SNS. Once your information is received from an SNS, that information is stored and used by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The Company is not responsible for the terms, policies, disclosures or actions of any SNS.
When you use Facebook Connect, OpenID or another multisite ID to log in to an Online Service, those ID services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us to pre-populate our sign up form. Depending on your account settings, multisite IDs may also provide other information to us. Please check the terms of those services before using them to log into an Online Service. When you play certain software products published by the Company, information about your gameplay may be collected and transmitted to the Company through network services or any other internet connection method used by the hardware on which you play such games (collectively and individually your "Internet Connection"). See "What Gameplay Information Does the Company Collect?" below for further details.
Member Names & IDs/Gaming Consoles/Social Network Services/Other Third-Party Services: Certain Online Services offered by the Company, including multiplayer gaming and specialized websites, use third-party services to (i) provide authentication for Online Services; or (ii) associate a Company service account with a third-party account such as a Gaming Console ID, Gaming Network Service account, or Social Network Service account. When you use a third-party authentication service or link your Company account with a third-party account, you will be asked to provide account information associated with that third-party account. Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you register to join an Online Service from a third-party gaming network system or link your Online Service membership with a third-party service, such as your friends list on that gaming network or social network service.
Public Information Including Message Boards, User Generated Content, Forums, News Blogs, Comments, User Profiles and Chat Rooms: Whenever you give out personal information in public areas such as on a message board, chat room, comment field, or profile page, that information can be collected and used by other people. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there. You should be aware that any personal information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or identify you. If you post a video, image, photo, or other content through an Online Service for public view, you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied, and/or used by other users without your consent. If your screen name or an ID contains your real name, then that name will be made publicly available on leaderboards and elsewhere. Therefore, you are strongly encouraged not to disclose personal information while using our services or use personal information to identify yourself while using our services. You are responsible for any public information or content you post using our Online Services.
E-mail Correspondence: We may provide e-mail addresses or forms to which visitors can send us questions or comments, or which visitors can use to request customer support. In the process of receiving and responding to such requests, we may collect personal information about you, such as your e-mail address or any other personal data contained in the body of your e-mail message. By allowing you to send us these requests, we are not attempting to solicit personal information from you. We only use the information for the purpose of responding to your questions and/or comments or to provide customer support. In most cases, your message is deleted immediately after we've resolved your inquiry; however, in some instances, copies of your requests may be kept on file for our records, for quality control purposes, or to provide ongoing support services you have requested. If we have actual knowledge that the person with whom we're communicating is a child under the age of thirteen, we delete the child's e-mail address and message immediately after responding.
In addition to responding to your email correspondence and sending you information you have requested via our email lists, we send activation emails and other transactional emails to your e-mail address as necessary. You may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Resumes: The Company allows for the online submission of resumes. Personal information collected from resumes will be used solely for the purpose of accepting and evaluating candidate submissions for job postings, and is therefore not governed by this Privacy Policy. Information obtained from resumes may be shared within the Company by parents, subsidiaries, or affiliates.
Investor Relations: The Company provides investor relations materials on its websites. Personal information collected on the investor relations' portion of the Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. website is used solely in a business capacity and is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
The Company uses cookies, web beacons, and similar tracking devices for certain Online Services to collect information. If you choose to provide us with personal information, it may be linked to the information collected by these technologies. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers.
Cookies: A "cookie" is a small bit of record-keeping information that websites often store on a user's computer. Our cookies are typically used to quickly identify a user's computer, browser, or device and to "remember" things about prior visits (such as the user's use of various features on the service). You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer; however, disabling cookies may affect your ability to use certain Online Services. On your mobile device, you may adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising.
Flash Cookies: We may also use flash cookies, also known as "shared objects," on our sites that employ Flash technology. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site's settings to personalize the look and feel of the site. You can clear Flash cookies already on your device by setting the Flash local storage setting to zero. You may also prevent Flash cookies from being placed by adjusting your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at www.macromedia.com .
Web Beacons: A "web beacon" is an electronic image that allows websites to count users who have visited certain pages or viewed certain advertisements.
Internet Log Files: The Company may also keep track of IP addresses used to access its Online Services for various reasons. An IP address is a number that is used by a networked device and will identify your point of connection to the internet. Depending on your network configuration, it may also identify your computer, or other device. A MAC address or other device ID identifies one specific piece of hardware. These log files are tied to your personal information in certain circumstances, such as if you have linked your console user account to Online Service accounts offered by the Company.
Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies: Other information that may be passively collected by the Company includes log files that record information about your hardware, product use, service use, or website use, including website navigation and game telemetry activity. We also use these log file entries for our internal marketing, service design, technical support, and demographic studies, so we can constantly improve the Online Services we provide you.
Advertising Service Providers: Some of our Online Services are supported or promoted by advertising provided by the Company or various third-party advertising agents, such as ad networks, data exchanges, traffic management service providers and marketing analytics service providers (“Advertising Service Providers”). Such Online Services may place and use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information about your device and your use of Online Services. The information such Advertising Service Providers may collect, or we may share with them, includes your device type, IP address, MAC address or other device ID, browser type, language, operating system and generalized geographic location; the types of pages, content and ads you, or others who are using your device, visited or viewed and the frequency of your visit/viewing; and information regarding your use of or activities in connection with a website or Online Service (e.g., time spent using a mobile application or your purchases). This information may be collected or shared when you use an Online Service, click on a webpage or an advertisement, or launch one of our game or other mobile applications that you have installed, and may be used: (1) to ensure that an Advertising Service Provider is accurately and properly paid for an advertisement it placed on our behalf (e.g., an ad that led you to purchase or download one of our games or other mobile applications); (2) to help prevent you from seeing the same ads over and over again; (3) to help select and display targeted ads or other content on your computer or other device (such as on a website you are viewing or a mobile application you are using) that may be of particular interest to you; (4) to measure and analyze advertising effectiveness and/or traffic in our Online Services and determine the popularity of certain content; and (5) to monitor and analyze the usage of our Online Services, so that we can continually enhance and improve them.
Third-party Advertisers: The Company works with various third-party advertising agents that use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect information. Please click on the links below to learn more about these vendors, their privacy policies, and the ability to opt out of their tracking programs. We do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technologies, and we encourage you to review their privacy policies before disclosing information to such parties.
Please note that the inclusion of a vendor in the list below does not mean that the Company is currently using their services or that it is currently conducting any campaigns that use such technologies.
Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is conditional upon our collection, use, storage, transmission and public display of statistical data (such as your scores, rankings, and achievements) generated through your participation.
Users of certain Online Services, such as the Rockstar Games Social Club, may be automatically entered into contests as a result of their membership and/or use of certain services. Check www.rockstargames.com/socialclub/events frequently for details regarding contests.
Online gaming and Social Networking Services are by their very nature open communities where gameplay information including user name, game activity, and leaderboard rankings are publicly posted for other people to see. Therefore, the Company will automatically post certain information, such as your Screen Name or ID and gameplay statistics, within the game, on Social Networking Services, on Online Services, or on specialized game websites. However, we will not post information that we know directly identifies you (such as your real name or email address) unless you provide that information voluntarily for such use. As with other gameplay information services, your gameplay, leaderboards, and multiplayer match information may appear nested in our games or third-party webpages via frames or widgets.
We may match and/or combine information collected in connection with various Online Services and display it publicly, including on our websites, in our games, or in multiplayer game lobbies. For example, if you associate your Company website account with a game console account, your in-game achievements may be displayed combining your website account name with your in-game achievements.
Some of our Online Services allow you to link your account to SNS services like Facebook and Twitter. Certain membership information may be transferred automatically to the Company when you link your Online Service membership with SNS account, such as your friends list. Some SNS services also give you the option to post information about the Online Services to their websites to share with others. If you choose to use these features, your actions are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature. Please review each company's governing policies before using their services.
Some of our Online Services offer SNS features and Widgets, such as the Facebook "Like" button, Google + button, or the Share This button. These third-party SNS features may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly and may collect information about you when you use them, such as your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site. SNS features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly by our Online Services. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature. Please review each company's governing policies before using their services.
From time to time, the Company may employ vendors to perform services on the Company's behalf. These vendors provide internal support to the Company by operating some of the services we provide you such as contest entry collection and email services. Although these vendors, not the Company, may collect, use, or maintain the information in connection with the Online Services, the Company still requires that they adhere to the Company's stated privacy policies and that they not share your personal information with third parties or use the information for their own marketing purposes.
The Company may also share your personal information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. The Company may share your personal information to fulfill a request you have made, such as signing up for an email list or requesting customer support. In the event we offer services or promotions where your personal information is separately collected and used according to the privacy policy of a third party, we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may elect not to participate in the service or promotion. In addition, we may share aggregate and other information regarding Online Service usage statistics and user demographics with third parties.
We may share your personal and other information with third parties in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability, including as required by law enforcement or other government officials. We also may share your personal and other information with third parties when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users, or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, investigate, or enforce our policies, terms, and conditions, combat fraud and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on the Company. In addition, your personal and other information may be disclosed to a potential or actual successor or assign in connection with a proposed or consummated merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event involving all or a portion of the Company, the Company's customer information may be transferred to our successor or assign.
If you are a member of an Online Service, you may use that service's account and privacy settings to personalize the collection, use and/or display of your data via that service.
If you do not want to receive certain communications such as newsletters or promotional offers, you may decline consent at the time your personal information is collected or later opt-out by using the methods listed below. In addition to the methods below, along with every promotional communication sent to you, the Company gives you the opportunity to discontinue receiving future promotional communications.
If for any reason you wish to unsubscribe to Rockstar Games mailing lists please log in to manage your account or use the unsubscribe links at the bottom of any Rockstar Games email message. To delete your Rockstar Games account, sign into your Social Club account, go to https://socialclub.rockstargames.com/profile/requestdeleteaccount.html , and follow the instructions on the page. If you are unable to log in to Social Club or you do not have access to your account, please email deleteaccount@RockstarGames.com from the same email account you used to join Social Club, include your Social Club nickname in the message and include “Delete Account” in the subject field.
If you do not want your gameplay information to publicly appear via the Rockstar Games Social Club, then you should contact support at https://support.rockstargames.com/hc/en-us/requests/new and submit a request to mask your user ID and opt out of our gameplay information services. Please note that, even if you opt out of participation in the Social Club, your gameplay information may still appear on certain gameplay boards including those hosted by third parties such as console manufacturers (including copies of those boards hosted on the Social Club) and the Company will continue to collect and store information regarding your usage of its games for internal purposes.
In addition to the above methods, you may be entitled to request to delete, restrict, correct, or receive a copy of the personal information collected about you. To the extent these rights apply in your country, they may be limited in some situations, for example where we are under a legal requirement to keep certain information. Should you wish to make a request, you may send an e-mail to privacypolicy@take2games.com , or write to us at Take-Two Interactive, Attn: Internet Privacy Policy Administrator, 622 Broadway, New York, New York 10012. Please indicate your country of residence in your correspondence.
Data Retention: We will retain your information as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services, or to administer our services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide you services, contact us as described above under "How You Can Control the Collection, Use, and/or Display of Data or Review Your Data." If your account is inactive, we will maintain your account for the length of time for which we reasonably expect you to reengage with our services. After such period, we will delete personal information, including your email address and log-in credentials, and you may no longer be able to access your account. We will notify you before we delete your account information so that you have the opportunity to keep your account active.  We may still retain some of your information in our files for a reasonable period of time to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, administer our services, comply with technical and legal requirements, and/or other constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of our Online Services, after which we will take steps to delete or archive it.
In all cases for all Online Services, we will respond to your request for access to update, delete, or correct inaccuracies to your personal information within 30 days.
Take Two Interactive
622 Broadway
This Privacy Notice for Job Applicants (“Privacy Notice”) provides information about how the personal data of job applicants will be processed (“Job Applicant Data”).
The data controller for Job Applicant Data will be the company to which the applicant has submitted his/her application (“Take-Two”) and for which contact details are provided in the job posting, job description or application portal through which the applicant has applied.
USES OF JOB APPLICANT DATA.
Take-Two will use and otherwise process Job Applicant Data for job recruiting and placement purposes.
As necessary in connection with these purposes, limited members of the Human Resources department, the Finance department, the IT department, the Legal department and senior hiring managers in the United States may access and otherwise process Job Applicant Data in connection with their job responsibilities. Take-Two takes appropriate steps to ensure that such personnel are bound to duties of confidentiality with respect to Job Applicant Data.
Information We Collect
Take-Two may collect, store and disclose the following Job Applicant Data you provide: (a) e-mail addresses and other contact information; (b) job application information, including without limitation, your employment history, answers to job application questions, test results, and any other requested information; (c) device identification information; (d) preferred language and country information; (e) correspondence or communication sent via the job application or testing websites (collectively, the “Pre-Employment Website(s)”); (f) information on your interactions with the Pre-Employment Websites features or other Pre-Employment Website users; and (g) other reasonably relevant information pertaining to your use of the Pre-Employment Websites including without limitation your Internet protocol addresses, standard web log information and content provided to Take-Two when contacted for assistance.
Take-Two may obtain personal data from other sources, such as through recruiters, employment research firms, identity verification services, and employment references. Take-Two may also receive information submitted through third-party websites, including through LinkedIn, and other publicly available sources online. Where permitted and with consent, Take-Two may request background or credit checks from public authorities or financial institutions to evaluate eligibility for employment or employment benefits.
How We Use Job Applicant Data
Job Applicant Data will be processed during the recruitment process by Take-Two (and its contracted parties) for job recruiting and placement purposes, human resources analysis ,and (for successful candidates), employment purposes. Job Applicant Data will also be processed by Take-Two, and any third-party vendors on behalf of Take-Two, for the purposes of management, resource and financial planning, and facilitating the application process. Take-Two will be data controllers for these purposes.
RETENTION.
If an application for employment is successful and a job applicant commences employment with Take-Two or another affiliate, the Job Applicant Data will be transferred to the individual’s employment/personnel file and will be processed for employment purposes by that Take-Two employer. Such data will be kept in accordance with Take-Two's data retention policies.
Job Applicant Data in respect of unsuccessful applications will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above and for consideration for future open positions. Afterwards, Take-Two will take steps to delete personal data or render it no longer identifiable in accordance with the time periods established in applicable laws. For details of the applicable time periods in your jurisdiction, please contact the Privacy Contact at the email address below.
If a job applicant does not wish to be notified of future job opportunities, and only wants Take-Two to use his/her Job Applicant Data for the purpose of considering the job applicant’s suitability for the specific position for which he/she applied, the job applicant should send an email to the Privacy Contact specified below, confirming this preference.
DATA SECURITY AND DATA INTEGRITY.
Take-Two maintains reasonable security measures to safeguard Job Applicant Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Take-Two also maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current.
TRANSFER TO THIRD PARTIES.
Job applicants may submit their applications to Take-Two via a website controlled by Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. in the United States and operated by third party vendors outside of the European Economic Area ("EEA"). Take-Two may also share Job Applicant Data with other affiliates to the extent required for the role to which the applicant is applying or when Take-Two is required to provide information under applicable law or legal process.
The countries to which Job Applicant Data is transferred may not have in place equivalent data protection laws to those in the EEA. For example, Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. is located in the United States, which does not have equivalent data protection laws. Take-Two has put in place measures, including European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses, to safeguard the transfer of Job Applicant Data among affiliates (as needed) and to all third party vendors outside the EEA. Job Applicant Data will be made available to individuals within the recipient entities on a need-to-know basis only for the relevant purposes described above.
Job Applicant Data may also be shared with companies that help provide background screening services, to the extent this is required for the position to which the applicant is applying in accordance with applicable law. For more information on Take-Two's international data transfers, please contact our Privacy Contact at dataprotection@take2games.com
LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING JOB APPLICANT DATA.
Take-Two processes Job Applicant Data when necessary to fulfil process an application. Take-Two may also process Job Applicant Data with consent (for example, when asking permission to contact a reference). Take-Two also processes Job Applicant Data where required to by law (for example, to comply with record keeping, auditing or tax obligations), or when it is in Take-Two's legitimate interests and when these interests are not overridden by privacy and data protection rights, such as to protect the security of facilities and online platforms.
CHOICES AND RIGHTS.
Job applicants are entitled to request access to their Job Applicant Data and to correct, amend or delete it, or, to the extent applicable, to receive Job Applicant Data in a structured, machine readable format. In addition, Job Applicants can object to the processing of personal data in some circumstances and, where processing relies on consent, job applicants may withdraw it at any time. These rights may be limited in some circumstances, for example if fulfilling the request would reveal personal data about another person, if Take-Two has compelling legitimate interests, or if Take-Two is not permitted by law to comply with the request. Applicable data protection law also may provide a right to complain to a supervisory authority. Any of the above requests should be directed to the applicant's local Human Resources/Recruiting department or to the Take-Two Privacy Contact (dataprotection@take2games.com).
DISCLOSURES REQUIRED OR PERMITTED BY LAW.
Regardless of any other provisions in this Privacy Notice, Take-Two may disclose or otherwise process Job Applicant Data in the context of any sale or transaction involving all or a portion of the business, or as may be required or permitted by law or the Standard Contractual Clauses. Take-Two also may disclose Job Applicant Data to law enforcement authorities or other government officials based on an enforceable government request or as may be required under applicable law.
CONTACT INFORMATION.
