1. INTRODUCTION
1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY. TravelersPress.com (“us”, “we,” “Company”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors and other users of TravelersPress.com (the “Site”). We created this Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.
1.2. NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN
PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. WHAT BASIC INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?
The Site processes personal data as a Controller as defined in the GDPR.
Any personal information collected by Us is done so that our Site will function properly and so that we can continue to maintain the Site to the best of our abilities.
In operating the Site, we collect personal information from you in a couple different situations. The first is if you should contact us via the “contact” page. In doing so, you will provide us with your name and email address. The second is if you leave a comment to a blog post during which you may be asked for a name and other information. You are not required to provide us with information via these two methods to use and enjoy the Site.
2.2. WHAT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY COLLECT?
(a) COOKIES. From time to time, we may use the standard “cookies” feature of major browser applications that allows us to store a small piece of data on your computer about your visit to our Site. Cookies help us learn which areas of our Site are useful and which areas need improvement through programs including, but not limited to, Google Analytics. We may also use cookies from third party social sites and programs including, but not limited to, Facebook, Google Plus and Twitter. You can choose to disable cookies through your browser or independent programs available online. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at our Site may be diminished as some features may not work as they were intended.
The Site uses cookies to participate in affiliate programs, including but not limited to Amazon Associates. As part of an affiliate program, We are compensated when visitors click through our links and make a purchase from the site the is running the affiliate program. For example, We earn a commission if you click through a link from our Site leading to Amazon.com and you make a purchase at Amazon.com. Affiliate links use cookies to track the referral.
(b) SPONSORS AND ADVERTISERS. We may decide to accept sponsorship and advertisements on the Site. Should this occur, you should assume said sponsors and advertisers will be given access to the impressions and click data on their marketing pieces. Your personally identifiable information will never be revealed to them by us.
Personal information is not used for ads that are displayed on our site.
3. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
3.1. WHAT DOES COMPANY DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?
(a) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We do not disclose the personally identifiable information to any third parties other than those that we use to facilitate the functioning of the site such as a hosting company and email program for mailings.
(b) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic. In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
(c) DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We may disclose any information we have for you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us, (2) protect and defend our rights or property or the users of the Site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the Site.
(d) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or buy portions of the Site or our company, including the information collected through this Site. If Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, user information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.
4. SECURITY
The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
5. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND COMPANY’S CONTROL
5.1. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
From time-to-time, the Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit those websites, it is important to understand our privacy practices and terms of use do not extend to those sites. It is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their practices.
6. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES
6.1. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Policy or our practices related to this Site, please feel contact us using the “ Contact ” link on the menu located at the top of the site.  TravelersPress.com can also be contacted at:
PO Box 404
6.2. UPDATES AND CHANGES
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy to reflect changes in our Privacy Policy. We shall post any such changes on the Site in a conspicuous area. You may then choose whether you wish to accept said policy changes or discontinue using the Site. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective 30 days after posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
7. GDPR
By leaving a comment on a blog post at our Site and providing your personal information (including your email address) you give us consent to have this information.
Under the guidelines of the General Data Protection Regulation you have the right to withdraw consent. The only place your personal information is kept on our Site is through the blog comments functionality. If you would like your personal information to be deleted and your comment to be removed, please contact us .
 
About Me
Me name is Marc Andre and I am the founder of TravelerPress. Today TravelersPress publishes the work of many different writers to give you a much better variety of content. I still serve as the editor of the site I love to travel myself, especially when it involves photography!
TravelersPress is dedicated to providing travel-related articles and stories that will inspire and educate those who love to travel.
We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
© TravelersPress.com - All rights reserved
