Emaar Properties PJSC (which term includes all subsidiaries of Emaar Properties PJSC) ("Company", "we" or “us”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.addresshotels.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
Through mobile and desktop applications you may download from this Website, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
It does not apply to information collected by:
us offline or through any other means, including any other website operated by any third party; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to the Website.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, passport number, property ID or telephone number ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
From third parties, for example, our business partners.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US.
The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to our service, registering for newsletter, using the ‘contact us’ form, using the ‘We Care form’, using the careers portal (TALEO) or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order or making payment through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
USAGE DETAILS, IP ADDRESSES, COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests. Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
Web Beacons. Pages of our the Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To provide you with notices, including expiration, billing and renewal notices.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any project or services we offer or provide.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and third-parties' projects and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please contact us at customerinfo@emaar.ae .
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Company, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to customerinfo@emaar.ae .
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address or contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' projects or services, you can opt-out by sending us an e-mail stating your request to customerinfo@emaar.ae .
ACCESSING AND CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website e-services. You may also request to update any personal information we hold about you by contacting us at customerinfo@emaar.ae .
DATA SECURITY
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Should you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at customerinfo@emaar.ae .
Sign up to our newsletter:
Sign up to receive exclusive offers and news from Address Hotels + Resorts. Just enter your email address and we will arrange the rest.
Enter email addressEnter a valid email address
Call our reservations team:
