The cloud is full of risk. Your security posture shouldn't be.
Our Integrated Cyber Defense Platform lets you focus on your priorities — digital transformations, supply chain security, cloud migration, you name it — knowing you are protected from end to end
A Leader in the Gartner Magic Quadrant Leader for Data Loss Prevention
An ISTR Executive Healthcare Summary for Healthcare Professionals
Cyber Redefined: Automated, Innovative, Integrate
Join the best in government cyber and IT at the 2018 Symantec Government Symposium
Validate your investment in training and experience, and boost your credibility today
Cyber Security news and analysis by Symantec threat researchers
Cyber Security news and analysis by Symantec threat researchers
Your Privacy is Our Priority
Data and its protection are at the center of everything we do: Our business is built on security, compliance, and accountability, enabling us to protect our customers’ most valuable assets.
Committed to safeguarding privacy and personal data
Protecting your most valuable assets is at the heart of our business, and Symantec remains vigilant about safeguarding your personal data and the privacy of the individuals it represents.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) readiness is a critical initiative for Symantec, and we’ve taken a number of steps to strengthen and enhance our privacy practices, for European Union nations, and across the globe.
We are committed to providing customers with products and services that are ready to be used in accordance with GDPR, and we are dedicated to transparency every step of the way.
Privacy is a fundamental human right and protecting personal data—whether our own, our customers’, or our partners’—is part of our commitment to corporate responsibility.
Customer Data Processing Addendum
Data Subject Access Request
To exercise any of your rights or to request information, click the link below
View a complete list of third party sub-processors that Symantec uses.
Access to information and resources about Symantec’s information security policies, standards and assurance programs over the protection of customer data.
For privacy-related inquiries associated with your Symantec account, product, or service, please contact us as indicated below:
Norton and LifeLock users:
Managed Security Services customers: log in to your MSS Portal or reach out to your assigned Service Delivery Team
Incident Response clients: call (855) 378-0073, email us , or contact your assigned Project Manager or Service Manager
DeepSight customers: connect to the support portal or call your country’s support helpline
For all other privacy-related matters, please contact us by writing, calling, or emailing us as indicated below:
Symantec Corporation – Global Privacy Office
350 Ellis Street P.O. Box 7011 Mountain View, CA 94043 U.S.A.
Symantec & Norton Global Privacy Statement
In an increasingly digitized world, Symantec values privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. Data and the protection of data are at the center of everything we do. As such, our business is built on security, compliance and accountability, enabling us to protect our customers’ most valuable assets.
We support the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the safeguarding of privacy rights.
Select the Statement in Your Language:
Norton Product and Service Privacy Notice
Learn more about the information collected by or in connection with your use of our products and services.
Select the Privacy Notice in Your Language:
Enterprise Products & Services Transparency Notices
Learn more about the information collected by or in connection with your use of our products and services.
A
Data Subject Access Request Contact Information
If you have a Data Subject Access Request, please contact us through one of the channels listed below, according to your relationship with Symantec.
Norton and LifeLock users:
Managed Security Services customers: log in to your MSS Portal or reach out to your assigned Service Delivery Team
Incident Response clients: call (855) 378-0073, email us , or contact your assigned Project Manager or Service Manager
Other Persons who are not current Symantec or Norton customers or employees but have general inquiries about Data Subject Access:
