Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Gym Geek collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the http://gymgeek.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Gym Geek.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Gym Geek may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To share your information with third parties
We may share or sell information with third parties for marketing or other purposes.
To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature
To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Changes to this privacy policy
Gym Geek has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Welcome to Gym Geek!
Hi! I’m Ben and I am the Gym Geek!
You can find up to date posts, tips and advice about working out, fitness and general gym topics!
I have full instructions for most major exercises, complete workout plans, and much more!
Follow me on Twitter , Facebook , Pinterest and Bloglovin to get regular updates.
Search
Most Viewed Articles In The Last Hour
Ads
Need a simple workout routine video? Check this out (sponsored link): p90x full video
Pages
Featured Reader testimonial
  My Friends Have Noticed The Difference In My Muscles, All Thanks To GymGeek.com...thanks guys!  
Happy Reader
Recent Articles
Most Viewed Posts In The Last Hour
Search for:
Copyright 2014-2018 GymGeek.com.  The information contained on our website is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, treatment or diagnosis in any manner. Always seek the advice of a professional physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding any medical condition. Always consult a qualified medical professional before beginning any nutritional program or exercise program. The exercise and other suggestions on our website are not intended to substitute for proper medical advice. We assume absolutely no responsibility for injuries suffered while practicing any exercise program. If you have any conditions such as joint or back pain, high blood pressure, arthritis, heart disease etc., please seek professional advice before following any advice or information found on this website. We are also not responsible for any third-party websites that we link to &bullet; Privacy Policy &bullet; About / Contact us • Follow my blog with Bloglovin
Get Our Top Gym Tips Before Anyone Else
Enter your email below and we will email you our top gym tips and tricks before anyone else. [we will never spam you! we hate spam]
×
