Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) to shop.spacex.com when creating an account or choosing to participate in various activities on the Website.
shop.spacex.com collects and stores information required to conduct business transactions requested by our customers (such as the purchase of any items for sale on the Website) and to properly conduct communications with our customers. Such information may include personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information is information that tells us specifics about you, such as your name, address, IP address, e-
Cookies Information: When you visit the Website, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. MashON uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. shop.spacex.com may use cookies information to contact Users.
Google Analytics: This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyze how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for Website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. By using this Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
 
 
If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Website, then we use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Website.
Any personally identifiable information including, without limitation, any text, image, photo, drawing, video or other content that you voluntarily save and publish online (each a "User Submission") on the Website becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Any User Submissions that you submit to the Website may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.
 
 
We provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to [our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or] other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with this Privacy Policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, demographic data, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website.
We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. copyright law) or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.
Shop.spacex.com also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that shop.spacex.com believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce the Terms of Use , take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the Website, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of MashON, its employees, Users or others.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Protecting the privacy of children is especially important to shop.spacex.com. For that reason, shop.spacex.com does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information or non-personally-identifiable information on the Website from persons under 13 years of age without parental consent. If shop.spacex.com learns that personally identifiable information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Website without verified parental consent, then shop.spacex.com will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We may revise this Policy at any time by updating this posting without advance notice to you. Such revisions shall be effective immediately upon posting. Therefore, we encourage you to visit our website to review this Privacy Policy often.
LAST UPDATED: December 2, 2017
© 2018 Space Exploration Technologies Corp.
