Privacy Policy
Verizon is committed to protecting your privacy
Protecting our customers' privacy is an important priority at Verizon and we are committed to maintaining strong and meaningful privacy protections. The privacy of your information is a significant responsibility and we value the trust you place in us.
Our Privacy Policy is designed to inform you about the information we collect, how we use it, and your options regarding certain uses of this information. This policy also describes privacy rights you have under certain federal laws.
This policy applies to Verizon Fios® TV, Internet and Digital Voice customers and to other Verizon customers served over our fiber-to-the premises network. Our full Privacy Policy (available at verizon.com/privacy ) provides additional detail and applies to website visitors and to customers of the Verizon family of companies in the United States and the products and services they provide, including the Verizon telephone companies, Verizon Enterprise Solutions, Verizon Wireless, Verizon Online, and Oath (formed by the combination of AOL and Yahoo). Certain services offered to consumers as well as contracts between Verizon and its business customers may contain additional privacy-related terms and conditions that are presented to you in other ways.
Supplemental privacy policies for Oath companies and the services they provide are described in the Oath and Yahoo privacy policies available at http://privacy.aol.com/ and https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/index.htm .
Information we collect and how it is used
We collect information when you communicate with us and when you use our products, services and sites. This includes information you provide such as name and contact information, images, voice recordings or prints, the reason for contacting us, driver’s license number, Social Security Number and payment information. Service usage information we collect includes call records, websites visited, wireless location, application and feature usage, network traffic data, product and device-specific information and identifiers, service options you choose, mobile and device numbers, video streaming and video packages and usage, movie rental and purchase data, TV and other video viewership, and other similar information.
We use this information to establish, monitor and maintain your account and billing records; measure credit and payment risk; provide account-related services; deliver and maintain your products and services; help you with service-related issues or questions; manage and protect our networks, services and users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; help us improve our services and research and develop new products and services; authenticate you; determine your eligibility for new products and services and contact you with marketing offers.
When you contact us or we contact you, we may monitor or record that communication or keep a record of the transaction to help us train employees and better serve you.
We may automatically measure and monitor network performance and the performance of your connections to improve your, or our, service levels and products. If you contact us for service support, we also may access information about your computer, wireless device or other device settings to provide customized technical support or to install specific applications or services that you use or that are necessary to the applications or services you use.
Information about your use of Verizon products and services may be aggregated or otherwise de-identified for business and marketing uses by us or by third parties. For example, aggregate or de-identified data may be used to improve our services, measure and analyze the use of services and to help make services and advertising more relevant to you. 
When you establish an online account or register on our sites or apps, we may collect information about your user identification, password and secret questions and answers. We use this information to authenticate you when you sign in.
Verizon will obtain your affirmative consent before we use information we gathered in the course of providing broadband Internet access services about your visits over time to different non-Verizon websites to customize ads specifically to you.
Please note that Verizon is not responsible for information, content, app or services provided by others. Before you access, use, link to or download a service or app on your computer, television, wireless or other device, you should review the associated terms of service and privacy policy. Personal information you submit in those contexts may be read, collected or used by the service or app provider and others in ways that are different from described here.
Information provided to us by third parties
When you purchase products or apply for service with us, we may obtain credit information about you from outside credit reporting agencies to help us with customer authentication and credit-related decisions. If you lease your residence, we may have information about how to reach your landlord and whether landlord permission is required to install our facilities.
We obtain information from outside companies such as those that collect consumer information including demographic and interest data. Examples of this information include gender, age range, sports enthusiast, frequent diner or pet owner. We use this data and combine it with other information we have about you to help us predict your preferences, to direct marketing offers that might be more relevant to you, and to help us better analyze customer information for business modeling purposes.
We also obtain contact information and other marketing lead information from third parties, website “refer-a-friend” options or social media platforms and may combine it with information we have to contact you or direct Verizon marketing offers to you.
Information you provide
When you contact us for information when you enter a Verizon-sponsored or affiliated contest, sweepstakes or promotion, we may use the information you supply to provide you with information about Verizon services, programs or offerings.Certain promotions may require that we disclose information, such as contest winners or provide information for prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the promotion’s official rules. Information you provide on our websites about your preferred location and other preferences may be used to provide you with more relevant product recommendations, services and special offers.
If you provide information to us in the context of an event that Verizon sponsors with another organization, or if you visit a co-sponsored site or use a co-sponsored service, you also may be providing information to the co-sponsor. You should refer to that co-sponsor's privacy policy for information about its practices which may differ from our practices.
We also collect information from you when you participate in surveys or provide other feedback to us regarding our products or services, when you register to receive news or public policy updates, or when you apply for a job with or a grant from Verizon. We use this information for the purposes described to you at the time the information is collected.
We may send you emails that communicate information about your account or about products, services, marketing offers, or promotions that may be of interest to you. When you open a Verizon email or click on links within these emails, we may collect and retain information to provide you with future communications that may be more interesting to you. Please note that we will not ask you to send us, via email, sensitive personal or account information.
Information about the Cable Act
To the extent that Section 631 of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the "Cable Act"), applies to services you purchase, it entitles you to know about the personally identifiable information a cable service provider collects. This includes the nature of the use and disclosure of this information and to whom it may be disclosed, how long personally identifiable information is maintained, and how subscribers may access it. In addition, the Cable Act imposes limits on the collection and disclosure of personal information and gives subscribers the ability to enforce their privacy rights. (Personally identifiable information does not include aggregate data that does not identify a particular person).
The Cable Act allows a provider to use its cable system to collect personally identifiable information necessary to render a cable service or other services provided to subscribers and to detect and prevent unauthorized access to services. Additional personally identifiable information may be collected with the subscriber’s prior consent. Personally identifiable information may be used or disclosed without the subscriber’s consent where necessary to render services, and to conduct legitimate business activities related to services provided.
We may be required by law to disclose personally identifiable information to a governmental entity to comply with valid legal process, such as warrants, court orders or subpoenas, but we will not disclose records revealing your selection of video programming unless we receive a court order indicating that the governmental entity has made a specified showing of relevance and you were afforded an opportunity to contest the order. We may be required to disclose personally identifiable information (including your selection of video programming) to a non-governmental entity to comply with a court order, after you have been provided notice.
If you believe that your privacy rights have been violated, please contact us at privacyoffice@verizon.com and we will work with you to address your concerns. If you believe that you have been aggrieved as a result of a violation of the Cable Act, you may enforce the limitations imposed by the Cable Act through a civil action in a United States district court seeking damages, attorney's fees, and litigation costs. Other rights and remedies may also be available to you under federal or other applicable laws.
The Cable Act permits the disclosure of customer names and addresses as long as a subscriber has been provided with the opportunity to prohibit or limit this disclosure and the disclosure does not reveal, directly or indirectly, the subscriber’s viewing or other uses of the cable or other services provided. If we intend to share data in this way, we will provide you with the opportunity to prohibit or limit this type of sharing.
Relevant advertising programs
The Relevant TV Advertising program helps make Fios TV ads you see more interesting and useful using your postal address; certain information about your Verizon products and services (such as services packages purchased, video-on-demand purchases and program viewing data); and demographics and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies (such as gender, family size, and luxury car owner). Relevant TV ads may appear on a variety of platforms where Fios TV customers can access video content. We do not share information that identifies you personally outside of Verizon as part of this program other than with vendors and partners who do work for us. We require that these vendors and partners protect the information and use it only for the services they are providing us.  You have a choice about receiving this type of advertising and you can opt out by going to verizon.com/tvads and following the instructions under “My Fios TV Plan”.
The Relevant Online Advertising program helps make online ads you see more interesting and useful using the postal address we have for you; certain information about your Verizon products and services--such as service packages, Fios TV purchases and viewership categories; and demographic and interest information provided to us by other companies--such as gender, age-range, sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner. This information is used to predict whether you fit within an audience an advertiser is trying to reach. We do not share any information that identifies you personally outside of Verizon as part of this program other than with vendors and partners who do work for us. We require that these vendors and partners protect the information and use if only for the services they are providing us.  You have a choice about participating and can opt out by going to the My Services area of My Verizon, click on “Internet”, then “Manage” and then “Manage Online Advertising Preferences”.
Additional information for AOL services
Oath consists of over 50 digital and mobile brands globally, including HuffPost, Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, Tumblr and AOL, as well as advertising platforms such as ONE by AOL, BrightRoll, and Gemini.  Many free services provided by Oath brands are supported by advertising displayed on those services. Oath advertising platforms also provide a variety of online advertising services that place other companies’ ads across the sites, services and devices you use.
Additional information about the collection and use of information from devices you use to access or connect to Oath sites, products and services is described in the Oath Privacy Policy for websites, services and software that link to that policy.  Similarly, the Yahoo Privacy Policy provides detail about the collection and use of information from devices you use to access or connect to Yahoo websites, services and technologies that link to the Yahoo policy.   These policies also describe the collection and use of information by Oath advertising platforms and your related choices.
In the event of a conflict between the Verizon privacy policy and the Oath or Yahoo privacy policies, the Oath policy will control when you use a site, product or service that links to the Oath privacy policy and the Yahoo privacy policy will apply when you use a site, service, or technology that links to the Yahoo policy.
Information we share
Information shared within the Verizon family of companies
Verizon may share customer information within our family of companies for a variety of purposes, including, for example, providing you with the latest information about our products and services and offering you our latest promotions. You can limit the sharing of certain types of customer information, specifically,  Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) and certain credit information, within the Verizon family of companies for marketing services to you other than your current services.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) is information that relates to the type, quantity, destination, technical configuration, and location, amount of use and related billing information of your telecommunications or interconnected Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) services. Federal law governs our use and sharing of CPNI. Credit information includes your credit score, information found in your consumer reports, and your account history.
Information shared outside the Verizon family of companies
Except as explained in our full Privacy Policy, in privacy policies for specific services, or in agreements with our customers, we do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers, people using our networks, or website visitors with others outside the Verizon family of companies for non-Verizon purposes without the consent of the person whose information will be shared.
We use vendors and partners for a variety of business purposes such as to help us offer, provide, repair and bill for services we provide. We share information with those vendors and partners when it is necessary for them to perform work on our behalf. For example, we may provide your credit card information and billing address to our payment processing company solely for the purpose of processing payment for a transaction you have requested. We require that these vendors and partners protect the customer information we provide to them and limit their use of Verizon customer data to the purposes for which it was provided. We do not permit these types of vendors and partners to use this information for their own marketing purposes.
As described in more detail in other sections of this policy, Verizon also may share certain information with outside companies, for example, to assist with the delivery of advertising campaigns or preparing and sharing aggregate reports. This information does not identify Verizon customers individually.
Verizon provides the names, addresses and telephone numbers of wireline telephone customers to directory publishers and directory assistance services unless a non-published or non-listed phone number has been requested.
We may disclose information that individually identifies our customers or identifies customer devices in certain circumstances, such as:
to comply with valid legal process including subpoenas, court orders or search warrants, and as otherwise authorized by law;
in cases involving danger of death or serious physical injury to any person or other emergencies;
to protect our rights or property, or the safety of our customers or employees;
to protect against fraudulent, malicious, abusive, unauthorized or unlawful use of or subscription to our products and services and to protect our network, services, devices and users from such use;
to advance or defend against complaints or legal claims in court, administrative proceedings and elsewhere;
to credit bureaus or collection agencies to determine credit risk, for reporting purposes or to obtain payment for Verizon-billed products and services;
to a third-party that you have authorized to verify your account information;
to outside auditors and regulators; or
with your consent.
When you purchase services offered jointly by Verizon and one of our partners, customer information may be received by both Verizon and our partner that is providing your service. For these jointly offered services, you should also review the partner company's privacy policy which may include practices that are different from the practices described here.
If Verizon enters into a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets or business, customer information will also be transferred as part of or in connection with the transaction.
Information provided to or used by third-party advertising entities or social networks
If you choose to interact with specific advertisers who advertise on our apps, sites or services, the information you provide to them is subject to the conditions of their specific privacy policies. We may permit advertisers on our sites, apps and services to place ads based on certain information we have about your Verizon products and services as well as geographic or demographic data. Information used for this purpose does not identify you individually.
Verizon websites and services may include social network or other third-party plug-ins and widgets that may provide information to their associated social networks or third-parties about the Verizon page you visit or services you use, even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in or widget.
How to limit the sharing and use of your information
You have choices about how we share and use information.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
Customers of Verizon telecommunications and VoIP services may choose to limit the sharing of CPNI for our marketing of services outside of services you currently have. You may opt-out of this sharing by following the instructions in the CPNI notice provided to you on your monthly bill, over the phone, via text, in contracts or in other ways. Consumers and certain business customers may opt-out by calling 1.866.483.9700.
Information about Your Credit
Verizon Wireline consumers may limit the sharing of credit information for our marketing of new services to you.  You may opt-out of this sharing by following the instructions in the notice provided on your monthly bill, or by calling 1-844-366-2879. 
Telemarketing
Federal "Do Not Call" laws allow you to place your phone numbers on the National Do Not Call Registry to prohibit many telemarketing calls to those numbers. If you would like to add your numbers to this list, you may do so by calling 1.888.382.1222, or by visiting donotcall.gov.
Most telemarketing laws allow companies to contact their own customers without consulting the federal or state Do Not Call lists. If you would like to be removed from Verizon’s residential telemarketing list, please contact us at 1.800.VERIZON (1.800.837.4966). Please allow 30 days for your telephone number to be removed from any sales programs that are currently underway.
Marketing email, text messages, postal mail and door-to-door calls
Marketing emails you receive from Verizon include an unsubscribe instruction (usually found at the bottom of the email) that you may use to opt out of receiving future marketing-related emails.
You may opt out of receiving marketing-related postal mailings or prevent door-to-door marketing solicitations from us by calling 1.800.VERIZON (1.800.837.4966). Text message solicitations from Verizon also contain an "unsubscribe" feature that you can use to prevent future marketing text messages from us. Please note that we may use bulk mail service for some marketing mailings. These services deliver offers to all homes in a neighborhood or zip code. This type of mailing will continue even if you opt-out of receiving marketing-related postal mailings from us.
Advertising programs:
Fios Internet access customers mayopt-out of the Relevant Online Advertising program by going to the My Services area of their My Verizon online accounts and clicking on “Internet”, then “Manage” and then “Manage Online Advertising Preferences”.
Oath choices:
You can visit the Oath and Yahoo privacy policies to learn more about choices you about how Oath brands use information across the devices you use.
Working together to help keep children safe
Verizon recognizes that online service providers must be vigilant in protecting the safety and privacy of children online. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose individually identifying information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining verifiable parental consent.
If you have a complaint about child pornography, the soliciting of children for sexual activity, or any other illegal or inappropriate activity involving children on a Verizon service, report it to us by sending an email to abuse@verizon.net . Please include the words "child porn" in the subject line of your email. You can also make a report directly to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children through its CyberTipline located at cybertipline.org.
Information security and data retention
Verizon has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store, including social security numbers. Employees are trained on the importance of protecting privacy and on the proper access to, use and disclosure of customer information. Under our practices and policies, access to sensitive personally identifiable information is authorized only for those who have a business need for such access. Personally identifiable information and other sensitive records are retained only as long as reasonably necessary for business, accounting, tax or legal purposes.
Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store, no program is 100% secure and we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose personal information. We maintain security and incident response plans to handle incidents involving unauthorized access to private information we collect or store.
If you become aware of a security issue, please contact our Security Control Center at: HQD03A78, P.O. Box 152092, Irving, TX, 75015-2092; Fax: 1.800.997.9981. We will work with you to address any problems.
Contact us
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions related to our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices you may contact us at:
Verizon Privacy Office
Accessing and updating your information
We strive to keep our customer records as accurate as possible. You may correct or update your Verizon customer information by calling one of our customer service representatives at 1.800.VERIZON (1.800.837.4966) or by accessing your account online at verizon.com/myverizon. Registered AOL users may access and update their registration information and any billing or shipping information by visiting My Account at myaccount.aol.com.  You can edit your Yahoo account information, including your marketing preferences, via Yahoo’s Ad Interest Manager.
Fios and other customers served over our fiber-to-the-premises network who would like to see their personally identifiable information, may contact us at privacyoffice@verizon.com to arrange a time and convenient location to do so during business hours. You will need to provide proper identification and you may examine records that contain personally identifiable information about you and no one else. If you believe any of your personally identifiable information is inaccurate, we will work with you to ensure that corrections are made. Verizon reserves the right to charge you for the cost of photocopying any documents you request.
Changes to this policy
We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy, so please check back periodically for changes. You will be able to see that changes have been made by checking to see the effective date posted at the end of the policy.
If we elect to use or disclose information that identifies you as an individual in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice regarding such use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include use of an opt-out mechanism.
Updated September, 2017
Contact us
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions related to our Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, e-mail us or contact us at:
Verizon Privacy Office
For Verizon Employees
Follow Verizon Careers
Follow Verizon Wireless
Follow Verizon Fios
Follow Verizon Enterprise
Follow Verizon Connect
©2018 Verizon
