Updated: September 5, 2018
Your privacy is critically important to us. At Quizizz, these are our guiding principles:
We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
We don’t keep your personal information longer than is necessary to provide our services to you.
We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don’t store your personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of our services.
We don’t rent, sell or exchange your personal information.
We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what’s visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
This Privacy Policy describes how Quizizz collects, uses, shares, stores and protects your personally identifiable information. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
Website and App Visitors
Like most website and app operators, Quizizz collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers, servers and apps typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Quizizz’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Quizizz’s visitors use its website and app. From time to time, Quizizz may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Quizizz may also use this information to improve our services and undertake quality assurance for our visitors and customers who engage with our website or apps. Where permitted by law, we may also use information to identify your general location to provide you with services, or relevant marketing and advertisements.
Quizizz also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and unique device identifiers. We use this information to recognize repeat visitors to our site and facilitate the use of our service by you.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Quizizz's website and application ("app") choose to interact with Quizizz in ways that require Quizizz to gather personally identifying information so that we may provide you with the services you request. The amount and type of information that Quizizz gathers depends on the nature of that interaction. For example, for visitors who choose to simply play a game through our website or app without establishing an account, we will gather the minimum amount of information necessary to provide you with our service, such as device identifying information, IP address and a name you provide to us for displaying your score. If you sign up for a Quizizz  account, we may also collect the account information you provide us, such as a username, age and email address. All interactions with Quizizz’ website or app produce metadata that may identify you or could be identifiable information when paired with other information about you. In every case, Quizizz strives to collect only the minimum necessary information from you as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Quizizz or that is required by law. Visitors to the Quizizz website or app may always refuse to supply personally identifying information, however, doing so may prevent you from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Children and Students
Quizizz believes the personally identifiable information of children and students deserves special protections and we comply with all applicable data privacy laws, including the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).  We also assist schools in meeting their obligations pursuant to the Family Educational Rights Privacy Act (“FERPA”). Quizizz offers a limited feature set and web site experience for young users of Quizizz. We do not require students to submit their name or contact information, nor do we require them to create accounts. When a student indicates that they are younger than 13 years of age while creating an account, Quizizz does not collect personally identifiable information. Teachers, therefore, can encourage the use of Quizizz by students to augment class instruction without prompting Quizizz to collect data of minors that either could or does identify a child.
Safety on Quizizz
Children’s safety and full enjoyment of Quizizz, as well as the safety and well being for all children and their families, is of the utmost importance to all of us at Quizizz. Quizizz does not accumulate personal information about any child or family for distribution, sharing, or selling except as described in this privacy policy. Neither the Quizizz website nor app allows any type of direct communication to or between participants who are using our services.
Aggregated Statistics
Quizizz may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to our website and app to improve our services. For instance, Quizizz may monitor the most popular quizzes on the Quizizz site. Quizizz may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Quizizz does not disclose personally identifying information to any third parties other than as described below.
Use and Sharing of Your Personally Identifiable Information
Quizizz limits its disclosure of both information that could on its own or in combination with other information be used to identify you. We only disclose personally identifying information to Quizizz employees, contractors and subcontractors that: (i) must access that information in order to process it on Quizizz's behalf or to provide services available at Quizizz's website and mobile applications; and, (ii) agree not to disclose that information to others.
Quizizz will not rent, sell or exchange potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to any third party. Other than to Quizizz’s employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Quizizz discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law such as to comply with a court order, or when Quizizz believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property, or legal rights or safety of Quizizz, third parties or the public at large.
Use of Your Information to Communicate With You
If you are a registered Quizizz user and supplied Quizizz with your email address, Quizizz may occasionally send you communications, such as emails or texts, to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Quizizz and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. You may choose to stop receiving our emails by unsubscribing.
Parental Rights
Quizizz empowers parents and legal guardians of children younger than 13 who have registered accounts with Quizizz to exercise their legal rights pursuant to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Parents/guardians can consent to collection and use by Quizizz alone of a child's personally identifiable information (PII) without consenting to the disclosure of information to third parties by Quizizz. Currently, the only information we collect from a child younger than 13 is their parent's or guardian’s email address.
Parents/guardians may review information their children shared with Quizizz.com by accessing their child's account. Parents may also request that Quizizz delete that information and refuse to allow Quizizz to collect further information from their children by contacting us at contact@quizizz.com. Quizizz may ask additional questions or take other steps to verify the identity of parents/guardians before responding to a request to review or delete their child's information, or a request to refuse further collection from children.
Quizizz will never require a child to share more information than is reasonably necessary for using Quizizz. While Quizizz will assign persistent identifiers to all Quizizz users to recognize repeat visitors and improve their Quizizz experience, Quizizz does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children younger than 13 years of age without a parent or guardian's consent. If we become aware, despite our intention not to gather this information, that we collected personally identifiable information from a child younger than 13 we will either delete this information or seek to obtain verifiable parental consent from the child’s parent or guardian to collect and use that data to provide the child with Quizizz services in the future.
Quiz Comments and User Profiles
Certain activity on Quizizz may be displayed to other users, such as commentary on published quizzes or our blog, or the information on your Quizizz Profile. This information includes your username and public quizzes created by you.
You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from these posts, contact us at contact@quizizz.com.
Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Quizizz uses cookies to test new features and to help Quizizz identify and track visitors, their usage of the Quizizz website, and their website access preferences. Quizizz visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies, but some of the Quizizz website’s features may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Some parts of the Quizizz website contain third-party web beacons (electronic images sometimes called single-pixel gifs) which are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used.
How to Update your Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer want to use Quizizz, you may review, edit, or delete it by visiting Quizizz’ Settings page, found at www.quizizz.com/settings . Parents may remove, delete or update an account or any information concerning their child that is posted on Quizizz by visiting their child’s settings page or by contacting us at contact@quizizz.com.
Data Security
The protection of all of your information is of the utmost importance to Quizizz. While no company can ever guarantee the protection of your personally identifiable information, Quizizz implements industry standard practices and procedures. As new methods of protecting your data become available, Quizizz will introduce additional protections. Quizizz takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Quizizz follows generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure. If you have any questions about Quizizz’s security practices, you can contact us at privacy@quizizz.com. Quizizz reserves the right not to disclose our policies, procedures and the technologies and methods we employ to advance the security of your data so as to safeguard our practices.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@quizizz.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Contact Us
If you have questions or wish to send us comments about this Privacy Policy, please send an email to privacy@quizizz.com, or write us at:
Quizizz Inc.
Santa Monica, CA 90405
Privacy Policy Changes
Quizizz reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make a material change to our practices regarding your personally identifiable information, we will notify, by email, and/ or by means of a notice on our Web site prior to the change becoming effective and seek your consent for those new practices.
