TGI FRIDAYSTm PRIVACY POLICY
TGI Friday’s Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively “Fridays”) are committed to respecting your privacy. We want to make your online and mobile experiences satisfying and safe. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, store and otherwise process information through this website (“Site”) and our mobile application (“mobile application” or “app”) in the United States. We will not use or share your information except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We urge you to read this Privacy Policy so that you understand our commitment to you and your privacy, and how you can participate in that commitment. By using this Site or app, or signing up for Fridays Rewards™ Loyalty Program (“Fridays Rewards”), you acknowledge that you understand and agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
 
CONSENT
Fridays collects information about you in connection with many of our services. When working with us or using our Site or app, you may be prompted to make an account which may hold Personal Information, such as your name, birthdate, mailing address, email address, or credit card information. Prior to collecting information, Fridays will obtain your consent. At any point in time, you can revoke consent and we will cease using and processing your data immediately.
Fridays gives you choices about the ways we collect, use, and share your personal information. You can choose what contact and financial information will be stored in your account and preferences. However, if you choose not to provide certain details, some of your experiences with us may be affected.
 
ACCESS TO UPDATE/DELETE PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have the right to access and limit the use and disclosure of your personal data. Fridays provides you many opportunities to access and update your Personal Information. You can ensure that any account, contact, or financial information is up-to-date and you can correct, update, or delete inaccuracies to the information by logging into your account or contacting Fridays at Contact Us . Fridays will attempt to answer all requests that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete it, provided Fridays is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
 
A NOTE SPECIFIC TO EU DATA SUBJECTS
Any personal information collected about EU data subjects via our Site or mobile app is processed in the United States of America by Fridays or by a third party acting on our behalf. When you provide personal information to Fridays, you consent to the processing of your information in the United States. Our websites are hosted in the United States. If, at any point in time, you wish to know what data we process about you, you can request to access the information by completing the GDPR Contact Us online form .
You have the right to access and limit the use and disclosure of your personal data. Fridays provides you many opportunities to access and update your Personal Information. You can ensure that any account, contact, or financial information is up-to-date and you can correct, update, or delete inaccuracies to the information by logging into your account or completing the GDPR Contact Us online form. Fridays will attempt to answer all requests that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete it, provided Fridays is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes.
In addition, to protect your privacy, we will require you to prove your identity before granting access to, or agreeing to update, correct or delete your Personal Information and we will only implement requests with respect to Personal Information about you (not anyone else).
 
Personal Information
 
Non-personal Information
 
Technical Information
We may also collect Technical Information about visitors to our Site and users of our app, such as the domain type, browser version, service provider, and device type (for mobile) used to access our Site or app. “Technical Information” is information that does not, by itself, identify a specific individual but which could be used to indirectly identify you. Like many other commercial websites, our Site may employ a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how our Site is used and to remember visitors. This information also provides us information about the technical stability of our Site, app and Fridays Rewards™ program, as well as support our customer analytics efforts. When you visit our Site, our Servers send a cookie to your computer or mobile device to help personalize your experience and advertisements. Cookies recognize your web browser but information collected from cookies is not personally identifiable. Some web browsers provide settings that allow you to control or reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer, tablet or mobile device. Although you are not required to accept cookies, if you block or reject them, certain features of our Site will be disabled and you will limit the functionality we can provide when you visit our Site.
For those guests that access our in-store Wi-Fi, we will have access to such guests’ device ID and name, if available.
 
Information Collected about Friends/Family
 
Information Collected from Social Media Applications/Networking Websites
 
Information Collected from Other Sources
Fridays may also collect information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records, improve the quality or personalization of our service to you, and prevent or detect fraud. We work closely with third parties (for example, business partners, service providers, subcontractors, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, fraud protection services) and may receive information about you from them. The following are some examples:
Third-Party Vendors: In order to provide services and improve Fridays’ websites, we may engage the services of third-party vendors. In the process of supplying services to Fridays, these third-party vendors may need to collect Personal Information about you.
Co-branding: Some company websites or services may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you use such websites or services, both Fridays and the other company may receive the Personal Information that Fridays collected via that co-branded website or service.
Public Forums, Blogs and the Customer Reference Program:  Fridays’ websites may feature bulletin boards, blogs or forums. Any Personal Information that you choose to submit via such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages.
Flash LSOs:  We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 and Flash to store content information and preferences. We partner with third parties to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your browsing activity. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.
Log Files:  Log files record website activity on our services and enable us to gather statistics about our users' browsing habits. These entries help Fridays determine (among other things) how many and how often users have accessed or used our services, which pages they've visited, and other similar data.
Clear GIFs:  Clear GIFs, sometimes called "web bugs" or "web beacons," are small electronic images that are placed on a web page or in an email message. We use clear GIFs to monitor user behavior, deliver cookies, collect information, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and to tell if a recipient has opened and acted upon an email.
Information Collected Through FRIDAYS REWARDS®
Guests that join Fridays Rewards will be asked to provide their email address and phone number. We require your email address to communicate with you about earned rewards, program benefits, program changes, and all promotions and offers available to members.
You have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to Fridays Rewards. To update your information or to cancel your account, please visit www.tgifridays.com/rewards .
 
HOW WE USE COLLECTED PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use the information we collect from you for the following purposes:
to perform the task or transaction that you request;
to understand your preferences and history using our Site, mobile application, Fridays Rewards and related services;
to design initiatives to meet those preferences;
to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our Site, mobile application and related services by eliminating online hassles; and
to generally make your guest experience at our restaurants more satisfying (in the case of voluntary surveys, push notifications, and customized messages)
 
SECURITY MEASURES TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Security of all information is of the utmost importance for Fridays. Fridays uses technical and physical safeguards to protect the security of your personal information from unauthorized disclosure. We operate secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems to keep all information secure. We also make all attempts to ensure that only necessary people and third parties have access to personal information. Any particularly sensitive information, such as a customer’s credit card number, is encrypted prior to transmission. Nevertheless, such security measures cannot prevent all loss, misuse, or alteration of personal information and we are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such incidents to the fullest extent permitted by law. In the case of a data breach, we will notify you without delay of any loss, misuse or alteration of personal information that may affect you. We will notify relevant regulatory bodies within 72 hours of a breach.
 
INFORMATION WE DISTRIBUTE OR MAKE ACCESSIBLE TO THIRD PARTIES
We will not provide access to your information other than as described in this Privacy Policy. We will not rent, sell or share information about you other than as described in this Privacy Policy. The information that you provide is collected by Fridays. In the case of links to our gift card site or other sites, the information you voluntarily provide at those sites will only be shared with those service vendors who help Fridays administer those websites or mobile application and the services they provide. In any case, these vendors may use the information only for the purpose of administering the digital or mobile application and its services for Fridays, and are contractually required to protect the information.
We may share your personal and non-personal information or preferences with trusted third parties to operate and improve, or provide any service requested by you, on our digital or mobile application. These third parties only have access to personal information necessary for them to complete their service. We require that our third-party service providers and channel partners agree to keep confidential all information we share with them and to use the information only to perform their obligations in the agreements we have in place with them. These third-party service providers and channel partners are expected to maintain privacy and security protections that are consistent with Fridays’ privacy and information security policies. We may develop and share summary reports for our advertising partners and agencies that contain non-personal aggregate raw numbers or statistics (which means such information will not tell them who it was that stated a preference or clicked an option).
We may be required to disclose personal information to governmental authorities, law enforcement agencies, government agencies or legal entities. If requested as part of a legal proceeding, we will provide this information upon receipt of and in accordance with appropriate documentation. There may be links that will let you leave our digital or mobile application, such as when purchasing a Fridays™ gift card. Except for websites directly related to Fridays programs and services, Fridays cannot control the links or their websites and we are not responsible for the contents of any linked website or any link contained in a linked website. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the website. The use and/or privacy provided by a linked website as to any information you provide in accessing that website is in no way subject to our privacy policy. Any linked website may have its own policy that could differ considerably from our policy, or the linked website may not display any privacy policy at all. In any case, even though a linked website is accessed through our website, we cannot be responsible for any use that a linked website may make of your information.
 
A NOTE REGARDING INTERNATIONAL USERS
 
A NOTE REGARDING BUSINESS TRANSFERS
 
A NOTE REGARDING CHILDREN
 
INQUIRY AND COMPLAINT PROCESS
Fridays commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Information. Customers may contact Fridays with any questions, concerns, or inquiries about this Privacy Policy or data. If you would like to make a formal complaint, please complete the Contact Us online form . EU residents with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact Fridays by completing the GDPR Contact Us online form . All complaints will be evaluated and a reply will be sent as soon as appropriate. In some instances, Fridays may have to cease providing services to you if necessary to satisfy your request.
