Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the www.hos247.com and HOS247 LLC and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to HOS247 LLC include www.hos247.com and HOS 247. The HOS 247 website is an ELD provider site. By using the HOS 247 website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
HOS 247 may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, business name, email address and phone number. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by HOS 247. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the HOS 247 website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through HOS247’s information may be collected and used by others.
HOS 247 encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from HOS 247 so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. HOS 247 is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the HOS 247 website.
Use of your Personal Information
HOS 247 collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
HOS 247 may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from HOS 247 and its affiliates. HOS 247 may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
HOS 247 does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
HOS 247 may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. HOS 247 may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to HOS 247, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
HOS 247 may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within HOS 247, in order to determine what HOS 247 services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within HOS 247 to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
HOS 247 will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on HOS 247 or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of HOS 247; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of HOS 247, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The HOS 247 website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize HOS 247 pages, or register with HOS 247 site or services, a cookie helps HOS 247 to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same HOS 247 website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the HOS 247 features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the HOS 247 services or websites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
HOS 247 secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.
Children Under Thirteen
HOS 247 does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from HOS 247 by contacting us here:
– Web page: www.HOS247.com/contact
Changes to this Statement
HOS 247 will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. HOS 247 encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how HOS 247 is protecting your information.
Contact Information
HOS 247 welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that HOS 247 has not adhered to this Statement, please contact HOS 247 at:
HOS247 LLC
Effective as of September 08, 2016
About Us
HOS 247 ELD solution ensures FMCSA compliance and delivers superior safety and productivity for any fleet. HOS 247 hours of service elogs app and electronic logging device are perfect choice for GPS providers, resellers, small to large fleets and owner-operators.
Statements
San Bruno, CA 94066
