Rasmussen College Website Terms and Conditions
Rasmussen College is pleased to present this website featuring its services available to the public. Although every attempt is made to provide accurate and current information on this site, Rasmussen College provides no warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, timeliness, completeness, merchantability or fitness for any particular purpose of any information contained in this website, produced and provided by Rasmussen College, in any form or manner whatsoever. The terms and conditions referenced here govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full. If you disagree with these terms and conditions, or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
The information and material contained on the Rasmussen College website(s) is protected by copyright and may not be reproduced, retransmitted, modified, sold, incorporated on another website or otherwise reused or published without the express written permission of Rasmussen College, Inc. In short, users of the Rasmussen College website may display the material on their computer screen or equivalent device, and may download and make a single copy of PDF program spotlight sheets and other PDF items for their personal reference only. No other use or reuse is allowed. This does not apply to other websites that may be linked to/from the Rasmussen College website. They are governed by the individual policies of the relevant providers.
Use of this website for commercial purpose or to obtain direct financial gain (e.g. mass marketing) is prohibited.
Interactive messages will not be posted if their content contains material that is: unlawful, harassing, libelous, defamatory, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, profane, sexually oriented, racially offensive, inaccurate or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature or that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation, or that encourages the use of controlled substances. Rasmussen College reserves the right to edit interactive messaging questions for clarity.
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful; or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material that consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including, without limitation, scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without express written consent from Rasmussen College. You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
Rasmussen College requires all students, staff and faculty to respect the rights of copyright holders and to comply with federal copyright law. The unauthorized distribution of copyrighted material, including unauthorized peer-to-peer file sharing and illegal downloading using Rasmussen College computers and/or networks is strictly prohibited. Copyright violations of any kind could subject the offender to criminal and civil penalties, and may result in the loss of information technology privileges or other penalties under the College’s academic misconduct policy. Under current copyright law, criminal cases of copyright violation carry a penalty of up to five (5) years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Civil penalties for copyright infringement include a minimum fine of $750 for each work. For more information on copyright, please see http://www.copyright.gov and http://www.copyright.gov/circs/circ01.pdf .
Students, employees and guests using Rasmussen College networks to access the Internet are prohibited from viewing inappropriate material or visiting sites that have been identified as facilitating the violation of copyright/intellectual property protections or other suspicious/illegal activity. Prohibited material could include pornographic images and illegal file-sharing programs (such as the illegal downloading and sharing of music). Violations will result in the loss of network use privileges and possibly other penalties, up to and including dismissal.
If you do not agree with any portion of this policy, you have the right to exit and not continue the session. However, if you do continue to remain on this site, you IMPLICITLY CONSENT to this policy.
Keeping Your Information Confidential
We use the information you provide about yourself to complete the transaction for which the information is intended. Such transactions may include but are not limited to:
Ordering high school seminars and promotional items
Requesting transcripts
Answering questions
Sharing news and information via opt-in mail groups
From time to time, we also use the information you provide about yourself or others to inform you of news, updates and upgrades at Rasmussen College. (For example, new program offerings, increased class schedule options, technology updates and more.)
This website does, however, use cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to Rasmussen College, Inc.’s use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy. Any future changes to this policy will be posted here.
We do not share your personally identifiable information with outside parties without your permission or unless legally required. However, we and/or our advertising partners may use data collected on this site for online behavioral advertising purposes (e.g., to customize ads to you on other websites as you browse the web). You can choose whether you want this information to be collected, and your access to our site will not be affected if you do not accept cookies served by third parties.
If you would like to learn more about your option not to accept advertiser cookies, please click here .
If you would like to opt out of having interest-based ad targeting, click here .
Questions about our web policies?—Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding our website usage policies, please email us at  marketing@rasmussen.edu .
Receive Program, Financial Aid, and Student Support Info
Personalized financial aid
Customized support services
Detailed program plan
Why do we ask this?
We value your privacy and will never share your number with any third parties. One of our experienced program managers will get in touch to make sure you get the personalized information you need, and to answer any questions you may have.
Email
What would you like to study?
The program you have selected is not available in your area. Please select another program of interest.
By requesting information, I authorize Rasmussen College to contact me by email, phone or text message at the number provided. There is no obligation to enroll.
Receive Personalized Information Today Learn More About Our Nursing Programs Learn More About Our Admissions Process Learn More About our Financial Aid Process Learn More About Your Program of Interest Learn More About Rasmussen College
Personalized financial aid
Customized support services
Detailed program plan
Meet the Dean of Nursing
Enrollment application
Ask us a question about the financial aid process:
Ask us a question about your program of interest:
Ask us a question about Rasmussen College:
Learn more about the degrees we offer that match up with your career results.
Comments
Characters remaining: 150
We’d love to help you navigate your future in Nursing! Fill out this form and we will be in touch shortly to answer your questions and help you better understand how Rasmussen College can help you achieve your goals. There is no obligation to enroll.
We'd love to help you through the admissions process. Fill out the form and we will be in touch shortly to get your questions answered so you can better understand how Rasmussen College can help you achieve your goals. There is no obligation to enroll.
We'd love to help you through the financial aid process. Fill out the form and we will be in touch shortly to get your questions answered so you can better understand how Rasmussen College can help you achieve your goals. There is no obligation to enroll.
We'd love to help you learn more about your program of interest. Fill out the form and we will be in touch shortly to get your questions answered so you can better understand how Rasmussen College can help you achieve your goals. There is no obligation to enroll.
We'd love to help answer any question you may have. Fill out the form and we will be in touch shortly so you can better understand how Rasmussen College can help you achieve your goals. There is no obligation to enroll.
How may we contact you?
Please complete all fields
I'm interested in...
Program of Interest
Degree Level Desired
Preferred Campus
The program you have selected is not available in your area. Please select another program of interest.
By requesting information, I authorize Rasmussen College to contact me by email, phone or text message at the number provided. There is no obligation to enroll.
