Privacy Protection
The RDW Group, Inc. (RDW) an independent communications and software development agency respects individual privacy and is committed to protecting privacy. Any private information RDW may obtain is handled in a manner consistent with the laws of the states and countries in which we do business. RDW has a tradition of upholding the highest ethical standards in its business practices. This Privacy Policy explains the what, how and why of the information we collect when you visit one of our websites or use our services and explains the specifics of how we may use that information for legitimate businesses purposes and includes our privacy policy applicable to U.S. residents, those from the European Union (EU) and globally. It is intended to promote transparency and provide easy-to-understand, clear communication to those who visit our websites, use our services, and communicate with us.
Information We Collect
Information that you voluntarily provide. RDW’s websites have functionality that allows interested parties to voluntarily provide certain limited personal information. When you sign up to be contacted by RDW, complete our “Let’s Talk” form, consult with us, send us an email or communicate with us in any way, you’re voluntarily providing the personally identifiable information you share with us that we collect. That information could include your name, physical address, telephone number, email address, IP address, and details about your inquiry, place of employment, job title, and other demographic information. By providing this information, you consent to it being collected, used, disclosed and stored by us as described by this Privacy Policy. RDW does not disclose personal information to non-agent third parties. RDW does not ask for, nor is there any way for us to obtain financial information including, credit card numbers, bank account numbers or any other type of financial information over our websites. RDW does not ask for, nor is there any way for us to obtain social security numbers or benefits, information about race, ethnic origin, religious beliefs, trade union membership, political affiliation, political opinions, or medical information over our websites.
Website usage information that we automatically collect. RDW tracks usage on our websites by IP address but this information is not tied to the voluntary personal information a user may provide. RDW tracks usage by operating system, web browser, device, IP address, and other information about how you navigated and used our websites simply for internal use to understand usage and improve our websites’ performance and usability. Notwithstanding, RDW uses IP address anonymizing technology through third-party software Google Analytics such that specific addresses are not collected and identifiable.
Cookies. Cookies are small data files that are placed on your device when you visit a pixeled page on a website. They are widely used to enhance the performance of websites, provide reporting information, and, sometimes, to serve information about RDW and our services that is relevant and useful to you.  They can be used to tailor content and information that we may display to you as you browse other sites and networks of sites on the Internet. When you visit our site for the first time, you are served our cookie policy and provided the opportunity to accept or reject cookies. Cookies are separated into different classifications:
    Website Functionality Cookies. These are used to enhance the performance and function on our site. Without these, certain functionality may become unavailable.
    Reporting, Analytics, Customization Cookies. These collect information to help us make sense of how our website is being used, which pages may be in need of updating, and more. They also help us understand how visitors are coming to our website, the effectiveness of any marketing tactics we might deploy from time to time, or to help us customize our website for you.
    Advertising, Retargeting Cookies. These are used to enable us to show you advertisements or content more relevant to your interests and tailored to you.
You have the right to accept or reject cookies. You can set your browser controls to accept or reject cookies and you can still use our website (though some functionality may be impacted). You can also disable advertisements at the advertising network level by opting out. Networks vary but, for example, you may see an “Ad Choices” clickable button that provides this functionality. There are other Do Not Track functionality options that exist on certain web browsers.
RDW also builds web sites for clients. In some cases when requested to do so by our clients RDW has access to and does record and track personal information on our client’s websites as a processor of data. This work is generally limited to tracking web site usage to improve web site usability. When working on behalf of our clients RDW operates in accordance with the relevant customer’s privacy policies. In these cases RDW is acting solely as a data processor and our customers remain the data controller. In these cases RDW will use this personal information solely as directed by our clients and in most cases only to improve our client’s web site’s performance and usability.
How We Use Information
We use your personal information only for the following purposes:
To promote our services to you.
To send you information and content as you specify. You can stop receiving information and emails at any time by following the simple unsubscribe instructions.
To send you information about our services or other industry relevant information that we feel is relevant and helpful to your business.
To comply with applicable laws, accounting, or security requirements or to meet legal requirements, or prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding
To respond to lawful requests made by authorities.
Conditions of Use, Policies, and Revisions
If an individual chooses to visit RDW’s websites, their online visit is subject to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. In particular this Privacy policy will be amended to comply with requirements of the relevant U.S. and/or EU privacy laws such as the GDPR. The latest version of this Privacy Policy will be posted on our web site. Continued use of the website constitutes acceptance of such changes in the Privacy Policy, except where further steps are required by applicable law.
External Links
The RDW websites may contain links to third party web sites. RDW is not responsible for the privacy practices of these sites and recommends visitors read the privacy statements of each third party website they may visit.
Retention of Personally Identifiable Information
We keep your personally identifiable information for no longer than necessary for the purposes for which it was collected and processed. That length of time depends on the purposes for its collection and use and/or as required to comply with applicable laws.
Opt In, Opt Out, Access, Correction and Choice
Upon request RDW will grant individuals reasonable access to personal information that it holds about them. In addition, RDW will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend or delete information that is inaccurate or incomplete. RDW uses an opt in approach offering website visitors the ability to opt in to receiving specific communications and/or content. Individuals may also opt out. In order to avail oneself of opt out, access or correction an individual must simply contact the RDW Privacy Officer who’s contact information appears below.
RDW does not disclose personal information to non-agent third parties. If this policy were to change RDW would provide individuals with the opportunity to choose (opt out) whether their personal information is to be disclosed to a non-agent third party.
In the event that RDW sends an email communication on our behalf, the email will have clear instructions on how to unsubscribe from future communications. You can unsubscribe or update your subscription preferences at any time by:
Clicking either the Unsubscribe or Email preferences link at the bottom of one of our emails and following the instructions provided.
Emailing your request to info@rdwgroup.com
Data Integrity
RDW will use personal information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. RDW will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete and current.
Security Statement
Along with privacy, security is of utmost importance at RDW. Therefore, substantial investments have been made in RDW’s technology platform. The Internet is not a 100% secure environment and we cannot guarantee the security of all information, as there is some risk an unauthorized third party may find a way to circumvent systems or that your information transmitted may be intercepted. RDW continues to upgrade these capabilities to ensure our commitment to the security of the data we maintain.
Regular Privacy Compliance Assessment
RDW conducts an annual assessment of its relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Privacy Policy. Any employee that RDW determines is in violation of this policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination.
Limitation on Applicable Principals
Adherence by RDW to this Privacy Policy and applicable U.S. and EU frameworks may be limited (a) to the extent required to respond to a legal or law enforcement obligations; (b) to the extent necessary to meet national security interest; (c) to the extent expressly permitted by an applicable law, rule or regulation.
Questions, Suggestions and Information
If any interested party has questions, suggestions or would like more information regarding our privacy policy, please contact the RDW Privacy Officer:
RDW Privacy Officer
