Last Updated: May 24, 2018
We at Eltechs, Inc. (“Eltechs”, “we”, “us”, “our”) know that our users (“you”, “your”) care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes how we collect and use the personal information you provide on our Website: eltechs.com . Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using the Website or Products in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy and you hereby give your consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways. Any capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meaning given to them in the Eltechs’ Terms of Use.
Protecting your privacy is really important to us. With this in mind, we’re providing this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive through our Services. When we say “Services” in this Privacy Policy, we mean our website located at eltechs.com (the “Website”), our mobile device application (the “App”), and our ExaGear Desktop suite of software products available for use via the Apps or via installation on any types computers (collectively, the “Products”). This Privacy Policy applies to only those websites, products, services and applications included within the Services and does not apply to any third-party websites, products, services or applications, even if they are accessible through our Services.
Revisions To This Privacy Policy
Any information that is collected via our Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “Last Updated Date” above to indicate when those changes will become effective.
Collection And Use Of Information
What Information We Collect from You
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to administer your use of the Services, and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.
Registration Information. If you create an account in connection with your use of any of the Services (“Account”), either through our Site or when you set up and register one of our Products, we’ll collect certain information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number and credit card information (“PII”). If you create an Account using your login credentials from one of your accounts with certain third-party social networking services such as Facebook or Twitter (each, an “SNS Account”), we’ll be able to access and collect your name and email address and other PII that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access. If you create an Account, we may also collect other information that is not considered PII because it cannot be used by itself to identify you.
Payment Information. When you purchase the Services, we will also collect transaction information, which may include your credit card information, billing and mailing address, and other payment-related information. We describe how Payment Information may be collected and processed in the “Payment Information” section of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected Using Cookies and other Web Technologies. Like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as Cookies and Web Beacons to collect certain information.
“Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your hard drive by a Web server when you access our Services. We may use both session Cookies and persistent Cookies to automatically collect information on how you interact with our Services, such as the IP address from which you access the Services, date and time of your interaction, information about your browser, operating system, and your device, pages viewed and items clicked and identify that you’ve logged in to the Services. We may also collect location information, including location information automatically provided by your device. We use cookies and similar technologies to collect some of this information. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy .
We may also use Cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our Services and to customize and improve our Services. Unlike persistent Cookies, session Cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept Cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting Cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept Cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services. Some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party analytics services) may also place their own Cookies on your hard drive.
“Web Beacons” (also known as Web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with Cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike Cookies, which are stored on the user’s hard drive, Web Beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).
Information Related to Use of the Services. Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we refer to this information as “Log Data”), including both Account holders and non-Account holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our Services that a User clicked on and other statistics. We use Log Data to administer the Services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) Log Data to improve, customize and enhance our Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our Users’ needs and preferences. We may use a person’s IP address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.
Information Sent by Your Mobile Device. We may collect certain information that your mobile device sends when you use our Services, like a mobile device identifier, user settings and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our Services.
Location Information. When you use our Services, our third-party services providers (such as Google Analytics) may collect and provide us with information about your location by converting your IP address into a rough geolocation. We may use this location information to improve and personalize our Services for you.
Third Party Platforms.  We use side third party services to provide you with the best experience on our website and to offer you the most appropriate and useful content. To reach this goal we need to use third-party services which on their side collect the data to help us reach the goals mentioned above. Among such services the main ones are 9but not limited to)
Google Analytics services (to collect the data mentioned in previous points of this chapter)
Social network services, provided by social networks – Facebook, Twitter, Youtube. Google Plus, etc. (to track events such as “Likes”, profile information gathered from social networking sites or the fact that you viewed or interacted with our content)
Mailing services, such as SUMO or Mailbalst (to make up an e-mail communication and keep you in touch with our updates)
Other Data. We may collect other information which is not listed here and may use any this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or whatever you give us your consent for.
How We Use the Information Collected
We use the information we collect from all of our services to provide, maintain, protect and improve them, to develop new ones, and to protect Eltechs and our users. We also use this information to offer you tailored content – like releasing for you more relevant and useful articles and tutorials.
We may use the name you provide for your account across all of the services we offer (such as the forum) that require this account.
When you contact Eltechs, we keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements.
We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags:
To improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. One of the products we use to do this on our own services is Google Analytics. For example, by saving your language preferences, we’ll be able to have our services appear in the language you prefer.
To deliver you advertising, including by serving and managing ads on the Offerings or on third party sites and to tailor ads based on your interests and browsing history. Please, see “User Rights” Section for additional information on how to manage the ads you see. When showing you tailored ads, we will not associate an identifier from cookies or similar technologies with sensitive categories, such as those based on race, religion, sexual orientation or health.
We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.
Information that We Share with Third Parties
We do not sell, trade, share or transfer your personal information to third parties except in the following limited circumstances, described below:
Information Shared with Our Services Providers (сorrectd). We may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the Services. Currently, we have to share the information with our third-party service providers, which are eligible data processors to provide your PII with the privacy in strict accordance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation, for the purposes of carrying on online payments, managing the e-mail newsletter subscription and analyzing the visitors’ behavior on our website. You have the right to manage your data collected via this website, including the right to withdraw it, correct and require to completely delete it (see the “User Rights” Section).
Information Disclosed in Connection with Business Transactions. Information that we collect from our users, including PII, is considered to be a business asset. Thus, if we are acquired by a third-party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third-party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your PII, may be disclosed or transferred to a third-party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third-party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Payment Information
When you make a purchase of our products, any credit card information you provide as part of your Payment Information is collected and processed directly by our payment processors Stripe and Paymentwall through their checkout service. We never receive or store your full credit card information. Both Stripe and Paymentwall commit to complying with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) and using industry standard security. The payment processors mentioned may use your Payment Information in accordance with their own Privacy Policy here:
Other Access to or Disclosure of Your Information
Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “Third-party Service”). This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by us. Even if the Third-party Services are affiliated with us, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third party. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy policies of such third parties to determine how they handle any information they separately collect from you. Please, be aware that we do not warn you when you choose to click through to another website when using our Services.
Our Services contains features that enable you to post reviews, comments or other content that is publicly viewable. You should be aware that any personal information you submit as part of those posts can be read, collected, or used by other visitors to the Website, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to publicly post on our Website.
User Rights
In accordance with the new European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2018 we provide you with the following:
Notification any time your personal information is collected on our website.
Inform you what information and for what reason is being collected.
Get access to all the data collected.
Do not collect or process any data if you restrict us from this.
Provide you with an opportunity to rectify your data collected in case it is inaccurate or incomplete.
Delete all the gained information upon your request.
Provide you with the portability of your data – the way you can reuse it for some other services.
We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your PII and we’ll respect the choices you make. Please, note that if you decide not to provide us with the PII that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the Services.
E-mails
By providing your e-mail for particular purposes on our website via e-mail subscription forms we are to send you only the messages, dedicated to that particular topic. You are free to choose the level of your informational subscription by ticking additional options offered within the subscription forms.
When you receive any promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” (either through your Account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications – e.g., communications regarding updates to this Privacy Policy or information about billing.
Managing Your Information
You can access, modify, rectify or  get for repurposing or claim a complete deletion of the PII associated with your Account by sending an email with a request to info@eltechs.com or through the settings feature on your Account profile (if and when available). We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
When you use the Offerings, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information upon your request and either provide you the means to correct this information if it is inaccurate or to delete such information at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. You may access, review, correct, update, change or delete your information at any time. To do so, please contact us at team@intercom.com with your name and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed, or if you are using the Service, sign in to your account, go to your profile, and make the desired changes. We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), jeopardize the privacy of others, would be extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort.
Please note that if you cease using the Service or we terminate your access to the Service in accordance with your Customer Agreement, you may no longer have the ability to access or update your information.
We may retain your information as necessary to support the Offerings, comply with our legal obligations or resolve disputes. Note that content you post may remain on the Offerings even if you cease using the Offerings or we terminate your access to the Offerings.
Blocking Cookies
You can remove or block certain cookies using the settings in your browser but the Offerings may cease to function properly if you do so. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy .
Responding To Do Not Track Signals
Our Website does not have the capability to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from various web browsers. We use third-party service providers like Google Analytics and Adjust for tracking purposes. You can read more about how Google uses your information via Google Analytics here – www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ .
Security
We treat your personal information with a high level of responsibility. We maintain a variety of appropriate technical and organizational safeguards to protect your personal information.
We limit access to personal information about you to employees.
We have implemented reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect the personal information of our users and the Website visitors.
Therefore, while we do our best to use reasonable efforts for protecting your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
International Transfer
We may from time to time transfer your personal information to other countries outside the United States and make it accessible to our parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and third party service providers internationally. We will protect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed.
We obey and meet the new GDPR requirements, thus we are to provide your PII with the Privacy in accordance to the latest GDPR 2018 requirements not depending on what country and of what jurisdiction the data is collected and stored.
Our Policy Toward Children
Our Services are not directed to children under 16 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible. If you are a parent or legal guardian of a child under 16 and believe that we might have any information from or about such child, please contact us at the email provided at the end of this Privacy Policy.
Questions?
Please contact us at info@eltechs.com if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy.
