Section A. Introduction
Thank you for visiting the Washington State University Web site and reviewing our Privacy Notice. This statement addresses collection, use, security of, and access to information that may be obtained through use of Washington State University’s Web site. This notice covers the following topics:
Information collected if you only browse this site.
If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the Web site, read pages, or download information, we may gather and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store the following information about your visit on some of our web pages:
The Internet domain and IP address used to access this site. The Internet domain is the portal through which you access the Internet, such as AOL if you are an AOL user, “xcompany.com” if you use a private Internet access account, or “yourschool.edu” if you connect through a school. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer whenever you are using the Internet;
The type of browser and operating system used;
The date and time;
The pages you visit; and
The last Web site you visited before coming to Washington State University’s web site.
If Washington State University uses any of the information it automatically collects, it does so only to improve the content of our Web services. Washington State University analyzes this information/the web site logs to determine how our Web site is being used so that we may continually improve the site’s usefulness to the public.
What we collect if you volunteer information.
If during your visit to our Web site you participate in a survey, send an electronic mail message, or perform some other transaction online, the following additional information will be collected:
The electronic mail address and contents of electronic mail, for those who communicate with us via electronic mail;
Information volunteered in response to a survey; and
Information volunteered through an online form for any other purpose.
The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats that you send us.
We may use electronic mail you send us to respond to you as needed, to address issues you may identify, to further improve our Web site, or to forward the electronic mail to WSU department or another public agency for appropriate action. Survey information is used for official university business described on survey web pages. Information from other online forms is used for only official university business or for purposes expressly stated on the forms.
You may choose whether to provide personal information online.
“Personal information” is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual’s name, address, and telephone number and does not include the users domain name or IP address.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us by sending us electronic mail, participating in a survey, or completing an online form. You may choose not to contact us by electronic mail, participate in a survey, or to provide any personal information using an online form. Your choice not to participate in these activities will not impair your ability to browse Washington State University’s Web site and read or download information provided on the site.
If personal information is requested on the Web site or volunteered by the user, state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is a public record once you provide it and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by federal or state law.
If you believe that your personal/private information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact the University Public Records Officer as shown in the Contact Information Section of this statement.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested or volunteered by children online or by electronic mail will be treated the same as information given by an adult and may be subject to public access.
Section D. Public Access to Information
In the state of Washington, laws exist to ensure that government is open and the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by state government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the public’s right to access public records that serve various needs, including the privacy of individuals. Exceptions are provided by both state and federal laws.
All of the information collected at this site is considered public information and may be subject to inspection and copying by members of the public. RCW 42.17.260(1) states that:
Each agency, in accordance with published rules, shall make available for public inspection and copying all public records, unless the record falls within the specific exemptions of subsection (6) of this section [RCW 42.17.260(6)], RCW 42.17.310, 42.17.315, or other statute which exempts or prohibits disclosure of specific information or records. To the extent required to prevent an unreasonable invasion of personal privacy interests protected by RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315, an agency shall delete identifying details in a manner consistent with RCW 42.17.310 and 42.17.315 when it makes available or publishes any public record; however, in each case, the justification for the deletion shall be explained fully in writing.
In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Notice and the Public Records Act, the Public Records Act provision will control.
Section E. Public Access to Your Personal/ Private Information
Washington State University may require you to provide certain personal/private information in order to complete official university business transactions over the Internet. You may choose not to provide this information, but if you choose not to provide it we will be unable to complete an online transaction, and you will have to complete the transaction by some other means (such as in person, via email, or over the telephone).
The following laws may prevent Washington State University from disclosing the personal/private information about you except as necessary for (purpose and to whom) the completion of official university business.
State law requires agencies that collect personally identifiable information to provide “procedures for correcting inaccurate information, including establishing mechanisms for individuals to review information about them and recommend changes in information they believe to be inaccurate.” (RCW 43.105.310)
You can access any personally identifiable information we collect about you by contacting the University Public Records Officer . You may correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by submitting an electronic mail or written request that credibly shows the error. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Section G. Cookies and applets
To better serve our users we may use “cookies” to customize your browsing experience with Washington State University. Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your web browser. Cookies created on your computer by using this Web site do not compromise your privacy or security.
Applets are tools downloaded to your computer to work with the software you have. Applets are intended to enhance your browsing experience by enabling you to view information in a unique manner or enable access to information that your computer would otherwise be unable to access without the applet.
Several of the most recent versions of browser software can notify you before a Web site places a cookie or applet on your computer. Some browsers will allow you to block the creation of cookie files and downloading of applets altogether if you choose, or provide the option of individually accepting or rejecting any particular cookie or applet request. You also may want to periodically check and delete cookie files and applets in the manner suitable for the browser you are using. Instructions to enable these features may be found in your browser’s Help menu.
You must allow your browser to accept cookies to be able to use certain WSU online systems. If you disable cookies or run a ‘cookie cruncher’ on your client computer, you will get errors when trying to use applications that use cookies.
Washington State University, as developer and manager of these Web sites, has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its data and prevent unauthorized access to information maintained by Washington State University. These measures are designed and intended to prevent corruption of data, block unknown or unauthorized access to our systems and information, and to provide reasonable protection of private information in our possession.
This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via Washington State University Web sites.
Neither the state of Washington, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the state of Washington warrants the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information published by this system nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity who relies on any information obtained from this system does so at their own risk.
Section J. Washington State University Contact Information
To review or correct your personal information, or for information about its collection and use, contact:
Public Records Officer
PO Box 641045
Washington State University
Pullman, WA 99164-1045
WSU Web Team
