 
This privacy notice applies only to the Indiana University (http://www.indiana.edu/~gis) and explains our practices concerning the collection, use, and disclosure of visitor information. Visitor information collected by Indiana University will be used only as outlined in this privacy notice.
Other units at the university may collect and use visitor information in different ways. Therefore, visitors to other university web sites should review the privacy notices for the particular sites they visit. Indiana University is not responsible for the content of other web sites or for the privacy practices of web sites outside the scope of this notice.
Changes
Because Internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly, Indiana University may make appropriate changes to this notice in the future. Any such changes will be consistent with our commitment to respecting visitor privacy, and will be clearly posted in a revised privacy notice.
Collection and Use
Passive/Automatic Collection
When you view pages on our site, the web server automatically collects certain technical information from your computer and about your connection.
This web site is hosted on Webserve , a shared web hosting environment provided by IU's University Information Technology Services. For more information about privacy practices related to Webserve, read the Webserve Privacy Notice Supplement .
In addition to any information collected by Webserve, our server and/or site does not collect any technical information from your computer or about your connection.
Continued use of our web site indicates consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice.
This technical information is not retained or utilized.
Information Sharing
We do not share any aggregate, non-personally-identifiable information with other entities or organizations.
We do not share any personally-identifiable information with other entities or organizations, except when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our web site and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our web site.
Except as described above, we will not share any information with any party for any reason.
Except as provided in the Disclosure of Information section below, we do not attempt to use the technical information discussed in this section to identify individual visitors.
Active/Manual/Voluntary Collection
We will not attempt to collect any information from you through the use of forms or other type of manual input.
Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that is written to your hard drive that contains information about your visit to a web page. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser to not accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages/sites may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.
Our site does not use cookies to store information about your actions or choices on pages associated with our site.
Children
This site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children's Internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal information online.
Use of Third Party Services
Our web site does not utilize any types of services provided by third parties.
Disclosure of Information
We may share some aggregate information with other appropriate university personnel and units to ensure the quality, functionality, and security of our web site/application.
Any other disclosure — with appropriate external parties such as law enforcement agencies — will be done in accordance with all applicable laws and university policies in order to investigate and respond to suspected violations of law or university policy.
Security
Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While we are committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to University web sites, and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your information, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the data being stored to maintain the security of that information on our systems.
In addition, we will comply with all applicable Federal, State and local laws regarding the privacy and security of visitor information.
Privacy Notice Changes
From time to time, we may use visitor information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice.
Contact Information
If you feel that this site is not following its stated policy and communicating with the owner of this site does not resolve the matter, or if you have general questions or concerns about privacy or information technology policy at Indiana University, please contact the University Information Policy Office, 812-855-UIPO, uipo@iu.edu.
