Our website uses cookies to improve its performance and enhance your user experience. Through cookies, certain personal data is collected and may be stored temporarily. You can change your cookie settings through your browser. More info: Privacy Policy
Federal State Unitary Enterprise Rossiya Segodnya International Information Agency (hereinafter – "Rossiya Segodnya", "we", "us"), registered at 4/1,2,3 Zubovsky Blvd., 119021 Russia, attaches great importance to protecting your privacy.
Accordingly, Rossiya Segodnya undertakes to abide by the legal requirements and the existing norms relating to data privacy as per Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union from April 27, 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation, GDPR).
This Privacy Policy is designed to inform you of our actions to collect, process and use personal data you transfer to us when using this website.
Please note that the servers storing the data we collect on the website are located in Russia. The European Commission has yet to determine whether Russia offers an adequate level of data protection. However, we are engaged in an ongoing effort to improve existing security systems in order to offer adequate protection for your data.
Please note that this website may contain links to websites of other service providers that we do not control and that are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Please take the time to carefully read this document in order to be informed of and understand the steps we take to process and protect your personal data, and how you can exercise your rights related to the processing of your personal data.
2. Types of information we collect
2.1. Automated collection and processing of non-personally identifiable information
2.1.1. Automated log
Just as most other websites, our web servers and security systems store some temporary technical data in their log files from time to time. This data is never used for identifying individuals. We do not merge this data with other data, transfer it or create personal user profiles. The processing of this data is intended solely for using the website (setting up connections, ensuring normal operation, enabling administration and providing security), as well as for statistical purposes in order to improve the website and make it more user friendly. This data includes, in particular:
- the IP address of your computer/device;
- the requested content (name and URL of the requested file on our website);
- the date and time of the request;
- time zone offset to GMT;
- connection status;
-  technical specifications of the device, including language, browser version and operating system of your computer/device;
- referral website URL, if the website was accessed via a link.
- Device ID*, a unique number we generate when you install our mobile app on your smartphone or tablet, based on installation data and the type of the device used. 
* This information is only collected when you use our mobile app for Android or iOS
We do not generally store this data for more than 12 months, although this term may be extended if required by Russian or EU laws. Since ceasing to process this data would make it impossible for us to ensure adequate operation of the website and data security, the only way for you to refrain from transferring this data to us is to stop using the website.
2.1.2. Cookies
Cookie files are among the technologies we use to collect information and improve content quality. A cookie is a small text file stored on the device (computer, tablet, smartphone, etc.) containing information on your browsing activity.
This data is never used to identify individuals. This data is processed for improving website operation, producing better content and for advertising purposes. These purposes are achieved by analyzing statistical data, for example, evaluating user behavior patterns. This data includes, in particular:
- the IP address of your computer/device;
- the requested content (name and URL of the requested file on our website);
- the date and time of the request;
- time zone offset to GMT;
- connection status;
- technical specifications of the device, including language, browser version and operating system of your computer/device;
- referral website URL, if the website was accessed via a link, as well as the search query if the website was accessed through a browser;
- your personal website settings;
- timestamp of your first visit, last visit and last session;
- name of your internet provider.
Some cookie files are automatically deleted from your device when you close the browser, while others are deleted after a specified period of time. Depending on the type of the cookie file, this time may vary from 30 minutes to 13 months.
You may use our website without cookie files. In most browsers cookies are stored by default. However, you can use your browser settings to disable cookies or set up a notification to pop up every time a cookie file is stored by your browser. You also have the option to delete cookies stored by your computer/device at any time, using the browser settings. For more information on enabling, disabling, viewing and deleting cookies please check your browser settings or online support for your browser.
Importantly, disabling cookie files may limit the functionality of our website.
For purposes set out in this Section 2.1.2. we may also use third party services on our website which may record and analyze cookies as well as other technical information about your device. We request that our partners treat user data with due care and work only with companies with an appropriate reputation. Below you will find a list of third-party services we may use on our website. Please take the time to read the descriptions of these services on their respective websites, using the links provided below. You can also disable the collection of cookies and technical information about your device for these websites:
* This service is only used when you use our mobile app for Android or iOS 
2.2. Data we collect which can be used to identify individuals
2.2.1. Registration, comments, evaluation and other use of website materials
a) When registering as a user on our website you create a personal user account in order to be able to post comments on the website. During registration, you are asked to provide your personal data to us, including your screen name (a nickname is acceptable) and e-mail. Before processing this data we always ask for your consent. You will be asked to express your consent when filling out the registration form on our website. You may provide additional information about yourself in the user settings of your account.
Data storage period expires once the purposes for which the data was collected are achieved. If your user account is not activated within 13 months, the personal data collected from you is deleted. You can delete this personal data yourself by clicking Delete Account in your account settings on our website. We never transfer this data to third parties.
If you post comments on our website, we collect and store your comments, even though we are not legally bound to do so. If you delete your account, we keep your comments for information purposes. In accordance with the Community Standards for our website, you can delete any of your comments yourself.
b) For your convenience, our website uses social media plugins. You can use one of your social media accounts to register and log in to the website, as well as to post comments and interact with the website content. When you log in using a social media account, we collect some data from your account. This data may vary depending on your privacy settings on a specific social media website. The complete list of data our website can access is limited to your first name, last name, profile picture, date of birth, gender, e-mail, and the list of your subscriptions. We use this data solely for identification and to provide a user-friendly experience.
Please note that we create a local user account on our website when your register using social media plugins. You can delete this account yourself by clicking Delete Account in your account settings on our website. We never transfer this data to third parties.
We do not use social media login to obtain information on user behavior, we only use it to improve our service and enable you to communicate directly with your friends and acquaintances, share articles and other materials you find on our website via social media.
At the same time, social media platforms may collect data for their own purposes in a way that we are unable to control. Please note that these websites have their own privacy policies, and we are not responsible for the way these websites use information obtained when you click on the corresponding links. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the latest version of the Privacy Policy on each of the social media platforms you use.
2.2.2. Feedback
We provide feedback options to enable you to contact us regarding the content of articles published on the website or any other matters.
a) You can contact us by sending a message to one of the e-mail addresses listed on the website. In this case we will process your personal data, including the name you provide, your e-mail address and other data, but only if this is required to address the purpose of your query. We consider that by contacting us in this way you grant us consent to process your personal data for the purpose of addressing your query.
b) You can use the feedback form available on the website. In order for us to be able to process your personal data, you will need to provide your consent when filling out the form. We will get in touch with you using the personal data provided in the form. We will use only the data needed to address the purpose of your query.
As a general rule, we stop processing data of this kind once the matter you raised in your submission is addressed.
2.2.3. Request for information about our products and services
We offer a broad range of information services to our users and clients. We may publish special forms on our websites for collecting your personal data so that we can get in touch with you as part of pre-contractual relations, including previews of our products and services, creating thematic mailing lists, as well as planning potential contract negotiations. When you fill out such forms, we collect your first and last name, e-mail, company name and website, telephone number and your country of residence or registration. In order for us to be able to process your personal data you need to grant consent when filling out the feedback form.
As a general rule, we stop processing data of this kind once the matter you raised in your submission is addressed.
3. Provision of data to third parties 
Personal data collected when using the website shall not be transferred to third parties without your consent, except in cases set out in this Privacy Policy.
The provision in the first paragraph of this section 3 shall not apply to cases when personal data is provided to government bodies, law enforcement agencies, as well as individuals under the law or government act, or as part of civil or criminal proceedings regarding the infringement of our legitimate interests.
4. What are your rights and how can you exercise them?
According to the General Data Protection Regulation, you have the right to access, modify or prohibit the processing of your data collected by Rossiya Segodnya. You may request that we delete such data. If you have provided consent to the use of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time.
In order to exercise your rights, you can contact us by e-mail at privacy@sputniknews.com or send us a letter (4/1,2,3 Zubovsky Blvd., Moscow 119021, Russia, Rossiya Segodnya).
It is important to understand that in order to fulfill any request to modify the way we process your personal data, we need to be able to identify you. A copy of your ID bearing the signature of the holder and the reply address must therefore be attached to all requests to exercise such rights.
If you believe that we are violating your rights when processing your confidential personal data, you can file a complaint with the relevant privacy supervision authority.
5. Data security
Personal data that we collect and store are considered to be confidential information. They are protected against loss, alteration or unsanctioned access. To ensure this we use relevant technical and administrative means. We are engaged in an ongoing effort to improve our data protection system.
It is your responsibility to safeguard the password to your account on our website which we provide to you. You must keep this password secret and never share it with anyone.
6. Amending the Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend our Privacy Policy at any time. For example, amendments could be introduced as we develop and improve our website or due to changes in legislation. We ask you to regularly review all updates to our Privacy Policy.
7. Contacts
If you have any questions related to this Privacy Policy, feel free to contact us by e-mail at privacy@sputniknews.com .
Last updated: June 2018
Register
E-mail:
I agree to the processing of my personal data for the purpose of creating a personal account on this site, in compliance with the Privacy Policy
Register
* All fields are required
Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
We are committed to protecting your personal information and we have updated our Privacy Policy to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), a new EU regulation that went into effect on May 25, 2018.
Please review our Privacy Policy . It contains details about the types of data we collect, how we use it, and your data protection rights.
Since you already shared your personal data with us when you created your personal account, to continue using it, please check the box below:
I agree to the processing of my personal data for the purpose of creating a personal account on this site, in compliance with the Privacy Policy.
If you do not want us to continue processing your data, please click here to delete your account.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: privacy@sputniknews.com .
Next
Community standards
The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules.
Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts.
The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content.
In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited.
A user comment will be deleted if it:
does not correspond with the subject of the post;
promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities;
violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage;
contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities;
contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations;
contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik;
violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence;
describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals;
contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide;
pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information;
promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization;
contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition;
contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes;
promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use;
contains links to viruses and malicious software;
is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob");
“floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages;
violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling");
doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences.
The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected.
Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com
The letter must contain:
User ID
An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock.
If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done.
In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored.
To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com
Log in
