The following sets forth the policies for the collection and use of personally identifiable information ("Information") by Trivia Today ("Trivia Today") in connection with its operation of its Web site located at http://www.TriviaToday.com (the "Site"), and supersedes any previous statement of such policies. Trivia Today takes its obligations regarding privacy very seriously, and it wants to ensure users are fully informed about the Information they are providing to it.
Collection of Information.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. In connection with the Site, Trivia Today may collect Information in the following ways:
Through forms filled out by a user on the Site
Through Information provided by a user in connection with surveys and prize promotion entries
Through the maintenance and analysis of Web server logs
Via e-mail and other communications between a user and Trivia Today
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Amazon.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon.com on other web sites.
Trivia Today may also connect non-personally identifiable information from users via "cookies" (small text files placed by Trivia Today on user computers), single-pixel GIF image files (also called "Web beacons"), Web server log analysis and other similar technological means. Such information may be used to track site trends and enhance the user experience, and may be shared with third parties.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to website. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on visits to sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Sense (google.com/AdSense)
To the extent third parties may place advertising on the Site, such third parties may utilize cookies or other technological means within the advertising to collect and utilize non-personally identifiable information. Trivia Today is not responsible for information collected by third parties in this manner, nor for the collection or use of Information by other sites to which the Site is linked.
Types of Information Collected by Trivia Today. The following types of Information about a user are among those that may be collected by Trivia Today in connection with the Site:
Name
Other technical information collected by the Site's servers.
No Collection of Information from Children. The Site is not intended for users under the age of 18, nor does Trivia Today knowingly collect or retain Information in connection with the Site from children under the age of 13.
Third party vendors and ad networks serve ads on the Site. You can opt out of some third party vendor’s use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.
Use of Information.
Trivia Today may use Information collected in connection with the Site in the following ways:
To provide requested information, products and services to users via the Site or through other online or offline channels
To enable users to enter prize promotions and receive prizes from Trivia Today.
To improve the user experience with the Site
In connection with the operation of the Site
For users to obtain information and offers for products and services offered by Trivia Today.
We may use your information for marketing purposes. We may also share your information with various third party marketing partners including but not limited to vendors that provide us with technology to deploy commercial e-mail.  We work closely with affiliated businesses. In some cases, such as marketplace sellers, these businesses operate stores at Amazon.com or sell offerings to you at Amazon.com.
In order to do the foregoing, Trivia Today may provide the Information to trusted third parties, including third party contractors providing services to Trivia Today such as the operation of the Site, communication services and fulfillment of orders, and information verification. Trivia Today will use commercially reasonable efforts to limit use of the Information by such third parties to the specific uses set forth above. Trivia Today also utilizes electronic and physical security to reduce the risk of improper access to or manipulation of Information during transmission and storage, but cannot guarantee the security or integrity of the Information and shall have no liability for breaches of security or integrity or third-party interception in transit.  Our site includes third-party advertising and links to other Web sites.
Trivia Today may also disclose Information to affiliated entities, when it determines it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations, in connection with a merger, acquisition, asset purchase or sale of or by Trivia Today, or to protect the interests or safety of Trivia Today, its customers, or other visitors to the Site.
Opting Out from Offers from Trivia Today.
At any time, a user may opt out from receiving future offers from Trivia Today through the user's profile on the Site, by following the instructions contained within each marketing communication or by sending an e-mail message to trivia@TriviaToday.com. Such opting out will not apply to any communications from third parties to whom Trivia Today may have provided Information regarding the user. Third parties' use of the Information is subject to such parties' own privacy policies, for which Trivia Today shall not be responsible.
Anti-Spam Policy.
We have a strict policy against unsolicited emails in mass or individually of any kind as a way to market our programs, products and/or services.
Access to Information.
All users who provide their Information to Trivia Today may modify and correct such Information by e-mailing us at trivia@TriviaToday.com.
Your California Privacy Rights.
Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Trivia Today who are California residents to request certain information regarding Trivia Today' disclosure of personal information to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to: trivia@TriviaToday.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy.
Trivia Today reserves the right to revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time. Any such revisions will be effective on the date of posting to the Site, and will apply to all information collected by Trivia Today both prior to and following the effective date. Your use of the Site following any such revisions will be deemed your acceptance of such revisions. Users should periodically visit this page to review the current policies with regard to Information.
