Facebook privacy scandal explained
FILE - In this Jan. 22, 2018 file photo, Operating Officer of Facebook, Sheryl Sandberg attends a meeting with France's President Emmanuel Macron, during the "Choose France" summit, at the Chateau de Versailles, outside Paris. (AP Photo/Thibault Camus, Pool, File)
Mae Anderson,  The Associated Press
Published Friday, April 6, 2018 2:14PM EDT
NEW YORK -- Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg prepares to face Congress on Tuesday, and No. 2 executive Sheryl Sandberg is on a media blitz as the company tries to contain swirling concerns about how it protects the data of its 2.2 billion members.
Facing its most serious challenge in its 14-year-history, the social media juggernaut is seeking to maintain people's trust and avoid a user exodus.
------
HOW DID THIS START?
In mid-March, news broke that Cambridge Analytica, a London-based data-mining firm with ties to U.S. President Donald Trump, lifted the Facebook profiles of tens of millions of users without their permission in an attempt to sway elections.
------
WHY ARE PEOPLE MAD AT FACEBOOK?
The crisis appears to have crystallized the anxiety many people feel about Facebook's enormous sway over daily life and its massive data trove.
It comes on the heels of a revelation that Russia used the service to meddle in U.S. elections. It has also deepened concerns about the social media network's ability to avoid being exploited to spread propaganda and sway elections.
And it has renewed questions about Facebook's ability to protect the privacy of its users while also exploiting their personal details to fuel its lucrative advertising business.
------
WHAT'S THE SCOPE OF THIS SCANDAL?
The number of people affected seems to keep ballooning. On Wednesday, Facebook said that as many as 87 million people might have had their data accessed -- up from the 50 million disclosed in previously published reports.
And Facebook said it believes most of its 2.2 billion users have had their public profile information scraped by "malicious actors" at some point. That's through a feature that lets people search for users through their email address or phone number. While this helped individuals find friends, Facebook says malicious actors have also used this technique. Outside experts believe they could have been identity thieves, scam artists or shady data brokers assembling marketing profiles.
------
HOW HAS FACEBOOK RESPONDED?
Zuckerberg and Sandberg were silent for five days following the initial report. Zuckerberg also was criticized for initially failing to apologize when he did break the silence.
------
IS FACEBOOK CHANGING ITS PRACTICES?
Facebook has outlined a new privacy policy that aims to explain the data it gathers on users more clearly. It's also restricting access that apps can have to data about users' events, as well as information about groups such as member lists and content. In addition, the company is removing the option to search for users by entering a phone number or an email address.
------
WHY IS WASHINGTON INVOLVED?
Congress has been interested in increasing regulation on Facebook due to its size and the myriad of issues it's facing. That includes data privacy, fake news and Russian meddling in the U.S. elections.
Zuckerberg is set to testify on the privacy scandal Tuesday before a joint hearing of the Senate Commerce and Judiciary Committees, and a day later before the House Energy and Commerce Committee. The two sessions will be his first testimony before Congress. Separately, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and various authorities in Europe are investigating.
------
AP Business Writers Alexandra Olson and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this report.
Related Stories
Air Date: August 21, 2018
Did you capture some amazing images or video? Share it with CTV News and it could appear online or on-air!
© 2018
