Thursday, June 22, 2006 by: NewsTarget
Today
Week
Month
Year
538
51
(NewsTarget) In the wake of a number lawsuits leveled at phone companies over their alleged involvement with a U.S. government domestic spying program, AT&T has revised its privacy policy to make it clear to customers exactly who owns their phone records.
The company's original policy stated that it could share private customer information to "respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, to the extent required and/or permitted by law," and "to establish or exercise" its legal rights.
Under the new policy, AT&T makes clear to their customers that AT&T owns their data, claiming that customer data are considered "business records that are owned by AT&T. As such, AT&T may disclose such records to protect its legitimate business interests, safeguard others, or respond to legal process."
Another change made by the phone giant, formed when AT&T merged with SBC Communications in November, is that customers now have to agree to the policy in order to use AT&T services.
###
Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more...
Permalink to this article:
<a href="https://www.naturalnews.com/019448_privacy_policy_information.html">AT&T's new privacy policy declares the end of privacy for phone records</a>
NaturalNews.com
This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2018 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here . All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners.
Get alerted on heavy metals and pesticide test results for foods and supplements
Natural News is about to begin releasing lab test results for off-the-shelf food, supplement and pet food products, covering heavy metals, nutritive minerals, pesticides and herbicides. These details will be released exclusively to Natural News email newsletter subscribers (FREE) and will NOT be publicly posted on the website. To be alerted, join our free email newsletter now, and watch for lab test results in the weeks ahead.
Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook.
