PRIVACY POLICY
Morris Inn is committed to safeguarding your privacy while visiting its website namely, www.morrisinn.nd.edu (“the Site”). Our goal is to provide you with an Internet experience that delivers the information, resources and services that the Hotel has to offer and are relevant to your needs. To achieve this goal, part of the operation of the Site includes gathering of certain types of information about Site users. We understand that your privacy is important and wish to explain the types of information we may gather and the way in which we would use it. This Privacy Policy applies to the Site.
This policy will cover two types of information gathered at the Site, personal and aggregated. The term “personal information” refers to data you voluntarily provide while using the Site that identifies you and/or the company or group on whose behalf you are accessing and using the Site. Examples of personal information may include data collected in connection with our services, such as your name, e-mail address, phone number, company affiliation, physical address and/or certain other personal information. The term “aggregated data” refers to general information regarding Site visitors and users that relates specifically to the Site, e.g., traffic patterns, number of visits to certain pages, visits from other web sites or to third-party web sites linked to the Site, use of particular services and interest in services, information or features of the Site or other parties made available through or found at the Site.
What information is collected about you? How do we use it?
Morris Inn seeks to ensure that the personal information we obtain from you is not used in a way that you may not be aware of or to which you may not be agreeable. You may wish to submit an information request about the Hotel, participate in one of our promotions or subscribe to our e-mail or postal mail lists. In response, we may ask for information such as your name and postal address. In the event you opt to provide us with this information, we will only use it for the purpose specified by you when providing such information. In deciding whether or not to join such lists, please note that they are only used for Morris Inn purposes. We do not sell, rent or share any of your personal information with any other party, including third-party joint promoters, nor do we use it for commercial purposes, with the exception of the reservation interface and our e-mail notification program. You may request to be removed from our lists at any time. All emails distributed to our lists will contain easy, online access to unsubscribe.
Permission for Use
Morris Inn may collect and use personal information that you submit at the Site in any manner consistent with uses set forth in this Privacy Policy or disclosed elsewhere in the Site at the point you submit such personal information. At the time you submit personal information or make a request, the intended use of the information you submit will be apparent either from the context in which you submit it or because the Site states the intended purpose. By submitting personal information at the Site you are giving consent and permission for any use that is consistent with uses stated in this Privacy Policy or disclosed elsewhere at the Site at the point you submit such personal information, and such consent will be presumed by Morris Inn, unless you state otherwise at the time you submit the personal information. Please do not request any communications on behalf of an individual or company if you are not authorized to make the request.
Withdrawing Consent to Use
If, after permitting use of your personal information, you later decide that you no longer want Morris Inn to include you on its mailing list or otherwise contact you or use your personal information in the manner disclosed in this Privacy Policy or at the Site, simply tell us by sending an e-mail to unsubscribe: info@morrisinn.nd.edu.
Use of Aggregated Data
Morris Inn is interested in improving the Site and may develop and offer new features and services. We monitor aggregated data regarding use of the Site for marketing purposes and to study, improve and promote use of the Site. In connection with such purposes, Morris Inn may share aggregated data with third parties collectively and in an anonymous way. Disclosure of aggregated data does not reveal personal information about individual Site users in any way that identifies who they are or how to contact them.
Exceptions to the Privacy Policy
There are two exceptions to the limits on use of personal information described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy:
(1) Morris Inn may monitor and, when we believe in good faith that disclosure is warranted, disclose information to protect the security, property, assets and/or rights of Morris Inn from unauthorized use, or misuse, of the Site or anything found at the Site.
(2) Morris Inn may, to the extent necessary, disclose information when required by law.
Use of Cookies
To enable features at the Site, Morris Inn may assign one or more “cookies” to your Internet browser. Cookies, among other things, speed navigation though our Site, keep track of information so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site, and may provide you with customized content. A cookie is an Internet mechanism composed of a small text file containing a unique identification number that permits a web server to send small pieces of information or text by means of your browser and place them on your computer’s hard drive for storage. This text lets the web server know if you have previously visited the web page. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user.
We use cookies to collect and maintain aggregated data (such as number of visitors) to help us see which areas are most popular with our users and improve and update the content on our Site. While in the process of browsing our site, you also provide us with information that doesn’t reveal your personal identity—what type of destination you’re exploring, for example. We use this aggregated data only as explained in this Privacy Policy. We do not connect aggregated data to any name, address, or other identifying information.
You may occasionally receive cookies from companies or organizations unaffiliated with the Morris Inn, to the extent they place advertising on our Site or are linked to the Site. These third-party cookies may collect information about you when you “click” on their advertising or content or link. This practice is standard in the Internet industry. Because of the way in which the Internet operates, we cannot control collection or use of this information by these third parties, and these cookies and any information gathered by them are not subject to this Privacy Policy.
Children’s Privacy & Parental Consent
Please be aware that Morris Inn has designed this Site to be used for information only purposes by all ages; however, as with any Site parental consent is encouraged.
You must be at least 18 years old to make reservations or submit personal information on our Site. Should Morris Inn inadvertently acquire personal information or any other data from users under the age of 18, Morris Inn will not knowingly provide this data to any third party for any purpose whatsoever, and any subsequent disclosure by the Morris Inn would be due to the fact the user under 18 used the Site and submitted personal information without solicitation by or permission from Morris Inn.
Links Provided to Other Sites
Morris Inn may provide links to a number of other web sites that we believe might offer you useful information and services. However, those sites may not follow the same privacy policies of Morris Inn. Therefore, we are not responsible for the privacy policies or the actions of third parties, including without limitation, any web site owners whose sites may be reached through this Site, nor can we control the activities of those web sites. We urge you to contact the relevant parties controlling these sites or to access their on-line policies for the relevant information about their data collection practices before submitting any personal information or other sensitive data.
What Information is Secure? What isn’t?
E-mail communication to and from our site is not secure unless clearly noted otherwise. This is a risk inherent in the use of e-mail. Please be aware of this when requesting information or sending forms to us by e-mail.
When working with our internal database created by online opt-in activity on the Morris Inn site, we employ industry standard encryption technologies to help protect consumer data.
User Consent to This Privacy Policy
Use of this Site signifies your consent, as well as the consent of the company for whom you use the Site and whose information you submit (if any), to this on-line Privacy Policy, including the collection and use of information by Morris Inn, as described in this statement, and also signifies agreement to the terms of use for the Site. Access and use of the Site relieves Morris Inn from responsibility to the user from any claim or assertion that the user did not consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy or the terms of use.
Policy Modifications & Contacting Morris Inn
Morris Inn reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time; notice of changes will be published on this page. Changes will always be prospective, not retroactive. If you have any questions about our policies please contact:
Morris Inn
