This Privacy Policy outlines our practices towards handling any personal information that you may provide to us. Before using any of ClassDojo’s services, you should read and understand this policy.
Inspired by our friends at 500px , we've also provided a short explanation of each point.  These explanations are not legally binding.
Last updated: October 24, 2014, Effective until April 20, 2015
Overview of Privacy Policy
Welcome and thank you for your interest in Class Twist, Inc. (dba ClassDojo) (“Company”, “we”, “us”) and the Service, as described in the Company Terms of Service [link to Terms] (the “Terms”).  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Terms, and capitalized terms used, but not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meanings given to them elsewhere in the Terms.
This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you, how we use and disclose and store that information.  By using the Service, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this policy
The practices described in this policy apply only to our use of information which you provide us through the Service.  Information collected from you by others, such as third party web sites that you access through links on the Service or features of the Service that you use to provide that information to third party services, are governed by those entities’ privacy policies.
Basically,
Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy explains how we treat how any personal information that you give us when you use ClassDojo. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that ClassDojo does not own or control – they’ll have their own privacy policies.
Our Certifications
We have been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and our practices with respect to the operation of the Service have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with its program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information.   TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions.  More information on the details of TrustE’s Privacy Seal is available here.  If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at hello@classdojo.com. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe here.
We also comply with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  We adhere to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Class Twist, Inc.’s certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor/.
Basically,
ClassDojo respects your information and treats it carefully. We've been certified with TRUSTe’s Privacy Seal for compliance with COPPA, and are also certified as an approved company under the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor framework.
The Information We Collect
Generally speaking, the information we require users to provide is extremely limited.
User-Provided Personal Information: When using the Service, such as when you register for an account, and when you post or submit User Submissions, you may provide us information that can be used to identify you on an individual basis (“Personal Information”). As used in this Policy, Personal Information is information that specifically identifies an individual, such as an individual's name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address.
Basically,
We generally collect a very limited set of information, only what we need to make ClassDojo useful to you and to other users: things like your registration and profile information.
Children's Personal Information: As required by the law and our Terms, if you are under the age of 13, you may only use this service and disclose Personal Information with your parent or guardian's express consent. We ask users to verify their age when they sign up, and we collect only very limited Personal Information –users choose their own username and password, and provide a parent’s phone number or email address so that we can get their consent – from students under the age of 13 ("Children's Personal Information").  Use of the Service by students does not require sharing any additional Personal Information, and if you are a student under the age of 13, please do not send any other Personal Information about yourself to us.  Parents, to obtain copies of all Children’s information we may have stored regarding your child under the age of 13, send an email to privacy@classdojo.com – before we can give you the information, we will need to verify your identity, such as by requiring that you send the request from the same email address you used to approve your child’s account.
Teachers – using our Service does not require much if any personal information about students, and we prefer not to receive such information.
Basically,
If you’re under 13, we’ll ask you for your parent’s permission before you can sign up. We’ll also collect even less information from you if you’re under 13 – usually we'll just ask you for a random username and a password. Please don’t share any other personal information with us!
“Cookies” Information: When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer.  We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies.  A session cookie disappears after you close your browser.  A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service.  Persistent cookies can be removed.  Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
Basically,
To remember you, our system will give you a “cookie”.
“Automatically Collected” Information: When you use the Service or open one of our HTML emails, we may automatically record certain information from your web browser by using different types of technology, including “clear gifs” or “web beacons.”  This “automatically collected” information may include Internet Protocol address (“IP Address”) or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after the Service, the pages you view on the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service.
Basically,
Like most websites, our servers log technical information about service usage.
The Limited Ways We Use Information
We use your Personally Identifiable Information in a variety of ways in the operation of the Service and our business, such as:
We use the information you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Service, and personalizing the Service for your and other users’ specific preferences.  We will use your email address to contact you for administrative purposes, for customer service purposes, to address intellectual property infringement, rights of privacy, or defamation issues, or any regarding content that you have posted to the Service.
We use all of the information that you provide or that we collect and/or aggregate to understand and analyze the usage trends, interests, and preferences of our users, to improve the way the Service works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.
Various aspects of the Service and email messages we send you in connection with your use of the Service, may include relevant advertisements which may be selected based in part on your Personally Identifiable Information, including your preferences and usage patterns within the Service.
We use “automatically collected” information and “cookies” information to:  (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide customized third party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate usage metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, Apps accessed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.
We may use your email address or other Personally Identifiable Information to send promotional email related to the Service we think you may be interested in.  You will have the ability to opt-out of receiving any such communications, either through links provided in the messages, or by updating your account preferences through the Service.
Basically,
We use information we collect from you internally to improve how ClassDojo works for you. We’ll also send you more useful emails based on your profile settings.  From time to time, we may send emails to everyone using ClassDojo.
How Company Shares Information
We are not in the business of selling or leasing your information: WE DO NOT SELL, LEASE, OR SHARE YOUR (OR CHILDREN'S) PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ADVERTISING OR MARKETING PURPOSES! WE DO NOT SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS POLICY.
There are, however, a few limited ways that we share some of the information we collect with others that you should be aware of, as follows:
The Service includes features that allow users to communicate in a variety of ways.  Any Personally Identifiable Information that you voluntarily choose to share with another user through the Service, or in a publicly accessible area on the Service, such as by sharing User Submissions with another user, will be available to other users who access that content.  Once you make your Personally Identifiable Information available in this way, we cannot control how the recipient uses that content.
We work with third party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, and maintenance as well as other services for us.  To the extent it is necessary for these service providers to complete their contractual obligations to us, these third parties may have access to or process your personally identifiable information.  Generally, our policy is to make these disclosures under limitations comparable to those in this policy, although certain large service providers, such as large hosting providers, do not expressly agree to such limitations in their contracts with us or their other customers.  Many third parties who we provide your Personally Identifiable Information authorize certain government and law enforcement agencies access to information stored by such third parties without providing notice to us, in some cases as required by law and in other cases voluntarily, and we have no control over such activities.
We may make certain automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service.
We may also disclose your information if required to do so by law, such as in response to a subpoena or where a parent requests copies of Children’s Personal Information, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright law), or in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with investigative or law enforcement activity.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; to protect us and others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Service; or to protect our, our users’, and others’ rights, property, and security.
Basically,
We do not sell or lease your personal information (or your children’s information) to anyone for any reason. We may share your information to provide certain parts of the ClassDojo service, only as provided in this policy.  We also may release information to authorities when required by law or to prevent harm.
Your Choices
You may, of course, decline to share certain Personally Identifiable Information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on the Service.  You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences, or change sharing preferences for User Submissions at any time by accessing your account preferences page through the Service.  Please note that your device will need to have a current and active network connection to make such changes, and while your changes may be reflected promptly in active User Submissions bases, users that have previously accessed the content may still have access to copies cached on their device, and we may retain all information you submit for a variety of purposes, including backups and archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, and analytics.
To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you account access or making corrections to your information. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF YOUR UNIQUE PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES.
Basically,
You can choose not to share information with us, but your experience of the service might be limited.
Your account is protected by an encrypted password - you should make sure you keep it secret!
You can update your account information and preferences or delete your account (or your child’s account) whenever you want, although there may be archived copies.
Third Party Services
The Service contains references and links to Web sites and services provided by third parties.  Any Personally Identifiable Information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s policies governing privacy and security.  We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links are displayed on the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with personally identifiable information.
Basically,
If you go to a third party service not owned or operated by ClassDojo, you should check their privacy policies, too.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important.  For that reason, we perform age neutral verification, and require verifiable parental consent before collecting Children’s Personal Information.  We do not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifiable Information from persons under 13 years-of-age without verifiable parental consent.  If we learn that Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 13 has been collected on the Service without verifiable parental consent, or if we learn that such a user has provided us personal information beyond what we request from him or her, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that a child under the age of 13 may have provided us personal information in violation of this policy, please alert us at privacy@classdojo.com.  If you are a parent of a student user under 13, and would like to review the information we have collected about your child, please send a request to that effect to privacy@classdojo.com.
Basically,
We’re committed to children’s privacy. If a child under 13 signs up for a ClassDojo account, our signup flow requires parent permission to activate their account.
Our Commitment to Data Security
ClassDojo endeavors to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private.  We employ physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to help improve the integrity and security of your personal information. However, we cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. For additional information about the security measures we use, please contact us at hello@classdojo.com.
When you enter information within the login portion of our site, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
In the event we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically or otherwise contact you subject to applicable law so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may also post a notice through the Service.
Basically,
The security of your personal information is extremely important to us. We take measures internally to make sure your information is safe. Despite all our best efforts, things can go wrong - we’ll let you know if that happens.
International Visitors
The Service is hosted in the United States and other jurisdictions, and is generally intended for users in the United States.  If you nonetheless choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you may be transferring your Personally Identifiable Information outside of those regions to the United States or other jurisdictions for storage and processing, and by providing your Personally Identifiable Information on the Service you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing.
Basically,
We have servers in the US, so some of your data might be transferred here.
Affiliates; In the Event we are Acquired
Over time, our company may grow and reorganize to include other affiliated entities, such parent and subsidiary companies, and we may share your Personally Identifiable Information to any of these affiliated companies for use as described in this policy.  In the event that all or a portion of the Company or its assets is acquired by or merged with a third party entity or is subject to a change of control, we may transfer the information that we have collected from users in connection with such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control to the acquiror or surviving entity.  We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty days following the completion of such a transaction, and this policy will continue to apply to your information, unless you give consent to a new policy.
Basically,
If ClassDojo gets bought, your information will still be protected by these terms. We’ll let you know if this ever happens.
Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Privacy Policy, which may be revised periodically at our sole discretion, as provided in the Terms.  If we modify the Privacy Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision.  In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations hereunder we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change.  For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after such material changes are made. Our amended Privacy Policy will automatically take effect 30 days after it is made available through the Service, except that (i) we generally only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when we received that personal information and (ii) if you do not agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account ceasing use of the Service.  Your continued use of the Service after revised Privacy Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Privacy Policy.
Basically,
This privacy policy may change, and we’ll let you know if it does: we'll notify you, and give you a chance to opt out.
Company Contact Information
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our third party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email:  privacy@classdojo.com.
Basically,
Questions? Let us know – we’re here to help! privacy@classdojo.com.
Students, if you've forgotten your password, please ask your teacher.
Reset Password
Sorry, we can't find this email.
Found you! We've sent an email to your parent at __parentEmail__. Ask your parent to check their email!
×
Welcome back! Just a moment while we log you in...
Log in
Log in to ClassDojo
Wonderful! One second...
Redirect now
By signing up, you agree to ClassDojo’s Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .                       Since ClassDojo is based in the US, you also agree that your information could be transferred there. You can, of course, opt out at any time by visiting our Privacy Center .                       We hope this makes sense!
Sign up
