More to love than ever before
REWARDING MOMENTS | Now more to love! FREE SHIPPING ON $50+ ORDERS FREE SHIPPING TO STORE
FREE SHIPPING TO STORE
Last updated: Aug 9, 2017
This privacy policy describes the personal information that we, Carter’s, Inc., and our subsidiaries and brands, which include Carter’s and OshKosh B’Gosh (collectively, “Carter’s,” “we,” “us” and “our”) collect about you, why we collect it, how we use it, and when we share it with third parties.
This privacy policy covers our U.S. stores and online experiences including our websites. Our policy also describes the choices you can make about how we collect and use your information.
Our Policy
If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the “last reviewed” date that appears above. In the case of any substantive changes that affect how we handle or share personally identifiable information, we will give notice of the changes by posting the amended policy on the websites at least thirty days before the effective date of the change. If you have provided us with your email address, we will also notify you of any such substantive change by sending an email at least thirty days before the effective date of the change to the email address you most recently provided to us. We encourage you to keep the email address you provide to us current, and to promptly notify us of any changes to your email address, so that you may receive any notices we send to you regarding substantive changes to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to the new terms, you should stop using the websites or otherwise providing information to us. Otherwise, the new terms will take effect after thirty days.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?” below.
We collect information directly from you. The following are a few examples of when we collect information from you:
We also collect information from you passively. We may use tracking tools like browser cookies, flash cookies, pixels, and web beacons. Please see “How do we use browser and mobile-based cookies and other tracking technologies?” for more information.
We also collect information about the device you use to access our websites or when you connect to our in-store Wi-Fi services, such as your computer’s or model device’s internet protocol address (“IP address”), your browser type, your operating system, media access control address (“MAC address”), received signal strength indicator (“RSSI”), and other technical information.
 
During website or account registration
In connection with an online or in-store purchase
If you upload or share a photo or other digital content through one of our websites
If you enroll in our Rewarding MomentsTM loyalty program
If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest, or promotion
If you return a product or use a rebate
In connection with your interactions with us as a registered user of our websites (for example, when you use the wish-list or “my hearts” feature)
 
We may use your personal information in the following ways:
To process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment
To communicate with you and to send you information by email, postal mail, telephone, text message, or other means about our products, services, contests, and promotions, unless you have directed us not to contact you with promotional communications
To administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions
To help us better understand your shopping needs and preferences and provide consistent, personalized services and experiences across our brands
To help us address problems with and improve our site design, products and services
To allow you to connect to our in-store Wi-Fi service
To enhance your shopping experience
To analyze trends and statistics
To protect the security or integrity of our websites and our business
To contact you if necessary
 
All information we collect about you may be shared with our affiliates and subsidiaries.
We may also share information about you with unaffiliated third parties for purposes of providing services to us. For example, when you complete a purchase, we may share information about you and your purchase with other companies for the purpose of processing your transaction, including credit card authorization, and order processing and fulfillment. We may share your information with our other service providers who collect, manage, and analyze our customer information on our behalf and perform services on our behalf, such as sending promotions and other communications and conducting contests and surveys.
We may share information about you if necessary, in our good faith judgment, to comply with laws or regulations or in response to a valid subpoena, order, or government request, or to protect the rights of Carter’s or others.
 
You can review and change certain personal information related to your use of our online sites (such as your name and contact information). To access your information at a Carter’s website, simply sign in to your account using your login and password, and you will be able to edit your personal information in your account profile.
 
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive promotional information, such as information about special offers and sales events, from one or more of our brands, you can let us know by contacting our customer service as described in the section entitled, “How do I contact you?” below or you can click on the self-service unsubscribe .
If contacting customer service, please be sure to include your full name and the email address you used when you registered with or made a purchase from us. If you ask us to remove your name and address from promotional lists, we will maintain your name in a “do not contact” file to ensure that we can honor your request. It may take up to 10 days to process your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request, during which period you may continue to receive communications from us.
If you change your mind, you can start receiving promotional communications from us again by logging into your online account and changing your preferences, by signing up when you visit our websites or our stores or when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, or by contacting customer service.
 
 
How do we use browser and mobile-based cookies and other tracking technologies?
Our websites use cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies, to help enable you to shop on our websites and may be used in a variety of ways to enhance or personalize your online browsing and shopping experience. These technologies may also be used to determine the ads you see on our sites and also on other sites. For information about targeted online advertising and your choices related to it please see the next section.
You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to access your account information or make purchases on our websites.
Cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies help us better understand your shopping needs and preferences tell us which parts of our website you have visited and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of our advertisements, and provide consistent and personalized services and experiences.
These technologies may be used to collect “click-stream data,” which includes information about your visit, including the pages you view, the features you use, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with the sites and our online ads.
Pixel tags in our emails may be used to track your interactions with those messages, such as when you receive, open, or click a link in an email message from us.
 
How is my information used for behavioral or targeted advertising and what choices do I have?
We use cookies to help determine which of our ads are shown to you on other websites. To opt out of this targeted online advertising by Carter’s that utilizes our cookies, please click here.
We also work with third-party companies that use their tracking technologies (including cookies and pixel tags) on our websites in order to provide tailored advertisements on our behalf and on behalf of other advertisers across the internet. These companies may collect information about your activity on our sites and your interaction with our advertising and other communications and use this information to determine which ads you see on third-party websites and applications. For more information about this practice and to understand your options including how to opt out of receiving these tailored advertisements, please visit http://www.aboutads.info.
 
 
 
We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. We have in place certain physical, electronic, contractual, and managerial safeguards to help protect the security and privacy of your personal information.
When you enter your personal information on our websites, we use encryption technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us.
 
 
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits customers of Carter’s who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to us at Carter’s Consumer Affairs, 206 State Street, Oshkosh, WI 54901.
California Do Not Track Disclosure
 
search
© 2018 Carter’s, Inc. All rights reserved. CARTER’S, COUNT ON CARTER’S, CARTER’S LITTLE BABY BASICS, EVERYTHING YOU NEVER KNEW YOU NEEDED, WITH YOU FROM THE START, CHILD OF MINE, JUST ONE YOU, SIMPLE JOYS, OSHKOSH, OSHKOSH B’GOSH, B’GOSH, BABY B’GOSH, ALWAYS BE GENUINE, SKIP*HOP, and MUST HAVES*MADE BETTER are trademarks owned by subsidiaries of Carter’s, Inc.
