Last revised on: June 13, 2018
Personal information which may be collected about the users to the website located at www.flixed.io (the “Site”) is collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the British Columbia Personal Information Protection Act (“PIPA”) and, to the extent applicable, the Canada Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). AdMark Technologies Ltd. (the “Company”) takes your privacy and the collection, storage and maintenance of your personal information seriously.
Personal Information
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, such as an individual’s name, address, birth date, e-mail address and phone number.
Collection and use of personal information
When you access and use the Site, information may be automatically collected about your access and use of the Site using temporary cookies, in an effort to provide you with an optimal user experience and to improve the Site. By continuing to use the Site, you agree to the use of cookies. If you do not agree to the use of cookies by the Site, you should not access, use, or continue to use the Site, delete any cookies after having accessed the Site, or use any anonymous usage settings available to you.
If you send us e-mail, we may collect your email address, your internet IP address and your message so that we may reply to you. We may also collect any other personal information you choose to provide to us, such as your name or telephone number. Sensitive personal information should not be sent to us unencrypted over the Internet or by e-mail.
Except as expressly set forth in the Terms of Service for the Site (found at www.flixed.io/terms), the personal information we collect is only used for the original purposes it was collected or in a manner consistent with those purposes.  We may disclose your personal information, to the extent necessary, in the following circumstances:
to third-party contractors or service providers that assist in the improvement and maintenance of the Site;
to our affiliates, successors and assigns;
in connection with a corporate transaction such as a merger, consolidation, share sale or asset sale;
in connection with the bankruptcy or insolvency of the Company or our affiliates, successors and assigns;
to protect the safety of any person or to address fraud, security or technical issues; and
as otherwise directed by you.
Aggregate or de-identified data
We may also disclose information that has been aggregated or that otherwise does not personally identify you to third parties and affiliates who may use it for analytics, trends and analysis to improve and provide our products and services, including the Site.
Legal requests
If we receive a subpoena, warrant, discovery order or other request or order from a law enforcement agency, court, other governmental entity, or litigant that seeks data relating to the Site (collectively a “Legal Request”), we will make reasonable attempts to direct the requesting party to seek the data directly from you. If we ask the requesting party to direct the request to you, we will provide your contact information to the requesting party. If legally compelled to produce information and unless legally prohibited, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you so they can notify you as permitted by law. We will direct any requests for information under data protection laws to you, unless prohibited by law.
Protection of personal information
We protect your personal information by using industry standard security arrangements against unauthorized access or disclosure. Access to systems, applications and data is restricted to authorized individuals of the Company only unless otherwise provided herein.
Links to other sites
The privacy policies for third party applications and websites vary and may differ from the policies stated herein. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other applications or websites.
Privacy policy changes
The terms of this privacy policy may change at any time without notice to you.
Users from the European Union
The European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and other data protection laws grant you certain rights in relation to your personal information. Where applicable to you, you can:
request access to your personal information and how we process it;
request correction of the personal information that we hold about you;
ask us to delete your personal information;
object to us processing your personal information;
request the restriction (temporarily or permanently) of processing of your personal information;
request the transfer of your personal information to you or to a third party;
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal information.
Note that withdrawing your consent to our processing of your information will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. You should also be aware that if you do withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. Where this is the case, we will let you know at the time you withdraw your consent. Please note that even after you have withdrawn your consent we may be able to continue to process your personal information to the extent required or otherwise permitted by law, in particular in connection with exercising and defending our legal rights or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations.
Questions and concerns
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or how the Company collects and uses your personal information, please contact [email protected] , or mail us at:
AdMark Technologies Ltd.
Join the Flixed Weekly Newsletter!
Receive our weekly roundup of the best cord-cutting news, tips, and tutorials. Happily bundled and delivered to your inbox every Monday.
Leave this field empty if you're human:
Affiliate Disclosure
Flixed.io's contributors and editorial team will often recommend products we believe to be useful for our readers. We may receive an affiliate commission from product sales generated through these affiliate links. For more details, please see our affiliate disclosure here .
Reviews
 
Sign up for the Flixed Weekly Newsletter. We'll deliver a hand-picked collection of the best cord-cutting news, tips and tutorials to your inbox. Every Monday, at 7:00AM PT. 
SUBSCRIBE!
