Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Service collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookies, Usage data, email address, first name, last name, profession, company name, country and field of activity.
Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Service.
All Data requested by this Service is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Service to provide its services. In cases where this Service specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service.
Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.
Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Service or by the owners of third party services used by this Service serves the purpose of providing the service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.
Users are responsible for any third party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Service and confirm that they have the third party’s consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Opt-out of data collection
In order to opt-out from NEXD data collection please go to the form seen here: https://nexd.com/opt-out/  
Opting out from NEXD tracking means that anything of your usage will be recorded, but we will gather basic information on how our product had been used without obtaining any information about you, your device or anything else that could be referred to the user.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.
The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller’s operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. Temporary data can move between different countries for faster processing and handling, but will be stored in one of three regions closest to the customer’s origin:
EU (Ireland)
Americas (US)
Asia (Singapore)
For further information, please contact the Data Controller (can be found below).
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Analytics, Contacting the User, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Infrastructure monitoring, Interaction with support and feedback platforms, Managing contacts and sending messages, Managing support and contact requests and User database management.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined below of this section.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Analytics collected directly (This Service)
This Service uses an internal analytics system that does not involve third parties.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage data.
Google Analytics with anonymized IP (Google Inc.)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Service, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
This integration of Google Analytics anonymizes your IP address. It works by shortening Users’ IP addresses within member states of the European Union or in other contracting states to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the complete IP address be sent to a Google server and shortened within the US.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage data.
Contacting the User
Mailing List or Newsletter (This Service)
By registering on the mailing list or for the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this Service. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Service or after making a purchase.
Personal Data collected: email address, first name, last name and profession.
Contact form (This Service)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes this Service to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: company name, country, email address, field of activity, first name and last name.
Hosting and backend infrastructure
This type of service has the purpose of hosting data and files that enable this Service to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of this Service. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored.
Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon)
Amazon Web Services is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: See the Amazon privacy policy – Privacy Policy
Infrastructure monitoring
This type of service allows this Service to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved.
Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of this Service.
New Relic (New Relic)
New Relic is a monitoring service provided by New Relic Inc.
The way New Relic is integrated means that it filters all traffic of this Service, i.e., communication between the Service and the User’s browser or device, while also allowing analytical data on this Service to be collected.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Place of processing: US –  Privacy Policy
Interaction with support and feedback platforms
This type of service allows Users to interact with third party support and feedback platforms directly from the pages of this Service.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
Zendesk Widget (Zendesk)
The Zendesk Widget is a service for interacting with the Zendesk support and feedback platform provided by Zendesk Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookies and Usage Data.
Managing contacts and sending messages
This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User.
These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
MailChimp (The Rocket Science Group, LLC.)
MailChimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by The Rocket Science Group, LLC.
Personal Data collected: email address.
Managing support and contact requests
This type of service allows this Service to manage support and contact requests received via email or by other means, such as the contact form.
The Personal Data processed depend on the information provided by the User in the messages and the means used for communication (e.g. email address).
Zendesk (Zendesk)
Zendesk is a support and contact request management service provided by Zendesk Inc.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Intercom (Intercom Inc.)
Intercom is a User database management service provided by Intercom Inc. Intercom can also be used as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s).
Personal Data collected: email address and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
User database management
This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to this Service, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks’ profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving this Service.
Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on this Service.
Pipedrive (Pipedrive OÜ)
Pipedrive is a User database management service provided by Pipedrive OÜ.
Personal Data collected: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Intercom (Intercom Inc.)
Intercom is a User database management service provided by Intercom Inc. Intercom can also be used as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product(s).
Personal Data collected: email address and various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service.
Further information about Personal Data
Selling goods and services online
The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery.
The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by this Service depends on the payment system used.
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13
Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may use this Service only with the assistance of a parent or guardian. Under no circumstance persons under the age of 13 may use this Service.
Cookie Policy
This Service uses Cookies. To learn more and for a detailed cookie notice, you may consult the  Cookie Policy  ( https://adcanvas.com/cookie-policy ).
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Service or the related services.
The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User’s Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Service may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System logs and maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Service and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Service (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Service does not support “Do Not Track” requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Service and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Compliance with Regulations
NEXD complies with all relevant regulatory requirements including (but not limited to) those stipulated in:
EU Data Protection Directive (Directive 95/46/EC)
EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679)
NEXD’s Data Controller
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Service (or third party services employed in this Service), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Service, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Service) and the details about the path followed within the Service with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment.
User
The individual using this Service, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Service. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Service.
This Service
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookies
Small piece of data stored in the User’s device.
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Service.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
NEXD
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More
Privacy & Cookies Policy
