SC.gov is a creation and a service of the State of South Carolina ("State"). It is operated and managed under a long-term contract with a private company, South Carolina Interactive, LLC ("SCI" or "South Carolina Interactive"). The term "we" in this policy refers to the State and SCI.
At SC.gov, your privacy and security are our highest priority. Providing electronic access to state government information and services, while maintaining privacy is a specific objective of SC.gov.  The SC.gov Privacy and Security Policy only apply to the SC.gov site. This policy does not apply whenever visitors leave SC.gov domains by clicking a link to an external site, including the sites of state agencies and local governments or sub domains of SC.gov. The privacy policy does apply to SC.gov hosted websites listed below.  We may add other hosted sites to this policy so please check the "Privacy" or "Privacy Policy" link to see what policy applies to the site you are using. The SC.gov linking policy includes more information about links from SC.gov to external sites.
SC.gov subdomains: ssl.sc.gov, apps.sc.gov, applications.sc.gov, web.sc.gov, dnrlicensing.sc.gov, ucconline.sc.gov, dmvdhr.sc.gov, agency.sc.gov
SC.gov hosted websites:
What Information Do We Collect?
SC.gov collects from users only the personal information necessary to provide the information and services requested by them.   For example, some of our hosted online service applications require us to  collect names, addresses, email addresses, date of birth, financial information, social security number, and identification credentials such as driver license number, military identification number, or passport number.  The Father Registry site collects information about fathers and mothers and the potential child.  The information collected includes name, address, DOB, and race.  For the child, there is also a date and state of conception and birth state.
To customize our service for you, we and our partners may collect, use, and share precise location data, including the real-time geographic location of your computer or device. This location data is collected anonymously in a form that does not personally identify you and is used only to provide and improve our service. We may obtain your consent on your first use of the service.
How Do We Use Your Personal Information?
Personal information in our possession is maintained and used in ways that respect individual privacy.  Employees are educated about the importance of protecting personal information and consumer privacy, and only authorized employees and third parties (as specifically described in this policy) are officially granted access to personal information.
SC.gov will not disclose personal information collected from users to private third parties unless the law requires such disclosure or as otherwise described in this policy.  Laws do exist in the State of South Carolina to ensure government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by a government agency.  At the same time, however, there are exceptions to the public's right to access certain records in order to preserve the privacy of individuals.  Such exceptions are authorized by both State and Federal law. Information collected from users by SC.gov, similarly to information collected during in-person visits to a government office, may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an exemption exists in law. In the event there is a conflict between this Privacy Statement and a State or Federal law governing the disclosure of public records, the applicable law shall control.
Data in the Aggregate: We may disclose "blinded" aggregated data and user statistics to prospective partners and other third parties.  Blinded data is data that does not identify an individual person.
Other: We also may disclose your information in special cases.  For example, when we believe that we must disclose information to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Acceptable Use Policy, or may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other website users, or anyone else who may be harmed by such activities. We may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.
We may occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, delivering or mailing, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail, and processing data.  We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are contractually prohibited from using that information for any other reason.
How Can I Control My Personal Information?
We make every effort to develop applications that do not require the transmission or storage of personal information and sensitive data.  SC.gov has developed and maintains online service applications in partnership with SC government entities.  Some of these online service applications require users' personal information per South Carolina statute.  Applications that require end user authentication provide the ability for users to view and edit their personal information using their user account credentials.  When the collection, transmission, and store of sensitive data is required, all data is encrypted.
Family Privacy Protection Act of 2002
The Family Privacy Protection Act of 2002 prohibits persons or private entities from using personal information obtained from State agencies for commercial solicitation purposes.  A person knowingly violating this prohibition is guilty of a misdemeanor and subject to the penalties specified in S.C. Code Ann. Section 30-2-50(D).
For general use or browsing of SC.gov, visitors are not asked for personally identifiable information, and none will be collected.
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use services that require submission of personal information and should not submit any personal information to us. This includes submitting personal information to the website as part of a user profile or personalization profile.  If you are a child under the age of 13, you can use these services only if used together with your parents or guardians.  Seek guidance from your parents or guardians if you are under the age of 13.
If we decide to begin collecting personal information from children under the age of 13, we will notify parents that it is being requested, disclose the reasons for collecting it, and disclose our intended use of it.  We will seek verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information.  If we do collect such information, parents may request information on the type of data being collected, view their child's information, and, if they choose, prohibit us from making further use of their child's information. We will not provide personal information about children to third parties.
Cookies
Some of the services hosted on SC.gov use cookies.  Cookies are short and simple text files that are stored on a user's computer hard drive by web sites.  A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on a visitor's personal computer to track specific information about that visitor's interaction with the website.  They are used to keep track of and store information so the user does not have to supply the information multiple times. The services hosted on SC.gov use session cookies.
A session cookie is temporary and only exists during a single session during which a visitor uses SC.gov. SC.gov session cookies are used to keep track of a particular online transaction and are destroyed after successful completion of a transaction, after a few minutes of inactivity, or when the browser is closed.
If an individual's web browser does not accept cookies, he or she may not be able to conduct online transactions on SC.gov. However, this will not hinder normal browsing of the website.
Metrics from SC.gov server logs are used for the following purposes:
Assessing the usability of SC.gov
Determining what information is of most interest to SC.gov visitors
Measuring SC.gov system performance
Identifying potential issues associated with the interface or operation of SC.gov
Email Correspondence
Except as otherwise provided in this policy: (1) SC.gov will not disclose the email addresses of members of the public who have communicated electronically with a governmental body without the affirmative consent of the affected individual; and (2) Personally identifiable information contained in a question or comment sent to SC.gov in an email message or submitted in an online form is only used by SC.gov to respond to the question or comment.
E-mail messages will be treated the same as any other written communication. They may be subject to public inspection or legal disclosure. Please do not put confidential and personal information such as social security number, date of birth, bank account, and credit card information, mother's maiden name or medical information in your e-mail communications to the State or South Carolina Interactive, LLC. Your privacy cannot be protected or insured by the State or South Carolina Interactive during email or unsecured web form transmission.
If you send an e-mail message or complete a web form which contains personal information, we collect and store the following information:
Any personally identifying information, which you choose to provide (for example your mailing address), in an electronic mail message or web form requesting information, any comments on policies, issues, or events you send in a Live Chat session.  Information collected in this manner is used solely for information and, in some cases, to respond to you. An email automatically includes your email address and certain routing information, including your internet server.  SC.gov may redirect the message to a specific state agency or local government if SC.gov staff believes that the state agency or local government may be more qualified to respond.
Links to Other Web Sites
This web site has links to many other web sites. These include links to web sites operated by other governmental agencies, nonprofit organizations, and private businesses.  Many of these sites may not be subject to the South Carolina Code of Laws, or may operate under different privacy standards. Visitors to those web sites are advised to review the privacy statements of those sites.  Neither the State nor South Carolina Interactive is responsible for any content on a linked site.
Live Chat
The Live Help /Chat service is the SC.gov portal's live customer service application that allows visitors to talk with customer service representatives in real-time.
Certain information is collected and maintained in regard to the Live Chat service.  In addition to IP address, browser type, date, and time of the visit, and the referring webpage, transcripts of the chats are saved for statistical, demographic, and/or customer service purposes. Some information is also collected through chat surveys on a volunteer basis. Please do not put confidential and personal information such as social security number, date of birth, bank account and credit card information, mother's maiden name or medical information in your Live Chat communications to the State. Your privacy cannot be protected or insured by the State during Live Chat, email or web form transmission.
When you open a Live Chat session a cookie is placed on your system and the Live Chat operators are notified that a visitor has entered the Live Chat site.  At this time, operators can see the following information about your session:
Browser type and version
Host IP number
The purpose of the cookie is to enable the Live Chat system to associate each Live Chat session with the previous session so that each operator will be able to assist you without requiring that you repeat information previously provided. You are not required to enable cookies to use Live Chat. The cookie will not track any of your browsing activity beyond this page. Transcripts of the Live Chat sessions contain the following information:
Session date
Operator name
Exit interview responses
Security Policy
SC.gov is a creation and a service of the State of South Carolina ("State"). It is operated and managed under a long-term contract with a private company, South Carolina Interactive, LLC ("SCI" or "South Carolina Interactive"). The term "we" in this policy refers to the State and SCI.
SC.gov uses the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your sensitive personal information, including your credit card number, during online transactions.  SSL protocol is the industry's accepted form of encryption and it provides the highest level of protection possible for Internet communications.   SSL applies encryption between two computers, in this case the individual's personal computer and the SC.gov server.  SC.gov utilizes 128-bit encryption, which is one of the stronger standard encryptions currently in the marketplace.  Your transaction is secure from start to finish using this widely accepted form of encryption.  A web browser will automatically activate the appropriate security features when initiating a transaction on SC.gov. On most browsers, an unbroken key or locked padlock icon at the bottom of the browser screen indicates that a secure connection is in place.
The SC.gov processing servers are located behind a firewall and a web application firewall that employs security features. Your credit card information is not stored on a state government database.  If you have trouble purchasing securely at our website, then you may be behind a firewall or using a proxy server that doesn't allow for secure transactions.
How Does SC.gov Protect Financial-Related Information?
Keeping your personal financial information private is very important to us. As a matter of policy and long-time business practice, we do not sell information provided by our users.  Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective partners regarding financial matters are provided in the aggregate only and do not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user.   We will transfer your credit card number, bank account number, or other personal information to the appropriate credit card company or bank in order to process any online payments.  We do not store credit card information or electronic check account information one the payment transaction is completed.  When the collection, transmission, and store of sensitive data are required, all data is encrypted.
SC.gov Privacy and Security Contact Information
If you have any questions or concerns about the SC.gov Privacy and Security Policy, please contact us at support@portal.sc.gov . If you have any questions or concerns about how state agencies and local governments handle personal information, please contact them directly.
What Else Should I Know About My Privacy?
Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose information online, that information is accessible to other users and users. Ultimately, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information.  Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online.
Updated 4-15-2013
Suggest a Link
Is there a link that you feel is missing from this page?
Please enter the URL of the page you would like to suggest. If you provide your name and email address, you will receive a confirmation that the link suggestion has been sent successfully.
URL
Read & Accept
Please note, your link suggestion will be reviewed, but not responded to beyond the initial email confirmation. If you would like assistance, please contact us . If you represent an SC state agency, please see our agency link request form .
Please accept the disclaimer
By checking this box, I acknowledge that I have read the disclaimer above and accept it.
Did You Know?
State of South Carolina
Text / SMS Messaging Help
SC.gov strives to provide citizens with multiple options to find the help they need. Using the phone number or QR code below, you can send us a text message and we will respond as soon as possible. Please be advised: Standard text messaging rates may apply, depending on your mobile phone plan.
Text4Help Number:
Mon. – Fri., 8a.m. to 5p.m., Eastern Time
Not available on state holidays.
Text / SMS Messaging Help
SC.gov strives to provide citizens with multiple options to find the help they need. Using the link below, you can send us a text message and we will respond as soon as possible. Please be advised: Standard text messaging rates may apply, depending on your mobile phone plan.
Mon. – Fri., 8a.m. to 5p.m., Eastern Time
Not available on state holidays.
