 
 
 
 
To enable us manage your visit and stay at our Hotel we will ask you to provide the following personal details:
Name
 
 
 
Name
 
 
 
 
 
You have the following rights:
the right to access any personal data we hold about you;
the right to have inaccurate personal data rectified or removed;
the right to be forgotten;
the right object to us using your data for any particular purpose;
the right to data portability; and
 
 
 
 
 
Registered address: Saint Félix, Mauritius
Email: info@shantimaurice.com
Note:
A copy of our full privacy policy is available on request.  Please contact us directly as per above contact details for a copy.
Our website uses cookies.
By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
About cookies
●      A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server.
●      Cookies can be used by web servers to identity and track users as they navigate different pages on a website and identify users returning to a website.
●      Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies.
●      A persistent cookie consists of a text file sent by a web server to a web browser, which will be stored by the browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date (unless deleted by the user before the expiry date).
●      A session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.
Our cookies
Third party and analytics cookies
●      When you use our website, you may also be sent third party cookies.
●      Our advertisers/service providers may send you cookies. They may use the information they obtain from your use of their cookies:
○      to track your browser across multiple websites;
○      to build a profile of your web surfing; and
○      to target advertisements which may be of particular interest to you.
In addition, we use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Cookies and personal information
Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you, but personal information that we store about you may be linked, by us, to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
Blocking cookies
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. For example:
●      in Internet Explorer you can block cookies using the cookie handling override settings available by clicking “Tools”, “Internet Options”, “Privacy” and then “Advanced”;
●      in Firefox you can block all cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy”, selecting “Use custom settings for history” from the drop-down menu, and unticking “Accept cookies from sites”; and
●      in Chrome, you can block all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Content settings”, and then selecting “Block sites from setting any data” under the “Cookies” heading.
Blocking all cookies will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites.
If you block cookies, you will not be able to use all the features on this website.
Deleting cookies
You can also delete cookies already stored on your computer. For example:
●      in Internet Explorer, you must manually delete cookie files (you can find instructions for doing so at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835);
●      in Firefox, you can delete cookies by clicking “Tools”, “Options”, “Privacy” and then “Show Cookies”, and then clicking “Remove All Cookies”; and
●      in Chrome, you can delete all cookies by accessing the “Customise and control” menu, and clicking “Settings”, “Show advanced settings” and “Clear browsing data”, and then selecting “Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data” before clicking “Clear browsing data”.
Again, doing this may have a negative impact on the usability of many websites.
Your name*
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Sign up
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
+230 603 7200  | info@shantimaurice.com
