We ship to over 100 countries and regions, including:
Currency
Please select the currency you would like to shop in. Your order will be transacted in USD.
We ship to over 100 countries and regions, including:
Currency
Please select the currency you would like to shop in. Your order will be transacted in USD.
Effective Date: April 21, 2016
Thank you for visiting www.FreePeople.com (the “Website”). This privacy and security policy (the “Policy”) explains the information we collect about you on the Website, as well as information collected when you visit our stores or otherwise communicate or interact with Free People, how we use the information, some of the security steps taken to protect the information, and the choices you have to review, revise and/or restrict our usage of this information. This Policy is part of the Terms & Conditions of Use that govern the Website and is binding on all Website users.
If you have any objections to this Privacy Policy, you should immediately discontinue use of the website.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
FreePeople.com collects information from our customers for a variety of reasons, including as part of our ongoing efforts to provide superior customer service, improve shopping experience and to communicate about products, services and promotions. We collect information such as name, telephone number, email, postal address and payment information (“Personal Information”) that you provide to us when you register an account on our site, place an order, participate in a sweepstakes, promotion or survey, write product reviews, post customer-generated photographs and content, or create product collections, wishlists and other user-generated content. We may use this information collected online to process and fulfill your order. We also collect email addresses at various site locations in order to send you necessary order-related messages such as order confirmation and shipment confirmation notices. We maintain a record of your product interests, purchases and whatever else might enable us or our business partners to enhance and personalize your shopping experience on this or other websites and to send you offers, promotions, or information that we believe may be of interest to you.
In addition, we monitor site use and traffic patterns to improve our web site design and the products and services we offer as well as to determine what offers, promotions or information to send to you.
To serve you better, we may combine Personal Information you give us online, via mobile device, in our stores, or through our customer service call center. We may also combine that information with publicly available information and information we receive from cross-reference with select partners and others. By combining this information, we are better able to communicate with you about our products and services, special events and promotions, and better able to personalize your shopping experience.
Disclosure of Information
Free People shares information you provide to us when you participate in a sweepstakes or promotion with those companies with whom we have joined to offer the sweepstakes promotion. We may disclose information about you to other members of the Free People corporate family and our business partners. We will also disclose information as we determine to be required by law. In addition, we may on occasion share information with business partners not owned or affiliated with Free People who want to market products or services to you. In the event that a store, division, assets or part or all of Free People is bought, sold or otherwise transferred, or is in the process of a potential transaction, customer information will likely be shared for evaluation purposes and included among the transferred business assets.
We do not share credit card or other payment information with third parties except for the purposes of processing payment for products and services you’ve ordered and as required by law. In addition, we may disclose credit card and other information we collect from you with an outside company with which we have contracted for their services to protect against fraud and the unauthorized use of credit and gift cards.
Procedures to review your personal information and to opt-out
You can always update your personal information or opt-out of our catalog mailing list or other communications from us. If at any time you would like us to update your information or you opt-out, just click here to email FreePeople.com customer service. Please be sure to include your email address, full name and mailing address.
Business Partners
We contract with outside services to help us and our business partners better understand your use of FreePeople.com. These outside services may use “cookies” or other technologies to collect various kinds of information for us and our business partners related to your use of FreePeople.com, so that we and our business partners may continue to refine and improve this and other sites for our customers. We do not allow these parties to collect any credit card, user name or password information. These services are contractually required to maintain all the information collected for us in conformance with this Policy. As a visitor to FreePeople.com, you may "opt-out" of these types of collection of data. To learn more about your options, click here.
“Cookies” are bits of information that are automatically stored on your computer. If you do not want to have cookies on your system, you can set your browser to disable them. Kindly note however that if you decline cookies on the Website, some functions on the Website may be limited or unavailable. As a result, to make it easier to use the Website, we recommend that your browser settings accept cookies on the Website.
We or our partners may use Flash Cookies (also known as Local Stored Objects) or other similar technologies. A Flash cookie is a small data file placed on a computer using Adobe Flash or similar technology that may be built into your computer or downloaded or installed by you to your computer. We use these technologies to personalize and enhance your online experience, facilitate processes, personalize and store your settings. Flash cookies may help our website visitors to, for example, set volume preference associated with a video experience, play games and perform surveys. They help us improve our sites by measuring which areas are of greatest interest to customers. They may be recognized by other sites or by our marketing or business partners. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. Click here to learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies. If you disable Flash cookies or other similar technologies, please be aware that you may not have access to certain features and services that make your online experience more efficient and enjoyable.
Do Not Track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, Free People and the Website do not recognize DNT.
Secure Shopping
We adopt appropriate and industry-standard data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on the Website.
Sensitive personal information contained in orders placed on the Website are encrypted using 128-bit secure sockets layer (SSL) technology.* In order for SSL security to work, you must use an SSL enabled browser. *Secure Socket Layer (SSL) is a technology used by vendors to ensure the security of online business. It negotiates and employs the essential functions of mutual authentication, data encryption and data integrity for secure transactions.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Website cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party.
If you still have concerns about ordering electronically, feel free to call (800) 309-1500 and place your order over the phone. Have the 8-digit style number, size, and color ready for each item you wish to order. You can also print your shopping basket page and mail it to:
Free People
4010 Rose Lane
Augusta, GA 30907
Attn: Order Processing
Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to secure means of transmitting credit card numbers. We will never ask for sensitive Personal Information via e-mail.
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE AT ALL TIMES FOR MAINTAINING THE CONFIDENTIALITY OF ANY PASSWORD OR OTHER ACCESS INFORMATION.
Children’s Privacy
Our Website is not directed at children. In accordance with federal law, we do not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under age 13 without the verifiable permission of a parent or guardian. If Free People learns that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please contact us as provided below.
Your California Privacy Rights
This privacy policy describes how we may share your information for marketing purposes, as described above. California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about any of your personal information shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us as explained below.
Policy Changes
Free People may periodically update this Policy including for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed. Any changes made will be posted here. By visiting and continuing to use the Website you agree to accept any changes made to this Policy. Feel free to contact us with any questions about our Policy.
Free People Direct
4010 Rose Lane
Augusta, GA 30907
Guarding the privacy and safety of your data is very important to us. This Policy outlines what we collect about you, how we use, share and manage this data. It also outlines the choices you have about this data. Please read it carefully.
What we collect and why
We collect your data in several ways including when you choose to share it with us and when you shop our online channels. The tables below describe what we collect, how we collect it and why.
Your email or phone number
How we obtain your email or phone number
Why we collect and how we use this information
When you shop our stores, we may ask for your email or phone number to contact you about your purchase.
If you agree, we may use it to contact you about your purchase (for example: to send you an e-receipt).
When you shop our website or app, or call our contact center to make a purchase, we ask you for your contact information.
We need your contact information to give you updates about your order (for example: to confirm your order, give you delivery information, etc.).
You may choose to receive marketing messages from us.
If you choose to receive marketing messages from us, we use your data to send you information about our latest and greatest products and services, like sales and contests.
If at any time you would like us to update your information or you opt-out, just click here to email FreePeople.com customer service. Please be sure to include your email address, full name and billing address.
Other info about you, such as your name, address, and payment details
How we obtain other information about you
Why we collect and how we use this information
When you buy items from our website, app, or contact center we ask for your name, billing address, payment details, and contact information.
We need this information to:
- Process your order
- Process payments
- Communicate with you about the status of your order
When you make an account, we ask for your birthdate, identified gender (you can choose to not say), and may ask you for other information.
We use these details to give you birthday surprises and help you find what you are most interested in.
When you contact us with a comment, question, or complaint, we’ll ask for information that identifies you.
We need this to promptly respond to your.
We may also use your feedback (in an anonymized form) to improve our products and services.
If you post to our digital channels (such as reviews or pictures) we get the information you post.
We use your feedback to improve your experience with our brand and to improve our products and services.
Technical info, like your IP address, browser, etc.
How we obtain technical information
Why we obtain and how we use this information
When you visit our website or app, we collect technical information such as:
- IP address
- How you browse or use our website or app
We need this information to protect your data and our site and app.
We also use it to improve your experience and to improve our products and services.
We also use ‘cookies’ and similar tech to collect data about the pages you access or visit.
- For more about ‘cookies’ and how we use them (including for web-analysis purposes), please see our ‘cookie’ policy.
Ads On Other Sites
We want to connect with you where it is most convenient for you.  We do not sell your personal data to third parties. We participate in online advertising to help you find our products.  We may use information about you, like what you’ve purchased in the past, so we can reach you on other websites or social media networks with relevant product. If you do not want that, just tell us, and we’ll stop.  When we share data, we always demand our partners protect your data and follow the data privacy law. If you choose to give others your data directly (like Google or Facebook) their rules apply to that data, not ours.
How We Share Your Data
We may share your data within the Urban Outfitters corporate family. We may also share it with others who help us fulfill our commitments to you . These companies  help us process data, host our digital websites and apps, process payments, send communications, fulfill orders, or provide us or you services. We may store data in the United Kingdom, the rest of EU, and the United States. When we send your data outside the EU, we use the European Commission’s standard data protection clauses. We also use digital and other security measures to protect your data and make sure only people who need it can access it. We require our service providers to protect your data and use it only as the law allows. Our providers cannot use your data except to help us provide you products and services or as allowed by the privacy law and our contracts.
How We Protect Your Data
The privacy and security of your data is important to us. We use digital and physical security and process controls to protect your data. We encrypt and anonymize data where we can and it makes sense. Even inside our company, we limit access to your data as much as we can. We need your help to keep your data safe! When you make an account, we ask you to pick a password. If you give a friend your password, it is much harder for us to keep your data safe. We suggest you pick different passwords for each website you shop on and not use the same passwords for multiple websites.  Bad guys are tricky! They sometimes pretend to be us to trick you into giving them your data. Don’t get tricked, we will never ask you for your password.
Holding Your Data
We need your data to fulfill our contracts with you, provide you great products and excellent service, and comply with some laws. We plan to keep your data until we no longer have a relationship with you or for as long as it is required by contract or law.
Minors
We do not want to collect any data from people under the age of 16. If we learn that we collected any such data, we will delete it.
Your Rights
Our goal is to serve you. We know you want to control your data and you have the right to do so. We serve customers in many countries, and data privacy laws differ from one to another. Here is a list of the rights you have in the European Union:
You can ask us to correct your data or to delete some of it
You can ask for a copy of your data or info about what we collect, why, who we share it with, etc.
You can ask us to transfer data you gave us to other companies
You can ask us to stop using some data
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing
You can make a complaint to a local data protection authority
We plan to defend your rights and work with you to make sure you feel that your data is protected. If you have any questions regarding your rights, please Contact Us.
To keep you safe, we will need to verify your identity before we can assist you with these rights.
Policy Changes
We may update this Policy from time to time. We’ll post the new policy here. This Policy was last updated on 23 May 2018.
Contact Us
Our Data Protection Officer (DPO) is working hard to protect your data. Our DPO can help you with questions about this Policy or your data. If you want to contact our DPO, you can do so by email here . You can also mail us at: Data Protection Officer, 5000 South Broad St, B12, Philadelphia PA 19112 USA. If you wish to be removed form email and catalogue marketing, click here to email FreePeople.com customer service. Please be sure to include your email address, full name and billing address.
Sign up for emails and receive early access to new arrivals, sales, events & more. Plus, get Free Shipping on your first order! Check your inbox after signing up for details.
Email Address *
Submit
By signing up, you will receive Free People offers, promotions and other commercial messages. You are also agreeing to Free People's Privacy Policy . You may unsubscribe at any time.
