PRIVACY STATEMENT
This privacy statement discloses the internet privacy practices for the Virginia Tech Athletics Department and it's suite of sites linked to www.saass.vt.edu .
SASSS demonstrates its commitment to your privacy by agreeing to notify you of:
Personally identifiable information or third party information that is collected from you through the saass.vt.edu suite of sites
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under  Virginia Tech Athletics Department control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If during the use of SAASS websites you feel that we are not abiding by the posted privacy policy, you should contact
Joseph K. Goodman, Systems Administrator
by email at jogoodma@exchange.vt.edu
by mail to 309 Cassell Coliseum (0502)
Blacksburg, Virginia 24061-0502
Information Collection and Use
Virginia Tech Athletics Department is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.  We will not sell, share, or rent this information to  others in any manner different from what is disclosed in this statement. Virginia Tech Athletics Department collects information from our users at several  different points on our website. Listed below are the points at which SAASS websites may collect information.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.  Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any  personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting  a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site.  If a user rejects the cookie,  they may still use all portions of our site not contained within password protected zones of the SAASS websites. Cookies can also enable us to track and  target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
If you choose to click through on our site to our advertisers, please be aware that some of our online partners also use cookies. We have no access to, or control over these cookies. Please read the privacy policy of the site you visit to find out more about that sites' privacy practices.
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement with in our site, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
If we partner with another party to provide specific services. When the user signs up for these services, we will share names, or other contact information that is necessary for the third party to provide these services.
These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that the Virginia Tech Athletics Department is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Choice/Opt-out
Our users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site at the point where we ask for the information.  For example, our order form has an "opt-out" mechanism so users who make a purchase from us, but don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our lists.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties.  We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether they should proceed with services that require an outside party, or not.
Notification of Changes
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email.  Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Last Modified: 01/25/2005
© 2008, Virginia Tech Student Athlete Academic Support Services Department
