Manage my personal policy, bills and claims.
I'm a Business Customer
Manage my business policy, bills and claims, get certificates and submit audits.
Submit claims, check status of disability or leave, and see payments.
Manage my personal policy, bills and claims.
I'm a Business Customer
Manage my business policy, bills and claims, get certificates and submit audits.
Submit claims, check status of disability or leave, and see payments.
 
 
 
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
 
Contact and Identifying Information: We may collect contact and identifying information, such as names, home addresses, email addresses, phone numbers, dates of birth, and in some instances Social Security numbers or health information, and other application or quote information.
Application, Quote, or Claim: If you submit an application, quote, or a claim, we may collect information that you provide and other related information such as automobile information (including driver’s license number and VIN).
Account Information: If you create, register, or connect an online account in connection with our Services, we may store your username, password (and password hint information) and other basic account information that you may provide or that may be associated with that account.
Job Application: If you apply for a job with us, we may collect information about your work and educational history, and other information that you choose to provide us in connection with your application.
Automatically Collected Information: We and third party online advertising and analytics companies may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to automatically collect information about your online activity, browser and device as well as to collect information when you interact with the Services or other The Hartford offerings. In addition to the information above collected generally by the Services, unique device IDs, mobile phone numbers, geo-location data, or call logs may be collected through our mobile applications. See the “Cookies” and “Your Choices” section below for more information on these technologies and your choices.
Log Information: We also collect log information when you use the Services, which may include, information about how you have used the services, device information, access times, IP addresses, and related browsing information.
 
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
 
Providing you with the Services that you request, such as by completing transactions, processing claims, or providing a quote for one of our products
Communicating with you, for example to respond to inquiries
Providing you with information, including communications and interest based advertisements on the Website and other websites you visit and marketing communications
Informing you of job opportunities and evaluating your suitability for a job
Completing a survey
Monitoring, analysis, and research, including of trends, and usage, and advertising-related services
Enhancing the safety and security of the Services and preventing fraud or protecting our or our customers’ rights or property
Enforcing applicable terms and conditions and other applicable policies
Other purposes specifically disclosed at the time the information is requested
 
 
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION
Disclosures Among our Affiliates
 
Disclosures to Third Parties
 
Website hosting or information technology consulting service providers
Marketing and promotion service providers
Data analysis service providers
Legal service providers
Accounting service providers
Administrative service providers
Security service providers
Application service providers
 
 
Comply with valid legal processes
Protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of https://www.thehartford.com visitors, users of the Services, customers and the public
Permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain
Enforce our Terms of Service
 
LINKS TO OTHER ONLINE SERVICES
The Services may contain links to other online services. The operators of those other online services may collect information about you, including through cookies or other technologies. If you click on a link to an external online service, you will leave The Hartford Services and this Online Privacy Policy will not apply to your use of and activity on those other online services.
 
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
 
SOCIAL MEDIA
 
HOW WE PROTECT INFORMATION
The protection and security of your information is important to us. We work to adopt reasonable physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to protect the personal information transmitted between users and the Services and the personal information stored on our servers, and we require third parties with whom we share personal information to use reasonable precautions to safeguard such information. Unfortunately, no method of transmitting or storing data can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, although we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us through, or in connection with, the Services. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us by contacting us at the contact information listed below. In the event that we believe the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email.
 
INTERNATIONAL USERS
 
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
 
YOUR CHOICES
 
 
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
 
CONTACT
 
