× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Journals.lww.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Journals.lww.com. The live version of this document is available at http://journals.lww.com/_layouts/oaks.journals/... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
This Privacy Statement sets forth the information gathering, use, and dissemination practices of Wolters Kluwer Health, its parent, affiliate and subsidiary companies and its business units (“WKH”) in connection with the World Wide Web site located at http://journals.lww.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Statement addresses WKH's practices regarding information collected only directly through or from the Site – it does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected other than directly through or from the Site, including, without limitation, from or via telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. WKH can be contacted at [email protected] or by telephone at 1-800-638-3030 (US) or 1-301-223-2300 (elsewhere).
1. Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors
WKH may collect or track (1) the e-mail addresses of visitors that communicate with WKH via e-mail, (2) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration forms, surveys, e-mail, the “Contact Us” section of the Site, and other online avenues (including, but not limited to, demographic, business profile, and personal profile data), (3) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, files downloaded, search engine used, operating system, and type of Web browser of visitors to the Site, and (4) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages Site visitors access.
WKH may place Internet “cookies” on visitors’ hard drives. Internet cookies save data about individual visitors, such as the visitor’s name, password, user-name, shopping cart, screen preferences, and the pages of a site viewed by the visitor. When the visitor revisits the Site, WKH may recognize the visitor by the Internet cookie and customize the visitor’s experience accordingly. Visitors may decline Internet cookies, if any, by using the appropriate feature of their Web client software, if available.
WKH Web pages may also contain electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that may be used to: assist in delivering cookies on our sites; allow WKH to count users who have visited those pages; deliver co-branded services; gather, store, and track certain information related to your visit to and activity on a site (including but not limited to the IP address of your computer, the time the Web page was viewed, and the type of browser used). WKH may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or WKH newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
WKH may also employ Web beacons from third parties in order to help WKH compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of WKH sites. WKH prohibits Web beacons on WKH sites from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
When a visitor performs a search within the Site, WKH may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed. WKH may also record limited information for every search request and use that information to solve technical problems with the services available directly or indirectly in connection with the Site and to calculate overall usage statistics.
2. Use of Personal Data Collected
Personal data collected by WKH may be used by WKH for many reasons, for example, for editorial and feedback purposes, for product development, for content improvement, for fulfillment of a requested transaction or recordkeeping, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of visitors’ behavior, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data regarding visitors’ home servers may be used for internal purposes, and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to WKH may be added to WKH's databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming events.
WKH also may use Site visitor data to contact the Site visitors regarding account status and changes to the Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement, End User License Agreement and any other policies or agreements relevant to Site visitors.
3. Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties
Aggregate data on visitor’s home servers and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, may be provided to third parties such as marketing firms. WKH may share the personal data you provide to us with other WKH entities and/or business partners who are acting on our behalf to help us provide you with our products and services.
Personal information provided by users through the Site, will be used in the operation of the Site and in order to provide services requested. Any personal information provided by you on any forum or comments features may be read by other users, and could potentially be used by such third parties to send you unsolicited messages.
Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which WKH enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by WKH in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of WKH or any other person or entity.
While WKH may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which WKH shares, rents, sells, or otherwise discloses personal data is under a contractual obligation to use the personal data solely for the purposes for which the data was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which WKH exercises no control. WKH is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of third parties.
4. Security Measures
WKH has implemented physical, electronic and procedural security features that are designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Despite WKH's efforts to protect your personal information, there is always a risk that an unauthorized third party may circumvent such procedures or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted. The confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from WKH via this Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. Accordingly, WKH is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with WKH via e-mail or the Internet, visitors can contact WKH by telephone at 1-800-638-3030 (US) or 1-301-223-2300 (elsewhere).
5. Opt-Out Right
Except as necessary for WKH to provide the services, information, or products requested by a registered user, the registered user may opt out of having personally identifiable information that has been voluntarily provided by him or her to WKH through an account registration, or through an electronic news or information subscription, prospectively retained by WKH, used by WKH for secondary purposes, or disclosed by WKH to third parties by updating your profile preferences on the Site. (This does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the description in this Section 5.)
6. Privacy of Children
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. It does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from visitors in this age group. Where requests for information about a medication or procedure are permitted by law, individuals requesting such information that is indicated for use in children must be 18 years of age or older.
7. Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Data
Registered users can view their profile containing personally identifiable information retained by WKH regarding the user, which information has been voluntarily provided by a visitor to WKH through an account registration. A registered user may modify, correct, change or update their personally identifiable information by updating your profile preferences on the Site.
8. Right to Change Privacy Statement
WKH may change this Privacy Statement at any time. Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement, as well as the location of the new or revised statement, will be posted on the Site for at least 60 days after the change. It is the obligation of users returning to the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change was made.
Updated: August 28, 2009
This is version 1 , from 5 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
