Welcome to Patreon!
Patreon is a platform where patrons can support and engage with creators. We care about your privacy and want to help you understand how we collect, use and share your personal information. This privacy policy applies to patrons and creators, and is part of our terms of use .
Information You Provide
This is information that you provide to us through text fields, such as your name, payment information, goals and rewards. The information we collect is different depending on if you are an account holder, become a patron by supporting a creator, or become a creator by creating your own Patreon page.
All Accounts
To create an account on Patreon you have to provide your:
Email address
Username
Password
You may also sign up using a Facebook account and email address. We will ask permission to access basic information from that account, such as your name, profile picture, and friend list. You can choose to stop sharing that information with us at any time by removing Patreon’s access to that account.
You also have the option to add more information to your profile, such as a location, social media links and an about section, which we store along with any comments or messages you submit through Patreon.
Patrons
A patron is someone who financially supports creators through Patreon. To become a patron you have to provide one of our payment processors (Stripe or PayPal) with your payment information. You can see the privacy policy for these payment processors on the PayPal and Stripe sites. They provide us with a token that represents your account, your card’s expiration date, card type and the last four digits of your credit card. If you provide them with a name and email address then they also provide us with that information.
We collect and process information about the creators you support, the level at which you support them, what rewards you receive and how often you support them.
As a patron, if you select a reward tier with a physical reward, then you have to provide your shipping information so the creator can ship you the reward.
Creators
A creator is someone who creates a Patreon page requesting financial support from patrons. To become a creator, you must create a page that describes what you are creating, any rewards you are offering and any financial goals you have. We collect and process this information along with any additional information you add to your profile. To receive payments you have to create an account with one of our payment partners: PayPal, Stripe or Payoneer. You must also provide us with additional information for tax purposes. Depending on your location you have to fill out a form with some combination of your:
Legal name
Country of citizenship
Your nonprofit registration number, if you are a nonprofit business
Information We Collect
We collect information automatically as you navigate the site or through our third party analytics providers. We may store usage information such as the type of device you use to access Patreon, your operating system, browser type, IP address, and device ID, the pages you visit or request, links clicked, referring sites, user interactions and your search terms. We also derive your location from your IP address.
Do Not Track
Our service does not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means our third party analytics providers may associate your usage on Patreon with your usage on other sites.
Cookies
We use third-party advertising cookies to present you with opportunities while on Patreon. We also use retargeting cookies to present you with Patreon advertising on other websites.
Sift Science: The Sift Science page and privacy policy explains their cookies and provides information on opt-out.
Visual Website Optimiser (Wingify): You can read the Visual Website Optimiser and its privacy policy to learn about its cookies and have the option to opt-out.
Facebook Custom Audiences: You can adjust your Facebook advertising settings from within your Facebook account and opt-out of advertisements from within the Facebook application.
Google Adwords: You can adjust the Google ads settings and opt-out of this program.
Twitter Tailored Audiences: You can opt-out of seeing interest-based advertising on Twitter.
We use Google Analytics, Amplitude, and KissInsights analytics cookies to see how you use Patreon so we can improve in a variety of ways. We encourage you to read the Google privacy policy . If you prefer to not have data reported by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . We also encourage you to read more about Amplitude and their privacy policy , and about KissInsights , their privacy policy and their opt-out instructions .
We also use third party vendors to provide delivery of rewards which you can read about in our “Information Shared with Third Parties” section below.
How We Use Your Information
We never sell your information to anyone. We use your information to:
provide Patreon services to you.
allow you to sign in to your account.
allow you to support creators through Patreon.
allow you to collect money as a creator.
send you emails relevant to your usage, as controlled by your email preferences.
reply to your questions.
understand how you use the service and market Patreon to you, including suggesting creators you may be interested in supporting.
create better tools for creators to serve patrons.
conduct research and development to improve Patreon and develop future products that our users may be interested in by analyzing how you use it.
prevent fraud and abuse on Patreon.
Information Shared with Creators
If you are a patron, the following information is shared with the creators you support:
Your email address and other profile information.
Any messages you send them through Patreon.
Your physical address, city, state, country, and phone number, if you have signed up for a reward that requires shipping.
All information about your pledge, including amount and start date, but not your full payment card information.
Some aggregated and anonymized data about how you use Patreon that cannot be linked back to any individual user.
Information Shared with Third Parties
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is data that includes a personal identifier like your name, email or address, or data that could reasonably be linked back to you. We will only share this data under the following circumstances:
With your permission, with service providers used by creators to deliver content and rewards.
With companies that are contractually engaged in providing us with services, such as order fulfillment, email management, analyzing data trends, credit card processing and fraud detection and prevention. These companies may have access to personal information to perform their services and are obligated by contract to safeguard any PII they receive from us.
To protect the security or integrity of Patreon, and to protect the rights, property, or safety of Patreon, its employees, users, or others, if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, valid legal process (e.g., subpoenas or warrants served on us). If we are going to release your data, we will do our best to provide you with notice in advance by email, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so.
In connection with the sale, merger, bankruptcy, sale of assets or reorganization of our company. We will notify you if a different company receives your PII. The promises in this privacy policy apply to any data transferred to a new entity.
Our apps directory displays our most updated list of third party apps providers who help us deliver rewards. While we try to keep this list up to date, we often experiment with new third party apps providers, and this list may not be exhaustive.
Information Shared with the Public
The following information is publicly accessible:
Your profile, and your social media links and location if you add that information.
By default the creators you support are publicly displayed. If you flag your account as private, we will not display the creators you support.
Any posts or comments you make on a creator’s page.
Your aggregated or anonymized usage data in blog posts, press releases, or in other ways to share information about Patreon’s usage. Aggregated or anonymized data cannot be linked back to any individual Patreon user.
Your Preferences and Rights over Data
Choosing Your Preferences
The Settings link is located by clicking on your avatar or profile at the top right hand of your screen. Settings lets you see the what your account preferences are. You can see and adjust your settings by viewing your preferences and, if you wish, by changing your selections.
Exercising Your Data Rights
You can exercise rights over your data in the following ways:
Modifying the Information in Your Account
You can modify or delete certain information associated with your account on the settings pages, as described in the “Choosing Your Preferences” section above.
Disabling Your Account
You can disable your account if you go to your account settings while you are logged into Patreon. Click the “Disable My Account” link to have your account immediately disabled and removed from public view. Please be aware that this is a final act and you cannot log into your account again after clicking this link. When you disable your account, we immediately remove your ability to log in. If you create a new account, you will be asked to use a different email address from the one you used previously. Even if an account is disabled, some information may be retained by our analytics providers on their own servers.
Removing Marketing Emails
You can stop receiving marketing emails by changing your email settings. While this removes your marketing emails, service related emails are still sent, including how you can optimize your Patreon experience and suggestions for which creators to follow.
Turning off Mobile Notifications
If you download the Patreon App you may also receive notifications on your mobile device. These can be disabled in the App settings.
Understanding Our Data Retention Periods
We retain your information for ten years, unless you disable your account information from your account settings . Please note that once you disable your account, you will not be able to log in again. If you want to log into Patreon again by creating a new account, you may be prompted to use a new email address from the one you previously used on your disabled account.
Additional Questions Related to Privacy
For additional privacy-related questions about your account, you may email us at [email protected] .
European Union Data Transfer
Transfer of Data to the United States
We are based in the United States. By using our services you consent to the transfer of your personal data to the United States, and to the processing and use of that personal data in the United States. This processing and use is limited to what is described in this privacy policy and the terms of use.
Marketing Activities
We may use your information to offer you products and services that we think may be of interest to you, unless you have opted out of marketing communications. If you are in the European Economic Area, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before sending you any marketing communications. You may object to the use of your data for direct marketing purposes at any time, free of charge, when we collect your personal information and in every marketing communication. We will never provide your information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us and we follow industry standards to protect it. Full credit card numbers are never accessed by our system, and the most sensitive data we store, such as tax forms, are encrypted to keep them secure.
To further protect your information we suggest using a strong and unique password for your Patreon account. We also offer two-factor authentication as an additional security measure.
Children
Patreon is not directed at children under the age of 13, and they may not create an account or otherwise use Patreon.
Changes
We may sometimes make changes to this policy. If we make material changes that adversely affect your rights under this policy, we will let you know by posting an announcement on the site or sending you an email prior to the changes coming into effect. Continuing to use Patreon after a change to this policy means you accept the new policy.
If you have any questions, please email [email protected] .
Effective May 25, 2018. Last updated on May 22, 2018
