Privacy Policy
It is our sincere hope at Volkswagen of America, Inc. (“Volkswagen”) that what is now a purely digital relationship will evolve into a more personal one. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Policy, which explains our information practices across all of Volkswagen’s websites and digital properties, including mobile versions of our site and mobile applications (each a “Volkswagen Property” and collectively, the “Volkswagen Properties”). Your use of any Volkswagen Property constitutes your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect
 
 
 
We may receive information from third party sources, such as authorized Volkswagen dealerships, and incorporate it with your personal information.
How We Use and Share Information
 
 
 
 
We may share non-personal and aggregate information with our advertising agencies and other third-party affiliates to customize the design of the Volkswagen Properties.
Online Advertising
 
To opt-out of receiving promotional email messages from us, please click on the “Unsubscribe” link contained at the bottom of each email.
Our Commitment to Children's Privacy
Volkswagen does not knowingly collect personal information from visitors under the age of 13. The Volkswagen Properties are general audience websites or digital properties directed at general audiences. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information.
External Links
The Volkswagen Properties may contain links to other websites, including social networks, advertisers, individual dealer’s websites, and websites belonging to other third parties. Some of these sites may share a similar “look and feel” to the Volkswagen Properties. Such sites may include social media sites, including Facebook and Twitter, websites affiliated with Volkswagen Credit, and other third party sites including individual dealer websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies provided by other websites before you provide personal information to them. For your convenience, we have provided the Volkswagen Credit Privacy Notice below.
Volkswagen Credit Privacy Notice
 
 
If you are a resident of any other state, click here  to view or print the Privacy Notice.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by updating this page. We encourage you periodically to check this site to learn about the information we collect, use, and share. Your continued use of any of the Volkswagen Properties affirms your agreement to such changes.
Your California Privacy Rights
As described in this Privacy Policy, from time to time we may make your personal information available to third parties. If you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties, you may opt-out of this information sharing by emailing us at VWCustomerCARE@vw.com or by contacting us via the contact information provided below.
Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please email us at: VWCustomerCARE@vw.com .
You may also contact us by phone, 24 hours a day, at: 1-800-822-8987.
And by mail at:
Volkswagen Customer CARE Center
