Privacy Policy for Volkswagen Car-Net Security & Service
Protecting your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 2018.
The purpose of this privacy policy (the “Policy”) is to describe what information Volkswagen of America, Inc., a business unit of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. (“VWoA”) and Verizon Connect (“VCI”) may collect in connection with VW Car-Net Security & Service, including when you use VW Car-Net Security & Service, operate a vehicle equipped with VW Car-Net Security & Service, use the VW Car-Net Security & Service mobile application, or visit the VW Car-Net Security & Service Web site. It also describes how and with whom that information may be used or shared. This Policy is not intended to limit any data usage provisions contained in the VW Car-Net Security & Service Terms of Service (the “Terms of Service”) that you agreed to in order to receive the VW Car-Net Security & Service or any other agreements that you may enter into with VCI or VWoA. Please read this Policy and the Terms of Service carefully. This policy governs Car-Net Service on vehicles sold and operated in the United States.  For information about VWoA’s data practices for products and services other than Car-Net, please see our corporate privacy policy available at vw.com/privacy.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
We collect information about you and your Volkswagen vehicle (the “Vehicle") to facilitate the provision of VW Car-Net Security & Services. Providing these services involves a commercial relationship between you and us. Your use of VW Car-Net Security & Service may involve your interaction with our Service Providers, which include entities with whom you may interact directly such as roadside assistance, emergency service, and other similar providers. We and our Service Partners require certain information from you to provide those services. For example:
To provide VW Car-Net Security & Service, we must collect certain information when you activate your account and agree to the Terms of Service, including your contact information (e.g., your name, address, email and emergency contact), your billing and payment information and various other information. We may use this information to establish your credit or protect against fraud and misuse.
We may also monitor or record conversations you have with our customer service representatives, emergency personnel, or the police, as well as your use of any of our or their automated services, for purposes such as assessing, maintaining or improving service quality; issue resolution; training; or promoting and providing services. You understand and agree to such monitoring and recording and you are responsible for notifying any users of your vehicle that this may occur. When you contact VW Car-Net Security & Service for the provision of services, we may collect caller identification information and the date and time of call. Our and our Service Partners’ customer service representatives may remain on the line while conferencing in a third party to assist in completing a service request.
We may use information about you and your Vehicle to customize VW Car-Net Security & Service for your use, analyze and troubleshoot VW Car-Net Security & Service and usage, improve our product offerings, maintain internal records, and communicate with you about VW Car-Net Security & Service or other products or services. For information about your choices regarding communications, refer to the Section of this policy entitled YOUR CONSENT AND CHOICE REGARDING COMMUNICATIONS.
The information we may collect about your Vehicle or your mobile application includes by way of example:
information relating to the purchase or lease of your vehicle (e.g., make, model, year and vehicle identification number (VIN));
information concerning your Vehicle’s operation, performance and feature utilization (e.g., diagnostic trouble codes and maintenance conditions such as tire pressure and fuel economy) to enable VWoA to, among other things, provide you with VW Car-Net Security & Service, perform research, and improve our products and services;
information about accidents involving your Vehicle (e.g., whether air bags deployed) for the purposes of notifying emergency personnel or otherwise addressing potential emergencies;
information about your vehicle’s location, direction, or speed when you request a VW Car-Net Security & Service (e.g., to provide you with Destinations/Points of Interest; to provide automatic collision notification; to provide vehicle location services in the event your Vehicle is stolen), to comply with legal obligations, or to use or share in an anonymized or aggregate manner for purposes including research, analysis, product or service improvement, and aggregated information services such as traffic reporting; and
information concerning the type of mobile device you use, the device’s operating system, information you provide via the device, and, when you request a VW Car-Net Security & Service, the location of the device at the time of a service request, and other information as needed to provide a VW Car-Net Security & Service.
HOW WE OBTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT YOU AND YOUR VEHICLE
We obtain information about you and the Vehicle in a number of different ways. These include, but are
not limited to:
information you or your Vehicle dealer, distributor, or manufacturer provide to us when you buy or lease your Vehicle or register for Service;
information obtained from VW Car-Net Security & Service Equipment in the Vehicle and your use of the Service;
information you provide when you use the Web sites or other online services of VW Car-Net Security & Service or our Service Partners or from the mobile application;
information collected about your use of the Web sites or other online services of VW Car-Net Security & Service or our Service Partners;
information provided by you directly, through communications between you and us (or our Service Partners);
information obtained through publicly available or commercial sources; and
information exchanged between us, our affiliates and our Service Partners.
In addition, we and our Service Partners and the Volkswagen Companies may intercept any wire, wireless, oral or electronic communications made or transmitted through the Service, at any time and for any reason, as permitted by law.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
To provide VW Car-Net Security & Service, we share your information with Service Partners including, for example, roadside assistance providers and emergency service providers (e.g., 9-1-1) for the purpose of delivering VW Car-Net Security & Service to you. We may also share information about you and your Vehicle with service providers, i.e., third parties that perform services on our behalf, such as call centers, mailing vendors and Web site hosting companies. We may share information about the Vehicle and you with each other and our affiliated companies to facilitate research and to improve our product and service offerings, and with each other for marketing purposes.
We may share information about activation of the services with your Volkswagen dealer in order to allow the dealer to contact you. We also share pertinent information with law enforcement or others in case the stolen vehicle location assistance service has been requested. When required, we may release information to comply with valid legal process including subpoenas, court orders or search warrants, and as otherwise authorized by law, or to enforce or apply the terms of our agreements with you or to defend ourselves or Volkswagen in a litigation. For example, we may be legally compelled to provide location data and other information to law enforcement agencies, pursuant to validly issued subpoenas or similar judicial or law enforcement procedures. We may also share your information with third parties for purposes other than as described in this policy with your consent.
We may share information with dealers and our affiliates to provide information about products and services that may be of interest to you. We may share information with Sirius XM radio in connection with their provision of satellite radio services.
We may share information with our business partners for joint marketing offers that may be of interest to you.
We also may disclose information about you and your Vehicle when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other users of the Web sites or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
Should we declare bankruptcy or should our assets ever be acquired by or merged into another organization, the information we have collected about you and your Vehicle will be treated as an asset and may be transferred to a third party that purchases or otherwise acquires our assets.
UPDATING OR CHANGING YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION
It is your obligation to correct or update the information you provide upon activation of the VW Car-Net Security & Service when that information changes. You may review, update or change your information by calling one of our customer specialists at 1-877-820-2290 or writing to the Volkswagen Car-Net Security & Service Response Center c/o Verizon Connect, Inc., P.O. Box 422628, Atlanta, GA 30342.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
We employ administrative, technical and physical controls to protect against the loss of, or unauthorized access to, the information under our control. Although we take your privacy very seriously and we use responsible and reasonable practices to protect the privacy of your information, we cannot guarantee that your information will always remain secure.
SECURITY ON CELLULAR AND WIRELESS NETWORKS
The VW Car-Net Security & Service transmit voice and data between the response center and your Vehicle over wireless and cellular telephone networks. Although it may be illegal for unauthorized people to intercept these transmissions, we cannot guarantee the privacy and security of conversations or data transmitted to and from the Vehicle.
FINANCIAL INFORMATION
We may collect your financial information such as credit and debit card numbers and bank and other financial institution account numbers in connection with transactions you enter into with us. We use your financial information to help us process these transactions. We may use third-party service providers to help us perform some of these tasks. In such instances, we will provide your financial information to these third parties for the sole purpose of performing these tasks. We may also provide your financial information to your credit card issuer, financial institutions, credit card processors or other payment processors to process transactions.
USE OF VW CAR-NET SECURITY & SERVICE WEB SITE AND MOBILE APPLICATIONS
When you browse the VW Car-Net Security & Service or VCI Web sites or use the VW Car-Net Security & Service mobile application, we collect information about you, your use of the services, and your device. For example, you may submit on our Web site your name, contact information, VIN, and the like. In addition, we collect information about your interactions with the VW Car-Net Security & Service Web site and mobile app, the VCI Web site or Web sites of our Service Partners. We may collect and use your IP address and the Web site address of your point of entry to our sites, as well as other information about your connection, including your computer’s browser and platform type and your Internet connection speed, and your mobile device type and operating system version. We may collect and use information concerning the type of mobile device you use; the device’s operating system; information you provide via the device; the location of the device at the time of a service request; and other information as necessary to provide a VW Car-Net Security & Service. We use this information to monitor statistics such as how many people visit our Web sites and use our mobile apps, which pages people visit on our sites and how much time is spent on each page, which Web domains our visitors come from, which browsers are used to visit our sites, and how people use our mobile apps.
In addition, we may use “cookies” and other technologies on our Web sites. Our use of cookies allows you to maintain your account login information between visits to our Web sites. We also use these tools and technologies, and third party services such as Google Analytics, to better measure activity at the site and improve the user experience and to tell us the time and length of your visit to the Web sites. We may also use “clear GIFs” (aka “Web beacons” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies on our Web sites and/or in our communications with you to enable us to know whether you have visited a Web page or received a message.
We may work with third party companies to display ads or customize the content of the Web sites. These companies may use cookies, pixels, tags, or similar technologies that are placed in browsers to gather information about your visits to our Web sites, as well as your visits elsewhere on the Internet. These companies use this information to provide you with more relevant advertising known as interest-based advertising. Some of these companies may be participants in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). The DAA offers a choice mechanism with respect to certain types of data collection and use. We adhere to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Visit www.aboutads.info to exercise choice with respect to participants of the DAA. If you change computers, devices, or browsers, use multiple computers, devices, or browsers, or delete your cookies, you may need to repeat this process for each computer, device, or browser. Additional information about removing cookies is found in the user documentation for your Adobe Flash player software. Please be aware that disabling cookies may prevent you from using specific features on our Web sites.
YOUR CONSENT AND CHOICE REGARDING COMMUNICATIONS
By using VW Car-Net Security & Service, you agree to the practices and procedures described in this Policy. You also consent to our contacting you in your Vehicle or at your address, email address or phone number on file for the purpose of delivering VW Car-Net Security & Service to you and to discuss your account services, features and benefits. From time to time, we may also send you information about selected products, services or offers we think may be of interest to you. In addition to any unsubscribe options that may be contained in emails you receive from us that provide offers for VW Car-Net Security & Service or other products or services, if you do not want to receive emails or other communications about our offers, products or services, contact a Customer Service representative at 1-877-820-2290 or VW Car-Net Security & Service Privacy Policy c/o Connect, Inc., P.O. Box 422628, Atlanta, GA 30342-2628.
Please note that even if you choose not to receive marketing emails from us, you may still hear from us regarding the status of VW Car-Net Security & Service and any other service issues and order status updates that will allow us to provide you with an optimal user experience.
We or our Service Partners or affiliates may also use your name, postal delivery information and phone number to contact you offline about products, services or offers that we think would be of interest to you. If you do not wish us to contact you offline, please contact us at or 1-877-820-2290 or VW Car-Net Security & Service Privacy Policy c/o Verizon Connect, Inc., P.O. Box 422628, Atlanta, GA 30342-2628.
By giving us your e-mail address and/or obtaining products and/or services through our Web sites, you agree to receive e-mail marketing from us and our third-party advertisers. In addition, you agree that such act constitutes a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application for purposes of the Telemarketing Sales Rule,16 C.F.R. § 310 et seq., as amended from time to time (the “TSR”). Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s or a State’s Do-Not-Call List, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (TCPA) 47 U.S.C. § 227; the TCPA rules issued by the Federal Communications Commission 47 C.F.R. § 64.1200; the TSR; and state laws, rules and regulations governing telemarketing. Moreover, by registering with, or requesting information from, a Service Partner or affiliate, such action constitutes a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application with the respective Service Partner or affiliate for purposes of the TSR and you may be contacted via e-mail, direct mail and/or telemarketing by such Service Partner or affiliate in accordance with the TSR, the TCPA and its implementing regulations and applicable state laws, rules and regulations.(You may always opt out of receiving promotional calls from us by contacting us at 1-877-820-2290 or VW Car-Net Security & Service Privacy Policy c/o Verizon Connect, Inc., P.O. Box 422628, Atlanta, GA 30342.)
LINKS
The VW Car-Net Security & Service or VCI Web site may contain links to other sites, including, among others, those of advertisers, other third parties, and companies whose trademarks may appear on the site. We are not responsible for the information collection practices or the content of the sites to which we link or for content and information collection practices of the Web sites and online services belonging to our Service Partners.
Service Partners are third parties that work with VW and Verizon Connect, Inc. to provide services, equipment, content, features, or facilities connected with the provision of VW Car-Net Security & Service. Service Partners include, without limitation, telecommunications providers, call center operators, wireless service providers, public safety operators, emergency personnel, towing companies, vehicle distributors and dealers, equipment and software manufacturers, certain advertising companies and content providers or other third vendors acting on our behalf to provide the VW Car-Net Security & Service.
Service Partners may include Google, Inc’s map services, Parkopedia, and Spot Angels Information collected through such services is subject to the Service Providers’ respective privacy policies and is not governed by this policy.  YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of your personal information with third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes. California law provides that you have the right to submit a request at our designated address and receive the following information:
the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year; and
the names and addresses of third parties that received such information, or if the nature of their business cannot be determined from the name, then examples of the products or services marketed.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. You may make such a request by contacting us via the contact information below.  
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
We reserve the right to change this Policy. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to this Privacy Policy by posting a revised Policy on the VW Car-Net Security & Service Web site. You can access the current Policy at www.vw.com/carnet , by requesting a copy from us by writing to VW Car-Net Security & Service Privacy Policy c/o Verizon Connect, Inc., P.O. Box 422628, Atlanta, GA 30342, or by calling us at 1-877-820-2290. Your continued use of VW Car-Net Security & Service after any such change is made constitutes acceptance of the terms of the modified Policy.
YOUR COMMENTS
We welcome feedback concerning this Policy. Please send your comments and questions to VW Car-Net Security & Service Privacy Policy c/o Verizon Connect, Inc., P.O. Box 422628, Atlanta, GA 30342-2628, or call 1-877-820-2290.
For more information, call (877) 820-2290 or go to vw.com/carnet .
“Car-Net” is a registered trademark of Volkswagen Group of America, Inc. Apple, the Apple logo and iPhone are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. “Android” and “Google” are trademarks or registered trademarks of Google Inc.
 ©2018 Volkswagen of America, Inc.
©
Volkswagen of America, Inc.
