Windows (desktop)
Edge - We support EdgeHTML 13 or above.
Firefox - We support version 29 or above.
Chrome - We support version 23 or above.
Opera - We support version 30 or above.
Mac (desktop)
iOS (iPhone/iPod)
free $ 50 · free shipping
Buy More, Save More.
We don't believe in sales; we believe in rewards. Every additional item in your cart means you're getting a better deal. Consider it our way of saying “thanks."
has just been added to your cart.
 
This Privacy Policy describes how Mack Weldon, Inc. (“Mack Weldon” or “we” or “us”) collects, shares, and otherwise treats the information that we collect through our website located at  www.mackweldon.com  (the “Site”) and how we use that information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that we collect by other means.  
This Privacy Policy applies to the services and products offered by Mack Weldon, as well as any other applications, content or features that we may from time to time offer on our website.
 
1. THE TYPES OF INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT
We collect two types of information from visitors to our website: personal data and non-personal data.  Personal data includes any information which, either alone or in combination with other information we hold about you, identifies you as an individual, including, for example, your name, postal address, email address and telephone number.
If you purchase our products or services, we request certain personal data from you on our order form so that we can fulfill those purchases of products or services from our website. This includes information such as:
your name
email address
shipping address
financial information, such as a credit card number and its expiration date
We use the personal data that we collect for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we also will use this information to contact you.  If you choose to establish an account and become a registered user of the Site, we may collect personal data about you including:
your name
email address
birth date
shipping address
billing addresses
financial information, such as a credit card number and its expiration date, to facilitate future purchases you might make.
In addition, if you contact us by email through our website, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence.
You have a right to access information held about you, which can be exercised in accordance with various legal requirements, including those under PIPEDA. Any access request must be in writing, sent to our Director, Finance & Operations at privacy@mackweldon.com .  If at any time you would like to change your personal data, or if you no longer wish to receive materials from us or would like your personal information removed from our database, please contact us at privacy@mackweldon.com. Alternatively, if you receive materials from us by email you can make use of the "unsubscribe" provision in our communications so that we know that you no longer wish to receive any materials from us.
 
2. PURPOSES FOR COLLECTING THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
 
3. SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA
Your consent via the establishment of an account allows us to share your personal data with our third-party service providers that assist us with our marketing efforts and with other marketers whose products or services we feel may be of interest to you. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please opt-out by updating your “My Profile” preferences here:  My Profile .
 
4. ANONYMOUS DATA
When we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party.
 
5. WE ARE COMMITTED TO MAKING SURE YOUR INFORMATION IS PROTECTED
 
6. INTERNATIONAL VISITORS 
 
7. RETENTION
 
8. WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO UPDATE AND REVISE THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME
 
9. IN THE EVENT WE ENGAGE IN A BUSINESS COMBINATION, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO TRANSFER ANY INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT THROUGH OUR WEBSITE
 
10. OUR WEBSITE MAY CONTAIN LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
Please be aware that we are not and cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites that you access through our website and that this Privacy Policy applies solely to the information which we collect through our website. We encourage you to ensure that you read the privacy statements of all the destination websites that you visit.
Mack Weldon is reinventing men’s basics. We believe in smart design, premium fabrics, and simple shopping.
Join our mailing list
