Updated February 21, 2018
This app contains a unique ID that is linked to your device. There is no way to link this ID to you as an individual. We use this ID to auto-update your app and any extensions. We may also use this ID to collect and aggregate information about the product features you use, how often you use the app, runtime environment and UI session activity. We anonymize this data to debug and improve the app and our services. You can always opt-out from sending this information by unchecking the box “Help improve Opera by sending feature usage information” in privacy settings.
You can use third-party search engines directly in Opera apps. The app sends your query to the engine, modifying the URL to make your search work with the third-party service. The app does not send any personal information with your search query.
When visiting some search engine websites, the website may query if it is set as the default search engine in the browser’s settings, and suggest to set itself as the default search engine. The browser provides a setting for users to opt-out of sharing this information with the search engine.
You can share your geographic location with websites and services using Opera products. Google provides the location service we use in our products. You can read about their privacy policies at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy . If you share your location to a website, your privacy is subject to their policies. We encourage you to share your location only to sites that you trust.
Geolocation shares information to Google about your actual location, such as your Wi-Fi connection or GPS data, and information about your approximate location, such as IP addresses or your mobile phone’s ID. We do not collect or store any of this information. Google retrieves this data and sends it to the site using the World Wide Web Consortium’s Geolocation API.
If Opera crashes, we collect a log that includes some information about your browser’s version, your operating system, platform and some memory data related to the crash. We collect this data with the sole purpose of improving our products and services.
We use a fraud prevention framework and check the URLs you visit against lists of known, malicious websites to protect you online. We don’t store or share this data.
To provide you with more relevant news content, you can allow us to share information about the articles you read in the news feed. This information is linked to your News ID and does not contain any personal data.
Opera browser for computers implements a “no-log” VPN service. We do not collect and store any personal data related to the service.
The software may include “Browser Assistant”, a component that provides you with contextual hints about certain Opera browser features and other useful information which you might be interested in. To improve your browsing experience as well as the relevance of hints, this component may collect feature usage statistics as well as feedback on the suggested hints.
Select your language:
