1. Introduction
The following Privacy Policy ("Policy") summarizes the various ways that we, Red Cactus LLC, which owns and operates Repost App, uses the information you provide to us or we gather from you while you access or use the website at www.repostapp.com (the "Site"), our mobile applications ("App"), and our currently or future related sites, apps and online services (collectively, the "Services"). It is our goal to provide you with information that is tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, respect your privacy.
Please read this Policy carefully. Your access to or use of any part of the Services will constitute your notice about our collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Policy. If you do not wish for us to collect, use, and disclose your information in accordance with this Policy, please do not access or use the Services.
This Policy applies solely to information collected by us through the Services and does not apply to any third-party activities, including third-party websites linked from our Services, third-party social networking platforms or features we make available through our Services, or third-party ads displayed on our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of those third parties.
We consider personal information to be information that can be traced directly back to and that identifies a specific individual or household, such as name, address, email address, and/or phone number, non-exclusively. We do not consider personal information to include information that alone does not allow a third party to easily identify a specific individual or household.
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. We understand, however, that the Services may be sought or used by individuals of any age having an Instagram account, through which our services are accessed. As such, it is important that we emphasize the following: 1) Any use of the Services by a User with a fictitious Instagram profile or that otherwise violates Instagram’s Terms of Service or other term of use is expressly in violation of this Policy and Repost App’s Terms of Service and is not permitted to use the Services.
2. The Information We Collect
We may also collect personal information from you in other ways, such as through contacts you may make with our customer support team.
We may, now or in the future, use tools, including third party analytical software, to automatically collect certain anonymous data about your device that does not directly identify you, such as: (i) device properties, including, but not limited to unique or other device identifier; (ii) device software platform and firmware; (iii) mobile phone carrier; (iv) geographical data such as country or region; (v) other similar data as reasonably required by us to enhance the Services and other products and services. We may use this information as described in this Policy, including, for example, to provide you with offers or opportunities based upon your location and shopping goals.
When you use our Services, we may automatically collect information about how you use our Services.
3. How We Use Your Information
We use the information we collect for internal and service-related purposes, such as to provide, improve, and personalize our Services, and to develop new ones. We also use the information to communicate with you in order to provide you with information we think may be useful or relevant to you; to promote the Services; to analyze information in order to offer user-anonymous data products to third parties; to facilitate the sharing of information, including transaction data, as set forth below; to enforce this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service , and to protect the rights, property, or safety of Red Cactus, LLC or its users; and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy. We may also use your personal information to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; to send you information related to your requests and purchases; link or combine your personal information with other information we get about your use of other Services and from third parties to help understand you and your needs, and provide you with recommendations, better service, and customized marketing; and protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
4. How We Share Your Information
While we will not knowingly share your information beyond any authorized disclosures, our Policy does not cover any other third parties, their products, actions, or their services. We cannot control how third parties collect, use, or secure your data. For information about third-party privacy practices, please consult their privacy policies.
In certain situations, businesses or third-party websites we're affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your personal information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service.
You can log in to our Services using sign-in services provided by third parties, including certain third party social networking platforms. Certain third-party services we may feature through our Services give you social media options to interact with buttons or widgets that let you like information or post information about your activities from our Site to third party sites and platforms publicly or within your network. These services will share certain personal information with us as described in the sign-in notices or in their privacy policies.
5. Compelled Disclosure
We may access, preserve, and disclose collected information, if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; respond to your requests; or protect your, our, or others ​rights, property, or safety. If all or a portion of Red Cactus, LLC or its assets are sold or transferred, personal information and other information we have collected may be treated as an asset and transferred in accordance with this Policy.
6. How Your Information Is Protected
We maintain data handling and storage practices and procedures that are designed to promote the integrity and confidentiality of personally identifiable information. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
7. What Choices Are Available To You On Our Service
We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your personal information after you update or delete it but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
8. International Visitors
Our Services are hosted in and intended for use in the United States by U.S. residents. We may transfer your personal information within Red Cactus, LLC and in accordance with this policy. We may also subcontract processing to, or share your information with, third parties located in countries other than your home country within the terms of this and other Red Cactus, LLC policies to which you consent.
By using the Services, you will transfer data to the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use, please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information to the United States and to Red Cactus, LLC. By accessing your Instagram account through Repost App or by providing your personal information through any of our Services, you consent to any transfer and processing in accordance with this Policy.
9. How To Contact Us
If you have questions or suggestions, please email us at support@redcact.us.
10. Updates to this policy
