 
 
Your Privacy
 
Definitions
"Non Personal Information" is information that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access our Website with a web browser. It may also include publicly available information that is shared between you and others.
 
Information We Collect
Generally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website.
 
Computer Information Collected
When you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. Such information is typically considered Non Personal Information. We also collect the following:
Cookies Our Website uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our Website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies.
DoubleClick Cookie Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Website or other sites on the Internet.
As a user of our Website, you may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Ads Preference Manager .
Third Party Tracking Tools We also use third party tracking tools to improve the performance and features of our Website. These third party tracking tools are designed to collect only Non-Personal Information about your use of our Website. However, you understand that such tools are created and managed by parties outside our control. As such, we are not responsible for what information is actually captured by such third parties or how such third parties use and protect that information.
Automatic Information We automatically receive information from your web browser or mobile device. This information includes the name of the website from which you entered our Website, if any, as well as the name of the website to which you're headed when you leave our website. This information also includes the IP address of your computer/proxy server that you use to access the Internet, your Internet Website provider name, web browser type, type of mobile device, and computer operating system. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our Users to help improve our Website.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information we receive from you as follows:
Customizing Our Website We may use the Personally Identifiable information you provide to us along with any computer information we receive to customize our Website.
Sharing Information with Affiliates and Other Third Parties We do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for marketing purposes. We may provide your Personally Identifiable Information to affiliates that provide services to us with regards to our Website (i.e. payment processors, Website hosting companies, etc.); such affiliates will only receive information necessary to provide the respective services and will be bound by confidentiality agreements limiting the use of such information.
Data Aggregation We retain the right to collect and use any Non Personal Information collected from your use of our Website and aggregate such data for internal analytics that improve our Website and Service as well as for use or resale to others. At no time is your Personally Identifiable Information included in such data aggregations.
Legally Required Releases of Information We may be legally required to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information, if such disclosure is (a.) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b.) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c.) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d.) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members; and/or (e.) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of LoversLab, our Users, employees, and affiliates.
Protecting Your Minor's Privacy
 
Links to Other Websites
 
Our Email Policy
 
Privacy Policy Updates
 
Questions About Our Privacy Practices or This Privacy Policy
 
 
 
This web page represents a legal document that serves as our Terms of Use and it governs the legal terms of our website, http://www.loverslab.com , sub-domains, and any associated web-based and mobile applications (collectively, "Website"), as owned and operated by LoversLab.
Capitalized terms, unless otherwise defined, have the meaning specified within the Definitions section below. This Terms of Use along with our Privacy Policy, any mobile license agreement, and other posted guidelines within our Website, collectively "Legal Terms", constitute the entire and only agreement between you and LoversLab, and supersede all other agreements, representations, warranties and understandings with respect to our Website and the subject matter contained herein. We may amend our Legal Terms at any time without specific notice to you. The latest copies of our Legal Terms will be posted on our Website, and you should review all Legal Terms prior to using our Website. After any revisions to our Legal Terms are posted, you agree to be bound to any such changes to them. Therefore, it is important for you to periodically review our Legal Terms to make sure you still agree to them.
By using our Website, you agree to fully comply with and be bound by our Legal Terms. Please review them carefully. If you do not accept our Legal Terms, do not access and use our Website. If you have already accessed our Website and do not accept our Legal Terms, you should immediately discontinue use of our Website.
 
 
 
Definitions
The terms "us" or "we" or "our" refers to LoversLab, the owner of the Website.
A "Visitor" is someone who merely browses our Website, but has not registered as Member.
A "Member" is an individual that has registered with us to use our Service.
Our "Service" represents the collective functionality and features as offered through our Website to our Members.
A "User" is a collective identifier that refers to either a Visitor or a Member.
 
Use Restrictions
Your permission to use the Site is conditioned upon the following Use Restrictions and Conduct Restrictions: You agree that you will not under any circumstances:
Access or use the site while under 18 years of age;
Post any information that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory, libelous, or racially, sexually, religiously, or otherwise objectionable and offensive;
Use the service for any unlawful purpose or for the promotion of illegal activities;
Attempt to, or harass, abuse or harm another person or group;
Use another user's account without permission;
Provide false or inaccurate information when registering an account;
Interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper functioning of the Service;
Make any automated use of the system, or take any action that we deem to impose or to potentially impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our servers or network infrastructure;
Bypass any robot exclusion headers or other measures we take to restrict access to the Service or use any software, technology, or device to scrape, spider, or crawl the Service or harvest or manipulate data;
Publish or link to malicious content intended to damage or disrupt another user's browser or computer; or
Violation of any site rules as listed within the Rules topic .
Posting And Conduct Restrictions
 
The following rules pertain to User Content. By transmitting and submitting any User Content while using the Service, you agree as follows:
You are solely responsible for your account and the activity that occurs while signed in to or while using your account;
You will not post information that is malicious, false or inaccurate;
You will not submit content that is copyrighted or subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy, publicity, trade secret, etc., unless you are the owner of such rights or have the appropriate permission from their rightful owner to specifically submit such content; and
You hereby affirm we have the right to determine whether any of your User Content submissions are appropriate and comply with these Terms of Service, remove any and/or all of your submissions, and terminate your account with or without prior notice.
 
Limited License
 
Legal Compliance
 
Intellectual Property
 
Links to Other Websites
 
Warranty Disclaimer
LoversLab reserves the right to change any and all Content and features of our Website, at any time without notice. While our Website is currently free to use, we may begin charging for use of all or part of its features at any time, without notice to you. Our Website may be temporarily unavailable from time to time for maintenance or other reasons. LoversLab assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, Member Content. LoversLab is not responsible for any technical malfunction or other problems of any telephone network or service, computer systems, servers or providers, computer or mobile phone equipment, Website, failure of email or players on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or any combination thereof, including injury or damage to anyone's computer, mobile phone, or other hardware or Website, related to or resulting from using, uploading, or downloading materials in connection with our Website. Under no circumstances will LoversLab be responsible for any loss or damage, including any loss or damage or personal injury or death, resulting from anyone's use of our Website, or for any interactions between Users of our Website, whether online or offline.
 
Limitation of Liability
LoversLab, as well as all our affiliates, shall not be liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage of any kind resulting in any way from (a.) any errors in or omissions from our Website; (b.) the unavailability or interruption of our Website; (c.) your use of our Website; or (d.) any delay or failure in performance of our Website.
LoversLab AND ITS AFFILIATES ARE NOT LIABLE FOR THE ACTS, ERRORS, OMISSIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, BREACHES OR NEGLIGENCE OR FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURIES, DEATH, PROPERTY DAMAGE, OR OTHER DAMAGES OR EXPENSES RESULTING THEREFROM. LoversLab AND ITS AFFILIATES HAVE NO LIABILITY AND WILL MAKE NO WARRANTY, REFUND, OR OTHER RESTITUTION TO YOU WITH REGARDS TO OUR WEBSITE, OTHER THAN AS SPECIFIED HEREIN, FOR ANY REASON, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DELAYS, CANCELLATIONS, STRIKES, GOVERNMENTAL ISSUES, OR FORCE MAJEURE.
 
 
 
(b.) DMCA Take-Down Notices. If you are a copyright owner or an agent thereof and believe, in good faith, that any materials provided on the Service infringe upon your copyrights, you may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (see 17 U.S.C 512) ("DMCA") by sending the following information in writing to our designated copyright agent at dmca@loverslab.com
The date of your notification;
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
A description of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and information sufficient to enable us to locate such work;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and/or email address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
(c.) Counter-Notices. If you believe that your User Content that has been removed from the Site is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the content in your User Content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to our copyright agent using the contact information set forth above:
Your physical or electronic signature;
A description of the content that has been removed and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed as a result of mistake or a misidentification of the content; and
Your name, address, telephone number, and email address, a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in New York and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
 
General Terms
Our Legal Terms shall be treated as though it were executed and performed in Utah, United States, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Utah, United States, without regard to conflict of law principles. In addition, you agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction and venue of such courts. Any cause of action by you with respect to our Website, must be instituted within one (1.) year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. Should any part of our Legal Terms be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that any Content in our Website conflicts or is inconsistent with our Legal Terms, our Legal Terms shall take precedence. Our failure to enforce any provision of our Legal Terms shall not be deemed a waiver of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision. The rights of LoversLab under our Legal Terms shall survive the termination of our Legal Terms.
Third Parties
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
The IPS Spam Defense Service passes the email address and IP address of the registering member to the service to determine the likelihood a registering account is a spam source.
SendGrid is used by this website to process and deliver emails.
This site uses a CAPTCHA to ensure humans are performing certain actions. The CAPTCHA provider may set a session cookie and get information about your internet browser and device accessing this website.
