Who We Are
At de-reviews.com, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of all visitors to our website. In particular, we want you to know that de-reviews.com is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes.
In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided detailed information on when and why we collect personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which we may disclose it to others, and how we keep it secure.
We take your privacy seriously and take measures to provide all visitors and users of de-reviews.com with a safe and secure environment.
Cookies
de-reviews.com may set and access de-reviews.com cookies on your computer.  Cookies are used to provide our system with the basic information to provide the services you are requesting.  Cookies can be cleared at any time from your internet browser settings.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
Google Analytics
When someone visits de-reviews.com we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to track things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site and interactions with the site. This information is processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of visitors to our website.
Website Comments
When someone visits de-reviews.com, there may be an ability to submit comments on particular articles or pages. When comments are submitted, you are entitled to use aliases or information that completely hides your identity. When a comment is submitted, the relevant details (name, email, website) that you provide are stored. These details are stored so that we can display your comment back to you, and to anyone viewing the comment sections on the site. We do not verify the information entered nor do we require verification.
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Mailing Lists (At the moment we are not using this service)
As part of the registration process for our e-newsletter, we collect personal information. We use that information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information; to check our records are right and to check every now and then that you’re happy and satisfied. We do not rent or trade email lists with other organizations, businesses or individuals.
We use a third-party provider, [AT THE MOMENT WE ARE NOT USING THIS SERVICE] to deliver our newsletter. We gather statistics around email opening and clicks using industry standard technologies to help us monitor and improve our e-newsletter. For more information, please see [AT THE MOMENT WE ARE NOT USING THIS SERVICE] privacy notice. You can unsubscribe to general mailings at any time of the day or night by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails.
Third Parties
There may be some circumstances where your IP address, geographic location, and other browser-related details may be shared with third-party companies. We may share your above-mentioned data with following third-party companies from time to time.
Google Analytics
Access to Your Personal Information
You are entitled to view, amend, or delete the personal information that we hold. Email your request to our data protection officer “Suman Roka” at “info@de-reviews.com” and we will work with you to remove any of your personal data we may have.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, de-reviews.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on de-reviews.com.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to de-reviews.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on de-reviews.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
de-reviews.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. de-reviews.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or websites.
You can opt out of all communication with de-reviews.com simply by leaving this page.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to our Privacy Policy in the future, however, the most current version of the policy will govern our processing of your personal data and will always be available at the following URL:
If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you by an update or email, where possible. By continuing to access or use our services, you agree to be bound to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@de-reviews.com.
Categories
Data Access Request
GDPR Request Form
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.
Data found will be sent to your email address and allow you to put in an additional request to have the data anonymized.
Copyright © 2016-2017, All rights reserved De-Reviews
RedWaves theme by Themient
