Respect for Your Privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. When you use Audible Magic’s websites (including but not limited to www.audiblemagic.com, support.audiblemagic.com, and contentregistration.audiblemagic.com), you are agreeing to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement. You may be from time to time be asked to provide particular information in connection with various services that Audible Magic may provide via this site or otherwise. You will at each such time have the option of providing or withholding such information. In some cases the withholding of particular information may not enable you to complete a particular transaction.
Unless we have your consent, we will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties for their marketing purposes. Your information may be provided to third parties that are operating on behalf of Audible Magic, solely for the purposes of Audible Magic’s own email marketing and communications.
Collecting Data
We collect personal information, such as name, address, IP address, location and telephone number, necessary to provide a safe, smooth, efficient, customized, and enjoyable experience using the Site and services provided by Audible Magic.
If you choose to use our services, we may require you to provide contact, identity, billing, shipping, and other personal and business information. We will use this data only to the extent necessary for the purpose of properly administering the agreement between us and protecting Audible Magic’s rights.
We receive and store any information you enter on the Site or give us in any other way, for example contact details provided in correspondence. We indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional, and the purpose the data will be used for. You are always free to withhold information by not using a particular service or feature, or to withhold consent for a particular purpose. We automatically track certain information based on how you use the Site. We employ this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect, and serve you.
We use “cookies” to help analyze our Web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. You can always decline our cookies if your browser permits. This means, though, that you may not be able to use certain features on the Site.
Using your information
We use your personal and business information to deliver the services and in the file we maintain about you. This information may be used, for example, to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; measure consumer interest in our products and services; inform you about products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our User Agreement; and in other ways we’ll describe at the time of collection.
We may use some of your personal information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; analyze Site usage; improve our content and product offerings; and customize the Site’s content, layout, and services.
Sharing Your Information
We will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, except for third parties which are operating on Audible Magic’s behalf. We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries as well as other third parties to enforce laws such as intellectual property rights, copyright laws, criminal laws and fraud. So, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, user history, fraud complaints, without a subpoena, and without advance notice to you. Settlement of disputes: we may disclose your name and contact details to another party that disputes a claim to any content that is registered by you with Audible Magic for the purpose of facilitating a settlement of that dispute.
Your Password
You are responsible for all actions taken with your User ID and password. For your protection, we recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. If you still choose to share your User ID and password, you are responsible for all actions taken with your account.
Changing Your Personal Information
As a Customer, you may automatically review and change the information you submit to us by logging into the Site and entering the new information. You must promptly update your personal information if it changes or is inaccurate.
If you want to withdraw your consent for the holding of any personal data that is not necessary for the purpose of administering any agreement between Audible Magic and you or your company, you may notify Audible Magic at helpdesk@audiblemagic.com. Audible Magic will promptly comply with your request.
Minors
Minors (persons under the age of 16) are not eligible to use the Site.
General Security
Audible Magic stores your information on our servers located in the United States of America. We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft. And we use unauthorized access and disclosure safeguards to protect your privacy such as encryption, firewalls and secure socket layers. We employ many different security techniques to protect this data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside the company. However, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
Changes to the Policy Statement
Internet technology is rapidly developing, and we need to maintain our flexibility to provide you with the best possible service. If we need to change our policy, we post these changes on the Site as soon as they go into effect.
Audible Magic, CopySense, Global Rights Registry, and RepliCheck are all trademarks or registered trademarks of the Audible Magic Corporation.
