Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement
Collection of your Personal Information
HANCHER collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, address or telephone number. HANCHER also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your zip code and interests.
HANCHER encourages you to review the privacy statements of web sites you choose to link to from HANCHER so that you can understand how those web sites collect, use and share your information. HANCHER is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on web sites outside of the HANCHER and HANCHER family of web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
HANCHER collects and uses your personal information to operate the HANCHER web site and deliver the services you have requested. HANCHER also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other events or services available from HANCHER, and other event sponsors which HANCHER serves. HANCHER may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services, or of potential new services that may be offered.
HANCHER does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
HANCHER does not use or disclose sensitive personal information without your explicit consent.
HANCHER will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on HANCHER or the site;
protect and defend the rights or property of HANCHER; and,
act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of HANCHER, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
HANCHER secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. HANCHER secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
HANCHER will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect company and customer feedback. HANCHER encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how HANCHER is protecting your information.
Contact Information
HANCHER welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that HANCHER has not adhered to this Statement, please contact:
Charles Swanson, Executive Director
141 E Park Rd
Iowa City, IA 52242
319-335-1130
 
