No items
No Carts
Ready to eat? Let us suggest a place to try out.
Privacy Policy
The Caviar Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") describes how we collect, use, and disclose information through our website, mobile applications, and other services. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (“you,” “your”) and how we use that information. By accessing and using Caviar, its Services (including its mobile applications) and Website, you agree to our Privacy Policy.
Information Collected
Account Information: When you register your account, we collect your name, valid email address, and password of your choice. You must also provide a delivery address and other contact information, such as a phone number, in order to facilitate deliveries. In order to make a purchase, you will need to submit your credit card or other payment information so that our service providers can process your payment.
Information We Collect From Your Use of the Service: We collect information from your use of the services such as:
Transaction Information. When you use Caviar to place orders, we collect information about when and where the orders occurred, a description of the orders, the payment, billing and delivery information, and information about the devices and payment methods used to complete the orders.
Location Information. When our application is open on your mobile device, we periodically receive information about the location of the device.
Device Information. We collect device-specific information when you access our Services, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information, and information about the device's interaction with our Services. We may also identify other software running on the device (but will not collect any content from such software) for anti-fraud and malware-prevention purposes.
Use Information. We collect information about how you use our Services, including your access times, browser information, and Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses.
Information Collected by Cookies and Web Beacons. We use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files that are stored on your hard drive or in device memory by a website. Among other things, cookies support the integrity of our registration process, retain your preferences and account settings, and help evaluate and compile aggregated statistics about user activity. We may also collect information using web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails. We may use web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness, and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.
Other Information You Provide: We also collect voluntarily provided information, which may include reviews, delivery instructions, subscriptions, referrals or any other actions performed on the services.
Third Party Data Tracking
We may allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services and to provide analytics services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Caviar and other companies to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of these third parties to learn more about their privacy practices. For more information about targeted advertising specifically, or to opt out of having your browser information used for these purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices .
Use of Information
We primarily use the information we collect to enable you to find and order food; to facilitate our delivery services; and to provide, maintain, and improve our Services.
We may use information we collect to send you news and information about our Services and to communicate with you about products, services, contests, promotions, incentives, and rewards offered by us and select partners. See your account settings for email and message preferences.
We may also use information about you to track and analyze trends and usage in connection with our Services; to process and deliver contest and promotion entries and rewards; to protect our rights or property; to verify your identity; to investigate and prevent fraud or other illegal activities; and for any other purpose disclosed to you in connection with our Services.
We may, or we may use third-party service providers to, process and store personal information in the United States and other countries.
Sharing of Information
We share your information with third-parties and service providers to facilitate food orders and delivery and to improve communication between our users and merchants. This may include sending email or text messages, tracking data, processing payments (including credit card payments, reward points), and providing customer service. We require that our third parties commit to not using such information except as necessary to provide their product or services.
We do not release, sell, or expose any your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy. However, we may disclose or share information with our Partners, Affiliates, and Advertisers to improve the Caviar product and user experience.
All data and statistical information collected by Caviar will be used and analyzed internally to improve our product.
Access to your Account and Content
We may access, use, preserve and/or disclose your account information and Content if legally required to do so or if we have a good faith belief that such access, use, disclosure, or preservation is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or request; (b) enforce these TOS, including investigation of any potential violation thereof; (c) detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or (d) protect the rights, property or safety of Caviar, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
Use of Location-Based Services
Caviar and its partners and licensors may provide certain features or services through the Service that rely upon device-based location information. To provide such features or services, where available, Caviar and its partners and licensors may collect, use, transmit, process and maintain your location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device, and you agree and consent to Caviar's and its partners' and licensors' collection, use, transmission, processing and maintenance of such location data to provide such services. In addition, by enabling and/or using any location-based services or features within the Service, you agree and consent to Caviar collecting, using, processing and maintaining information related to your account, and any devices registered thereunder, for purposes of providing such location-based service or feature to you. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device ID and name, device type and real-time geographic location of your device at time of your request. You may withdraw this consent at any time by not using the location-based features on your device. When using third party services that use or provide location data as part of the Service, you are subject to and should review such third party's terms and privacy policy on use of location data by such third party services. Any location data provided by the Service is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate, time-delayed or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, property or environmental damage. Neither Caviar nor any of its content providers guarantees the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data or any other data displayed by the Service.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
If the privacy policy changes, it will affect this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we believe that you are aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. We may notify you through email as well.
Security
Your personal information is extremely important to us. Your information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel have access to. Credit card information is encrypted. Promotional and referral codes are random alphanumeric sequences that are encrypted. In addition to our precautions, it is important that you do not share your password with anyone. Although we try our best to protect your information, we cannot completely eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.
Last updated on 01 December 2016.
