At The Simple Dollar, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you visit TheSimpleDollar.com, and how we safeguard your information.
Log Files: As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files includes your internet protocol (IP) address, your internet service provider (ISP), the browser you used to visit our site, the time you visited our site, and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies: We use cookies to give you the best experience possible on our webiste. For more information on cookies, visit: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ .
Essential cookies: Essential cookies are necessary for you to navigate and move around the site, and don’t store any information that could be used for advertising purposes. Without essential cookies, our website wouldn’t function properly.
Customization cookies: These cookies store information, such as your personal preferences, and use that to tailor an experience that’s unique to you. This could include only showing you a pop-up once in your visit, saving your language preferences, or allowing you to automatically log-in to some of our features.
Analytics cookies: Analytics cookies capture anonymous data so that we can see trends and improve our website experience. These allow us to test different designs, and help us to identify breakage if a part of our site isn’t working.
Ad cookies: Some of our third party advertisers may also use cookies or web beacons when they advertise on our site. These will send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, information on whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
By continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to the placement of cookies on your device. You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings. However, this can affect how you interact with our site as well as other websites.
Featured on:
Let's keep in touch. Get the best of The Simple Dollar, right in your inbox.
Sign up
We guarantee 100% privacy. This information will not be shared
Categories
Special Offer
