GENERAL
 
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. I may ask you for certain information such as your name, website, and e-mail address when you comment on my articles on when you try to contact me. I may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service. I use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service. The name, messages and website you provide on the web site will be published publicly. Your email address however will not be visible to the public. I require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
Improve the quality of my articles.
To notify you about new articles, news and updates about the blog or other information which I think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
However, I will not provide this information to third parties. I will not collect your address or telephone number unless you provide it to me voluntarily. In case you already provided this information and would like for me to remove it from my records, please contact me at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this Statement.
Facebook Comments
I embed Facebook Comments plugin to allow you to leave comment at our website using your Facebook account. This plugin may collect your IP address, your web browser User Agent, store and retrieve cookies on your browser, embed additional tracking, and monitor your interaction with the commenting interface, including correlating your Facebook account with whatever action you take within the interface (such as “liking” someone’s comment, replying to other comments), if you are logged into Facebook. For more information about how this data may be used, please see Facebook’s data privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/update
GooglePlus Comments
I use GooglePlus Comments widget at our website for you to be able to comment at our webpages using your GooglePlus account. From this interaction Google automatically collects and store certain information in server logs like IP address, device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Disqus Comments
I use Disqus Comments widget at our website for you to be able to comment at our webpages using Disqus commenting system. Disqus may collect information about you when you register for and use the Service. Such information may include “Personally Identifiable Information” which means information that identifies you as an individual, such information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, telephone number, username or account ID, and “Non-Personally Identifiable Information” which means information that does not identify you as an individual. Non-Personally Identifiable Information may include, but is not limited to, information about your browser, your IP address, device ID, what pages you visit on our Partner Sites, which website you came from, what advertisements you clicked on, whether on our Partner Websites, the Service or other third party websites, and other information about your online activity that does not identify you as an individual, in accordance with their data privacy policy: https://help.disqus.com/terms-and-policies/disqus-privacy-policy
ANALYTICS INFORMATION. I directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools and services, to help me measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, the type of Internet Browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and other information that assists me in improving the Service. I collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular individual user.
COOKIES INFORMATION. When you visit itgala.xyz, some information might be stored on your computer in a form of a file also known as cookie. These cookies will give me some information about how you use the site (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the site), and allows me to track your usage of the website over time. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. You can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored by following your web browser’s directions.I may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the website and in this case some information might be shared such as your location, browser, and cookie data. This is a must in order for my business partners to deliver advertisements (“ads”) that may be of interest to you. For example, Google uses DART cookies in order to deliver ads to you through my website. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to your sites and previous websites that you may have visited.Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page .
OTHER INFORMATION I COLLECT. I may collect other information that cannot be readily used to identify you, such as (for example) the domain name and IP address of your computer. I may use this information, individually or in the aggregate, for technical administration of my Web site; research and development; customer- and account administration. I will not give away, share or divulge this information with anyone.
CHIDREN’S PRIVACY. I do not collect or solicit any personal information (name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address) from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users. In the event that such information was collected or provided to me from a child under the age of 13th without verification of parental consent, a parent or guardian of that child should contact me at the e-mail address listed at the bottom of this Statement to request that this information be deleted from my records.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. I reserve the right to change this privacy policy as I deem necessary or appropriate because of legal compliance requirements. If you have provided us with an email address, we will endeavor to notify you, by email to that address, of any material change to how we will use personally identifiable information.
CONTACT. If you have questions or comments about this site privacy policy, if you have submitted personal information through this website and would like that information deleted from my records, please contact me at the following e-mail address:
itgalaxyzzz {at} gmail [point] com
Leave a Reply
Stay tuned! :)
