THIRD PARTY LINK DISCLAIMER
From time to time, Xcel Energy may provide links to third-party sites and content, which may be of interest to customers. Xcel Energy is not responsible for the accuracy or content of information contained in these sites and the inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorsement of the views expressed within them.  The appearance on any third party website of advertisements and product or service information does not constitute an endorsement by Xcel Energy, and Xcel Energy has not investigated the claims made by any advertiser.
PRIVACY POLICY
You can find information regarding how Xcel Energy regards privacy issues here . If you have questions about this policy or how we apply it, please email us or contact us .
SOCIAL MEDIA POSTING POLICY
Updated June 2012
Thank you for taking the time to read this comment policy. We look forward to your participation and an active exchange of ideas. If you have questions about this comment policy or how we apply it, please contact us at 1-800-895-4999.
We encourage you to share your thoughts as they relate to the topic being discussed, ask questions about energy efficiency and your energy usage, and share your energy-related stories. We expect comments to generally be courteous. Therefore, we have established the following policy for posted comments. We will remove comments that:
Contain obscene, indecent, harassing, threatening or profane language or libelous or defamatory statements;
Contain hate speech directed at race, color, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, ethnicity, age, religion, or disability; or
Promote or endorse services or products. (“non-commercial” links relevant to the topic or another comment are acceptable.)
Attack Xcel Energy employees;
Contain links or advertisements;
Violate copyright or intellectual property rights or Facebook’s terms of service or any laws or regulations;
Contain spam or are intended to cause technical disruptions to this page.
In addition, we will remove form letters with the same content from multiple users. Relevant comments or likes on previous published posts are always welcome. We reserve the right to delete excessive wall postings to improve the overall visitor experience. Anyone repeatedly posting material that violates these guidelines will be banned from participating on this Facebook page.
To protect your privacy, please do not include information (e.g., an e-mail address or phone number) in the text of your comment that identifies you. You can find additional information regarding how Xcel Energy regards privacy issues here: http://www.xcelenergy.com/staticfiles/xe/Admin/Xcel%20Online%20Privacy%20Policy.pdf .
USE OF #XCELENERGYTEAM
When employees engage with or on behalf of Xcel Energy in social media, employees are encouraged to note that they are an Xcel Energy employee. A great way to do this is by using #XcelEnergyTeam in their posts and social media communications. This hashtag is intended to disclose an employee’s affiliation with Xcel Energy and that any commentary employees add to their social media post represent the opinions of the employee and not those of Xcel Energy.
HOMESMART SOCIAL MEDIA ADS
Subject to terms and conditions • HomeSmart is not regulated by the Colorado PUC • Not available in all areas © Xcel Energy Inc. is a registered trademark of Xcel Energy Inc. Public Service Company of Colorado d/b/a Xcel Energy. Privacy Policy . Xcel Energy DATA PRIVACY CONSENT FORM .
