Views:
Transcription
1 8ch.net Privacy Policy Supersedes previous privacy policy dated December Wednesday, July 8, 2015; Effective Wednesday, July 22, 2015 Contents 1 Changelog Changes between the December version and the July version About this document 3 3 Reading and page views 3 4 Posting 3 5 SQL backups 3 6 Settings and Options 3 7 Board Owners and Volunteers 4 8 Private Messaging 4 9 Third Party Services 4 10 Data Sharing 5 11 Privacy Policy Updates 5 1
2 1 Changelog 1.1 Changes between the December version and the July version Permalink to the December version:   1. Removed information about ReCAPTCHA as it no longer applies (section 9); 2. Added new logging policy for board owner/volunteer logs (section 7); 3. Changed /meta/ to /operate/ in section 11; 4. Began using L A TEX to typeset this document, the old (shitty) system was Apple Pages. 2
3 2 About this document 8ch.net is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. This document will explain what data we store, why we store it and how it gets deleted. Under US law, there is no requirement that websites have a privacy policy nor any guidelines as to how the privacy policy should be constructed, so this document is written in plain English as to be easily understandable. Being an anonymous imageboard, 8ch.net does not collect much information from its users because we have no user accounts. This privacy policy only explains how the 8ch.net final server handles data. Please be aware that we use the CloudFlare reverse proxy, which redirects requests made to 8ch.net to our server. Their privacy policy is at   3 Reading and page views Every page view on 8ch.net is kept in a log for 24 hours. This is used for the purpose of generating our view statistics page at   Old entries fall off the log automatically via the "logrotate" program. These logs also serve as valuable debugging tools in case parts of the site fail to work (posting, mod.php) or the site is hit with a zero-day exploit in either the infinity software or one of the components such as PHP or nginx. 4 Posting When a post is made to 8ch.net, the posting user s IP (Internet Protocol) address is stored in the database, along with the parameters of their post (post body, subject, and name). The image they uploaded with their post, if applicable, is also stored on the disk. This information is retained in the database until one of the following happens: the post is deleted by the owner of a board or one of his volunteers; the post expires, or falls off the last page of the board due to new posts being made; the post is deleted by the user himself if the board allows user post deletion. 5 SQL backups In case the entire RAID that 8chan lives on fails, or a zero-day SQL injection attack or other major security flaw is found, SQL backups are made every hour. 24 SQL backups are kept on a remote server. If I am going on vacation, or am not going to be able to access a computer for an extended period of time, this number may be increased to 72. I will announce changes in the number of SQL backups that we keep. SQL backups are not perfect, and a lot of data is missed. Imagine the following situation: 1. A thread is created at 12:06PM UTC. 2. A board volunteer deletes the thread at 12:32PM UTC. Because SQL backups are made hourly, this thread will not be in any backup. 6 Settings and Options 8ch.net s default JavaScripts allow the user to set a number of options in their browser. These option values are not sent to the 8ch.net server and are stored in the HTML5 localstorage object and are used on the client by scripts to determine how elements on the page should display. 3
4 For example, localstorage.own_posts determines if posts should say (You) after them, and localstorage.youtube_size determines how large YouTube embeds should appear in your browser. 7 Board Owners and Volunteers A board owner and volunteer action log is kept. This log contains: 1. name and description of action; 2. board volunteer s username; 3. IP on which the volunteer took this action. This log is kept to resolve disputes and to keep a history of deletions in case global volunteers abuse their power. This log was previously only kept for 30 days, however, since I gave all board owners access to their log (mod.php?/log), I decided to retain it forever in case they want to go back and look at really old entries. Nothing stops them from saving the log anyway now that it is available to everyone so it is pointless to delete old entries. Board owners and volunteers also have a cookie stored in their browser. This cookie allows them to stay logged in. Board owners and volunteers do not see full IP addresses of users, only global volunteers and the admin can see that. Board volunteers see IPs that are hashed. Here is an example of the steps that create the hash: 1. Input: IP Input is masked with to become Input has its 0 s replaced with x s to become x.x 4. Input has SHA1(SHA1(input + secret_salt)) applied on it to become a hash. 5. The first ten characters of the hash are taken and displayed, in this case ad3fb7678b. The only information collected from board owners and volunteers at this time is a username. A password is auto-generated and can be changed at their discretion. This password is hashed and stored in the database via bcyrpt, so it is impossible for us to know the password of any user. 8 Private Messaging The board owner and volunteer panel has a private messaging system which allows board owners to communicate with each other, and with the board volunteers that they have chosen. These messages are stored unencrypted on the server. The information kept is who the message was sent from, who it was sent to, whether or not it has been read, and the time the message was sent. The IP of the sender or receiver is not kept. Private messages are never deleted. Global volunteers have no access to the private messaging system, the only way to view the messages is through looking at the database table. 9 Third Party Services 8ch.net uses a few third-party services at the current time, though we are attempting to lower our dependence on them. 4
5 1. YouTube thumbnails An effort is underway to download thumbnails from YouTube on the server and present local copies to our users, but for now we are directly hotlinking to YouTube s thumbnail service. This sends an HTTP request from your computer to YouTube s servers when you view a video thumbnail. 2. Advertising 8ch.net displays advertising from a number of vendors on some pages. If you do not block ads on 8ch.net via a software like Adblock Edge, HTTP requests will be sent to these vendors for the purpose of displaying ads. These vendors may also set cookies in your browser, but they can be unset via DoNotTrack. See their privacy policies for more information. 10 Data Sharing The non-public data we keep (HTTP request logs and IP logs) will only be shared with US law enforcement at their request via a legally executed warrant. If the site was attacked by a DDoS, rogue global volunteer or rogue /b/ volunteer, the IP of the attacker may be publicly posted by the 8ch.net administration. It is not possible to legally get non-public data via any other method. 11 Privacy Policy Updates Updates to the 8ch.net privacy policy will be communicated via Twitter account. Policy updates will be announced on that account via a tweet one week before they go into effect. If the update has, in my opinion, a chance of being controversial, I will start a thread on   about it for discussion as well. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you may  5
I agree.
