Walmart Policies and Guidelines
Find a list of Walmart's most frequently requested public policies and guidelines, including our store return policy, coupon policy and more.
Animal Welfare - Swine Assurance Position
At Walmart and Sam’s Club we are committed to providing our customers with safe, affordable, and sustainable food as well as promoting the humane treatment of animals.  We seek continuous improvement in animal welfare practices within our fresh pork supply chain.  As a result, in addition to our current programs, Walmart and Sam’s Club are launching a new tracking and audit program for our fresh pork supply. Every fresh pork supplier will be required to meet the new program requirements.
Walmart and Sam’s Club will continue to only accept fresh pork from animals raised under the standards of the National Pork Board’s (NPB’s) Pork Quality Assurance (PQA) Plus Program. Specific new tracking and audit requirements include:
Each fresh pork supplier must have on-farm video monitoring for sow farms and will be subject to unannounced animal welfare video audits by an accredited and independent third-party.
-  Implementation of video monitoring on sow farms must be complete on 20% of production supplied to Walmart and Sam’s Club on sow farms by the end of 2014, with another 20% of production added each year for the next 4 years. This will result in 100% coverage by the end of 2018.
-  Until all farms have video monitoring, an accredited and independent third-party will conduct annual on-site audits on farms without the technology. Farms will be given 72 hours notice. 
Each fresh pork supplier must implement an internal annual animal welfare audit for all farms that includes a grading system and corrective action tracking. This must occur at all farms.
-  These audits must be done by PQA Plus-certified personnel and must include annual audits and probable abuse audits.
-  These audits will be done with 72 hours notice.
-  The supplier must retain records on the audit results, including the grade, corrective actions and PQA Plus certification number.
Each supplier must make the documentation and results of the tracking and audit program available to Walmart as requested, but not less than twice annually. 
-  Walmart and Sam’s Club will work with suppliers to determine an acceptable level of required performance after a benchmark is determined based on the supplier information.
In addition, Walmart and Sam’s Club will make the following NPB PQA Plus program requirements mandatory:
Each supplier must not only ensure that key management personnel are PQA Plus Certified but also require each production site to ensure that key management personnel that handle pigs are PQA Plus Certified. 
Each site must participate in the NPB third-party verification pool.
At Walmart and Sam’s Club we value our relationships with US pork producers who are dedicated to providing the highest in quality and safety through practices that promote animal well-being. Our goal is to build more transparency and confidence in the fresh pork supply chain and in the pork industry overall through the above program.
Animal Welfare Position
Sustainable Products at Walmart and Sam’s Club | Our Pledge to Customers/Members
Our customers and members count on Walmart and Sam’s Club to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet. To meet those needs, we work with partners all along the supply chain to improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while working to offer quality products, everyday low prices and putting customers in charge of their food choices by helping provide clear, accurate information about food ingredients and production.
Farm Animal Welfare
Farm animals provide an important and nutritious source of protein. There is growing public interest in how food is produced and consumers have questions about whether current practices match their values and expectations about the well-being of farm animals. Animal science plays a central role in guiding these practices, but does not always provide clear direction. Increasingly, animal welfare decisions are being considered through a combination of science and ethics.
Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. Position
We recognize that farm animals play an important role in providing nutritious meat, dairy and eggs to our customers and members. We believe that farm animals in our supply chain should be treated humanely throughout their lives and that the welfare of farm animals should be considered in selection of all production systems, practices and technologies. Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. are committed to continuous improvement in the welfare of farm animals in our supply chain.
First, we expect that our suppliers will not tolerate animal abuse of any kind.
Second, we support the globally-recognized “Five Freedoms [1] ” of animal welfare as an aspiration for animal welfare in our supply chain:
Freedom from Hunger and Thirst – by providing ready access to fresh water and a diet to maintain full health and vigor.
Freedom from Discomfort – by providing appropriate environment including shelter and a comfortable resting area.
Freedom from Pain, Injury or Disease – by ensuring prevention or rapid diagnosis and treatment.
Freedom to Express Normal Behavior – by providing sufficient space, proper facilities and company of the animal’s own kind.
Freedom from Fear and Distress – by ensuring conditions and treatment which avoid mental suffering.
Third, we will work with our supply chain partners to implement practices consistent with the Five Freedoms of animal welfare.
What we’re asking of our suppliers
We’re asking Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. fresh and frozen meat, deli, dairy and egg suppliers to:
Report to authorities and take appropriate disciplinary and corrective action in any cases of animal abuse.
Adopt and implement the principles of the Five Freedoms in their own operations and industry producer programs, and publish a corporate policy on animal welfare.
Find and implement solutions to address animal welfare concerns including, but not limited to:
a. Housing systems that lack sufficient space, enrichment or socialization (for example, sow gestation crates, hen battery cages and veal crates);
b. Painful procedures where avoidable or without pain management (for example, tail docking, de-horning and castration);
c. Euthanasia or slaughter without rendering an animal insensible to pain [2].
Promote transparency by providing an animal welfare report to Walmart and publicly reporting against their animal welfare policy on an annual basis.   
[1] Five Freedoms.  http://webarchive.nationalarchives.gov.uk/20121007104210/http:/www.fawc.org.uk/freedoms.htm . Accessed May 6, 2015.
Antibiotics in Farm Animals Position
Sustainable Products at Walmart and Sam’s Club | Our Pledge to Customers/Members
Our customers and members count on Walmart and Sam’s Club to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet. To meet those needs, we work with partners all along the supply chain to improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while working to offer quality products, everyday low prices and putting customers in charge of their food choices by helping provide clear, accurate information about food ingredients and production.
Antibiotics in Agriculture
Antibiotics are used in farm animals to treat, control and prevent disease and to promote growth. In the United States, antibiotics must be approved as safe and effective by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Many antibiotics used in animals are also used in human medicine, and are categorized by the World Health Organization as “medically-important antimicrobials  [1] .” Antibiotics are a critical and scarce resource and their misuse may lead to antibiotic-resistance in bacteria, making human and animal disease more difficult to treat. According to the World Health Organization, Antibiotic resistance is a serious and growing threat to global public health  [2] .
Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. Position
We expect our suppliers to help protect the integrity of the food we sell by complying with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements as well as Walmart food safety standards. We recognize that antibiotics are one of many critical tools used to keep animals healthy and that they should be used responsibly to preserve the effectiveness of antibiotics in human and veterinary medicine. Responsible use begins with the adoption and implementation of judicious use principles, such as those developed by the American Veterinary Medical Association. Judicious use includes disease prevention strategies, appropriate veterinary oversight, accurate record-keeping and careful review before antibiotics are used.
Furthermore, we believe that antibiotics should only be used for medical purposes (treatment, control and prevention of disease) and not for growth promotion.
Finally, antibiotics should be used transparently to build accountability and public trust in the food system. We support public reporting of antibiotic use. We also support consistency of on-pack product claims in order to ensure clarity and usefulness of information to our customers and members.
What we’re asking of our suppliers
We’re asking Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. fresh and frozen meat, seafood, deli, dairy and egg suppliers to:
1.    Comply with all federal, state and local regulatory requirements as well as Walmart food safety standards.
2.     Adopt and implement  American Veterinary Medical Association Judicious Use Principles of Antimicrobials  [3]  in their own operations and in their industry producer programs, including but not limited to:
        a.     Disease prevention strategies;
        b.     Appropriate veterinary oversight;
        d.     Careful review before antibiotics are used; and
        e.     Limit medical antibiotic use to ill or at-risk animals.
3.     Adopt and implement U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s Voluntary Guidance for Industry #209  [4]  (Judicious Use of Medically Important Antimicrobial Drugs) in their own operations and in their industry producer programs, including elimination of growth promotion uses of medically-important antibiotics.
4.     Eliminate growth promotion uses of all antibiotics  [5] .
5.     Promote transparency by providing an antibiotics management report to Walmart and publicly reporting antibiotic use on an annual basis.
[1]  WHO Critically Important Antimicrobials for Human Medicine.  http://www.who.int/foodsafety/publications/antimicrobials-third/en/ . Accessed May 6, 2015.
[2]  WHO Media Centre. WHO’s first global report on antibiotic resistance reveals serious, worldwide threat to public health. http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2014/amr-report/en/ . Accessed May 6, 2015.
[3]  AVMA Judicious Therapeutic Use of Antimicrobials.  https://www.avma.org/KB/Policies/Pages/Judicious-Therapeutic-Use-of-Antimicrobials.aspx . Accessed May 6, 2015.
[5]  Except ionophores, consistent with European classification of ionophores as non-antibiotics.
California B & P Code #22435
California B & P Code #22435 prohibits the unauthorized possession or removal of shopping carts from WALMART Stores and Sam’s Club premises.  If a WALMART or Sam’s Club shopping cart is found off the store/club premises, please call 1-800-WALMART for cart pickup.  Thank you.
Conflict Minerals Policy
The Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) has adopted rules requiring publicly traded companies to report on products they manufacture or contract to manufacture that contain tin, tantalum, tungsten or gold (“3TG” or “conflict minerals”) mined in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries (“DRC Countries”) under circumstances that contribute to or support human rights violations. 
As a member of the Retail Industry Leaders Association’s (RILA’s) Conflict Minerals Program Executive Committee, we have partnered with other retailers to produce training materials and tailor the questionnaire originally developed by the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) and the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (GeSI) to be more specific to retail suppliers.  We have also engaged third party firms with specialized experience in various aspects of conflict minerals to assist Walmart in the development and implementation of our program, which includes due diligence activities consistent with the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) Guidelines. Walmart understands that awareness and cooperation among its supply chain participants is essential to any responsible sourcing initiative.  By holding product suppliers accountable for the principles in this policy, Walmart believes its conflict minerals program will help drive necessary transparency in the supply chain and further the ultimate goal of ending armed conflict in the DRC. 
Walmart expects its product suppliers to actively support Walmart’s conflict minerals compliance efforts by:adopting responsible mineral sourcing policies in dealing with their supply chains that are consistent with this policy and the OECD guidance,
supplying products to Walmart that do not contain 3TG minerals that have been sourced under circumstances that contribute to or support human rights violations in the DRC, and
providing evidence to support their representations as to the conflict minerals status of their products upon request.
More information about the efforts of the RILA Conflict Minerals Program can be found at  www.conflictmineralscompliance.org .  
Updated: November 10, 2017
This policy applies to all properties owned or operated by Walmart Inc., or one of its subsidiary companies (excluding Sam’s Club locations) in the United States (Walmart).
Manufacturer Coupon Policy
To help our customers save money and live better, we gladly accept valid paper manufacturer coupons issued by manufacturers of products that Walmart sells. These paper manufacturer coupons must scan at the register and must not be expired in accordance with the following guidelines.
Coupon Guidelines - Walmart accepts the following
Manufacturer Coupons
Accept only one paper manufacturer coupon per item.
Walmart will follow the manufacturer’s limitations as stated on the coupon
Example: 4 coupons for the same item
There is no limit on the number of coupons (variety) that can be used in a total transaction
All coupons require the following information printed on them.
"Manufacturer Coupon"
A GS1 barcode that can be scanned
A valid remit billing address for the manufacturer of the product being purchased
A valid expiration date and must be presented before expiration
Walmart accepts Dollars/Cents Off coupons and BOGO (Buy One Get One Free)
All coupons must be presented to the cashier at the time of purchase.
Coupons cannot be applied after the transaction is completed or to previous purchases.
Items purchased must match the coupon description (brand, size, quantity, color, flavor, etc.). Acceptance of unmatched coupons is against policy and will be denied.
Coupons must scan at the register, as the GS1 on the coupon validates to a master file.
Coupons are void if copied, scanned, altered, transferred, purchased, sold, or as prohibited by law.
The coupon value will be applied to the price of an item allowing any overageto be applied to the transaction total.
In select instances, Walmart may give cash after overages are applied to the transaction total (remaining basket).
SNAP items purchased in a SNAP transaction are applied to the basket purchase and are ineligible for cash back.
WIC items purchased in a WIC transaction are applied to the basket purchase and may not be eligible for cash back. Refer to state specific WIC guidelines.
Walmart reserves the right to limit quantities to ‘typical retail purchases’ except in states where it is prohibited (NM).
Internet (Print-at-Home) Coupons
We gladly accept valid, internet manufacturer coupons for the manufacturer’s items with a GS1 barcode that scans at our register and are not expired.
We do not accept internet coupons for free items with no purchase requirements.
Internet coupons that display characteristics below will not be accepted:
Blurry
Appear to be altered in any way
Buy One Get One Free Coupons (BOGO)
BOGO manufacturer coupons cannot be combined by using a 2nd manufacturer BOGO coupon on the 2nd item (i.e. you cannot use two BOGO manufacturer coupons on two items and get both for free). Unless stated otherwise on the coupon, the use of one Buy One Get One Free coupon requires that two of the valid items are presented at checkout of which one item will be charged to the customer at the full price and the 2nd item will be discounted by its full retail price.
A BOGO manufacturer coupon and a Dollar/Cent Off coupon cannot be combined (i.e. you cannot use a BOGO coupon and a Dollar/Cent Off coupon on two items). Unless stated otherwise on the coupon, the use of one Buy One Get One Free coupon requires that two of the valid items are presented at checkout of which one item will be charged to the customer at the full price and the 2nd item will be discounted by its full retail price.
Walmart does not accept BOGO manufacturer coupons with a percentage (i.e. buy the first item at full price get 50% off the 2nd item).
Returns
Returns of items purchased using Manufacturer Coupons may receive the coupon value returned in the original form of tender, thus providing the full purchase price back to the customer.
Coupons will not be given back upon return of the merchandise.
Walmart reserves the right to decline the return of items purchased with manufacturer coupons.
Exclusions
Walmart does not accept (mobile) digital coupons, (example: coupons scanned off a mobile phone).
Walmart does not accept expired coupons
Walmart does not accept counterfeit coupons (VISA, MC, AMEX, Applebee’s or any coupons made by a third party.
Walmart does not accept vouchers or gift certificates.
Walmart reserves the right to not accept UPC-A coupon barcodes.
Walmart reserves the right not to accept manufacturer coupons with no matching requirements (e.g. 992 family code).
Acceptance of unmatched manufacturer coupons to the correct purchase item is against policy and the coupon will be denied.
Walmart does not accept competitor /retailer coupons
Walmart does not accept bottle caps for redemption.
Walmart does not honor double or triple coupons.
Disclaimer
In select circumstances a register prompt will occur during coupon transactions that require a CSM or Management to validate the manufacturer coupon(s).
In all situations, we reserve the right to refuse, or limit the use of any coupon and/or the subsequent return for any reason, including if the customer behavior becomes disruptive (reoccurring) or the items are deemed not to be for the purpose of using or gifting.
Store Management has the final decision in taking care of the customer
Walmart will work with the appropriate law enforcement authorities to prosecute individuals using counterfeit coupons or using coupons inappropriately.
Walmart reserves the right to update or modify the terms of the OP-41 Manufacturer Coupon Policy and it’s strategies at any time.
Contacts
Walmart Store Support 700-WALMART
Cage-Free Egg Supply Position
Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club U.S. are committed to continuous improvement and aspire to achieve the globally-recognized “Five Freedoms” of animal welfare for farm animals in our supply chain. To meet this aspiration for our egg supply, we are working alongside our suppliers on a comprehensive set of welfare priorities for laying hens. Welfare issues are complex and management is needed across a number of attributes.
In an effort to provide sustainable and high quality products for our customers, we adopt the following position on eggs in our supply chain:
We will require that 100% of our shell egg supply, indiscriminate of production system, be certified and fully compliant with United Egg Producers (UEP) Animal Husbandry Guidelines or equivalent standard. This includes, but is not limited to:
a.   Only non-feed withdrawal molt methods permitted
b.   Adherence to guidelines on beak trimming, handling and euthanasia
c.   Requirements  for cage-free systems, as applicable, including:
          i.      An enriched environment including nests, perches and litter
          ii.      Minimum space of 1.0 square foot per hen
d.  Annual third party audit to be conducted by USDA/AMS or Validus (as approved by UEP)
By 2025, our goal is to transition to a 100% cage-free egg supply chain, subject to regulatory changes and based on available supply, affordability and customer demand.
We challenge our suppliers to use selective breeding, innovation and best management practices to improve the health and welfare of laying hens. This includes improving mortality rates and reducing painful procedures like beak trimming. We will be tracking continuous improvement against these metrics as part of our Sustainability Index.
Deforestation Policy
UPDATED: November 12, 2017
Sustainable Products at Walmart
Our customers count on Walmart to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet, through actions that build transparency and trust. We work with others, including suppliers, NGOs, and governments, all along the supply chain to help improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while aiming to offer quality products at affordable prices with a time-saving shopping experience.
Sustainable Forests
Walmart recognizes the important role of healthy forests for society, as well as for our business. Forests provide numerous benefits to people and the planet: a home for people that live in forests, habitat for a vast number of species, carbon storage, and water flow regulation and purification. Forests are directly responsible for 1 in 4 people’s livelihoods, they are important sources for products like paper and furniture, and they provide fundamental environmental services that people and agriculture depend upon.1 As the global population increases, Walmart believes that changes to sourcing and production of products are necessary in order to continue to meet the expectations of our customers and to help preserve forests as a resource.
Walmart’s Position
Walmart understands that our aspiration to deliver more sustainable products means leveraging our position as a trusted retailer and brand to help protect forests and biodiversity, while working to reduce our carbon footprint. We believe we can deliver the greatest impact by creating a higher demand for zero net deforestation products, supporting and enabling transparency, and investing in sustainable sourcing regions.
As a member of the Consumer Goods Forum, we supported the resolution to achieve zero net deforestation in our supply chain by 2020. In 2015, we also joined public and private sector leaders and signed onto the New York Declaration on Forests. In furtherance of these public commitments, and as described below, Walmart is focusing on four key commodities that, according to the World Economic Forum, are responsible for more than 70% of global deforestation in tropical forests: palm oil, pulp and paper, beef, and soy.2 Although we are focused on these four commodities for 2020, we recognize that additional production types also contribute to deforestation such as other food types, lumber and forest-based fabrics. We encourage our suppliers of these types of products to work to source products produced with zero net deforestation as well. We ask suppliers to avoid ancient and endangered forests, to encourage conservation solutions, and to increase recycled content.
Walmart recognizes that no company can solve deforestation on its own and that we must leverage our ability to promote sustainable agricultural production and sourcing beyond our private brands, and even beyond our retail supply chain. We recognize the importance of collaboration with our suppliers, our peers, governments and NGOs to address deforestation and promote sustainable production at an industry level. This will require new approaches and solutions at both the jurisdictional and landscape level that drive results on the ground by engaging both governments, to improve policy and increase scale, as well as the market with clear demand signals for more sustainable products.
We will publicly share our progress annually in our Global Responsibility Report and will continue to engage in the development of public disclosure tools and reports.
Key Commodities
Palm Oil
Palm oil is an ingredient in a variety of food and consumer products, and is also widely used as cooking oil in many parts of the world. According to the World Wildlife Fund, high demand for palm oil has contributed to deforestation, which increases the amount of greenhouse gas released into the atmosphere through burning of forested lands, and leads to the loss of natural habitat of endangered species and conflict over land and natural resources.3 To address these and related issues in the palm oil supply chain, stakeholders created the Roundtable on Sustainable Palm Oil (RSPO) to develop and maintain global standards for sustainable palm oil.
Walmart’s Goal
By 2020, Walmart’s aim is that private brand products with palm oil will be sourced with zero net deforestation in accordance with the principles and criteria of the RSPO, or equivalent, standards.
Our Approach
We ask our global private brand suppliers to:
Source and use palm oil in accordance with the principles and criteria of the RSPO (mass balance and segregated supply chain systems), or equivalent standards, in 100% of Walmart private brand products by the end of 2020.
Engage with the RSPO standards review process to improve the existing standard to sufficiently cover guarding against the expansion into high carbon stock forests, protecting peat lands, reducing greenhouse gas emissions and improving quality control.
Maintain (and make available upon request) comprehensive records about the volume of crude palm oil and verification of sustainable palm oil used in Walmart private brand products on an annual basis, as well as disclosing the origin (geographic region, country, state/province, plantation, and trader) by 2020
We also encourage our national brand suppliers to improve their palm oil sourcing practices in accordance with the RSPO. Walmart will continue to advocate, alongside the RSPO, NGOs, suppliers and others, to make zero net deforestation the norm in the industry – including encouraging a multi-stakeholder approach to strengthen current standards.
Pulp and Paper Products
According to the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) forty percent of the world’s annual industrial wood harvest is processed into paper and paperboard.4 Sustainable sourcing of these products is important to foster forest health and to secure availability of forest resources into the future. Sustainable forest management protects biodiversity, High Conservation Value (HV) and High Carbon Stock (HCS) areas, enhances ecosystem functions and water quality and quantity, helps prevent conversion of natural forests to plantations or other land uses, helps promote indigenous peoples’ and worker rights, and mitigates greenhouse gas emissions.
Walmart’s Goal
By 2020, Walmart’s goal is that private brand products made of pulp and paper will be sourced with zero net deforestation. Walmart aims to implement sustainable pulp and paper procurement practices that promote sustainable management, conservation, protection and restoration of the world’s forests. Our primary focus is on products containing pulp and paper from wood fiber, since it is the predominant material used in the creation of our paper products.
Our Approach
We ask our global private brand suppliers to:
Proactively conduct risk assessment to understand forest fiber sources and species used, and transition supply away from higher risk sources to certified and recycled sources.
Source virgin fiber from sources certified to internationally recognized forest, fiber, and chain-of-custody certification standards. We expect suppliers to be able to track and report the origin of their fiber raw materials. We recognize Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Sustainable Forest Initiative (SFI) and Program for Forest Endorsement (PEFC) certification programs, with preference for FSC certification – especially in high priority countries5 – when it is available in quantities, performance characteristics and prices that meet our suppliers’ needs.
Work to increase the use of recycled content where feasible. The use of recycled fiber has reached high levels in some paper grades, but there are still opportunities to increase recycled fiber usage where technical and quality specifications allow.
Maintain (and make available upon request) comprehensive records about the volume of pulp and paper products and certification status of fiber and recycled content used in Walmart private brand products, as well as the country of origin and wood species used to make the fiber.
Brazilian Beef
Beef production is the leading driver of deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest and the Cerrado, a wooded savannah south and east of the Amazon.6 These areas are two of the most bio-diverse biomes in the world, and play critical roles in the global climate.7 Brazil is the second largest producer of beef and the top global exporter since 2004.8,9 The growth of the cattle sector and shift in regions of production in Brazil has had an increasing impact on the Amazon and Cerrado, leading to increased deforestation levels.10
Walmart’s Goal
By 2020, Walmart plans to source fresh beef from Brazil that has zero net deforestation. Walmart also aims to increase transparency and monitoring in the Brazilian beef industry while helping to promote productivity increases on existing cattle lands that meet sustainable grassland management, conservation, protection, and restoration expectations. Walmart will continue to advocate, alongside the CGF, NGOs, suppliers and others, to make zero net deforestation the norm in the industry.
Our Approach
We ask all fresh beef suppliers sourcing from Brazil to:
Source and use only beef that has been produced with zero net deforestation across all sensitive biomes in Brazil by the end of 2020: the Amazon, the Cerrado, and other sensitive biomes; report traceability of the beef chain through Walmart’s Brazil Beef Monitoring System to undergo geospatial mapping for risk assessment (slaughterhouse and full farm traceability - including direct and indirect farms).
Maintain (and make available upon request) comprehensive records about the volume of fresh beef and verification of zero net deforestation beef sold to Walmart, as well as the origin (slaughterhouse name and location, full farm traceability with names and locations, and date of slaughter).
Brazilian Soy
Soy is prevalent in our food products. According to WWF, about 75% of the world’s soy production is fed to livestock.11 Additionally, more than 60% of processed foods have soy as an ingredient. According to CGF,12 the world is projected to consume 70 to 80 million metric tons of additional soybeans annually over the next 10 years.13 Soy is a crop that has been associated with the conversion of some of the most species-rich lands in the world, leading to serious deforestation.14 With soy demand increasing, it is important to both increase the productivity of soy and achieve zero net deforestation from soy production. Brazil produces 30% of global soy and is the world’s largest soybean exporter. Brazilian soy exports are projected to increase by 35% by 2025.15
Walmart’s Goal
By 2020, soy sourced from Brazil is expected to be sourced with zero net deforestation. Walmart supports the indefinite extension of the Soy Moratorium in Brazil’s Amazon region. Additionally, Walmart actively supports regional agreements regarding zero net deforestation in additional high risk biomes. This includes multi-stakeholder and government engagement in critical higher-risk regions, such as the Amazon, the Cerrado, and the Gran Chaco to achieve zero net deforestation at the regional level with geospatial monitoring.
Our Approach
We ask all suppliers selling soy or products that have a soy ingredient or feed to:
Maintain a footprint analysis to identify sourcing from higher-risk regions: the Amazon, the Cerrado; and other sensitive biomes.
Source and use only soy that has been produced with zero net deforestation across all sensitive biomes in Brazil by the end of 2020; report traceability of soy chain with geospatial mapping for risk assessment. (Crushing plant level traceability with credible soy basin definition).
Maintain (and make available upon request) comprehensive records about the volume of soy and verification of zero net deforestation soy sold to Walmart, as well as the origin (crushing plant and soy basin name and location).
Updated: June 29, 2012
Walmart Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates worldwide (collectively "Walmart" or the "Company"), are committed to maintaining the highest possible ethical standards and complying with all applicable laws. In all of its operations, Walmart seeks to avoid even the appearance of impropriety with respect to the actions of any of its officers, directors, associates, employees, agents or representatives. This policy prohibits corrupt payments in all circumstances, whether in dealings with government officials or individuals in the private sector.
General Directives
It is the policy of Walmart to comply with all relevant Anti-Corruption laws including, but not limited to, the US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA") and the UK Bribery Act.
Accordingly, Walmart prohibits anyone acting on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, from making or receiving improper payments.
Improper payments means receiving or paying bribes or giving, offering, or promising to give money or anything else of value to any person, including any Government Official, in order to improperly influence any act or decision of a person, or to otherwise gain an improper benefit for the Company.
A Government Official may include, but is not limited to, any officer or employee of a foreign government, a public international organization, a member of a political party, a candidate for foreign political office, any foreign government department or agency thereof, or any official or employee of a state-owned business enterprise.
The use of Walmart funds or assets for any illegal, improper, or unethical purpose is strictly prohibited.
Compliance with this Global Anti-Corruption Policy (the “Policy”) is required of all associates and third parties that are engaged to interact or may interact with government officials on the Company’s behalf. All associates are responsible for ensuring that third parties with whom they interact fully understand and follow the policy and associated procedures in their activities related to Walmart business.
Violations 
Any associate or third party who violates this policy in connection with Walmart business will be subject to disciplinary measures, up to and including termination in the case of an associate, or termination of business relations in the case of a third party and, where appropriate, referral of the matter to relevant law enforcement authorities.
Global Implementation of Anti-Corruption Policy 
To effectively implement this policy, Walmart shall maintain an effective risk-based Global Anti-Corruption Program (the "Program") designed to prevent, detect, and remediate bribery and recordkeeping violations. As part of the program, Walmart shall adopt operating procedures specifically targeted to the corruption risks that exist for all of its operations, worldwide. Management in each affected area shall be responsible for ensuring that adequate resources are devoted to maintaining effective compliance programs. A senior executive at Walmart Inc., shall be given overall responsibility for the Program, and shall report regularly to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of Walmart Inc., which shall exercise reasonable oversight as to the implementation and effectiveness of the Program.
The procedures and governance used to implement this policy, shall include, at a minimum:
Effective controls on the disbursement of funds and other assets to ensure that disbursements are not made for improper purposes;
Measures to ensure that books and records accurately reflect the disposition of assets;
Clearly articulated standards of behavior as included in Walmart's  Statement of Ethics , which shall be well publicized to all of Walmart's operations, worldwide;
Clearly defined roles, responsibilities, and reporting lines for day-to-day management and implementation of the compliance procedures;
Effective training of executives, associates and, where appropriate, third parties regarding relevant anti-corruption standards and procedures;
Testing by Internal Audit or a third party for compliance with the anti-corruption procedures, including review of expenditures for operations that interact with government officials;
Corruption risk assessments conducted annually;
Conducting due diligence of third parties engaged to interact with government officials on behalf of the Company;
Effectively publicized means to report or seek guidance on actual or potential anti-corruption issues, as well as procedures for responding to such reports or requests;
Regular review and, if necessary, revisions or updates to this policy and to the related procedures where appropriate, including in response to legal, regulatory, or industry changes or violations of the Anti-Corruption Policy;
Appropriate incentives and punishments for associates, executives and third parties for adherence to or violations of, respectively, the relevant policy and related procedures.
Reporting
Every associate or third party who has information that this policy or related procedures may have been violated, or believes he or she is being asked to pay a bribe or receive a bribe, or otherwise act in contravention of this policy shall immediately report the event, as provided by Walmart's Statement of Ethics. Reports shall be made, and may be made anonymously to any officer (Vice President or above) of the Company, Global Ethics, the International Global Ethics Helpline, or the International Anti-Corruption Compliance Manager/Director. Reports may also be made to the Local Ethics Helpline, the legal department, the Compliance and Ethics Office or the Market Anti-Corruption Compliance Manager/Director. If anyone receives a report through the Open Door process he or she shall promptly forward the report to one of the contacts stated in this paragraph. Anyone who receives a report through any of the channels stated in this paragraph shall immediately report to the Global Ethics Helpline.
Contact information for making reports through the International or Local Helplines are below:
Walmart's International Global Ethics Helpline: 800-WM-ETHIC (800-963-8442)
Specific country contact information can also be found on  www.walmartethics.com
Anyone who reports a suspected violation of this policy will not be subject to disciplinary action or retaliation for the act of making the report. However, anyone who reports a suspected violation may be subject to disciplinary action to the extent he or she violated any Walmart policy or procedure. 
Government Relations Policy
Updated: May 2, 2013
This policy applies to all associates who work for Walmart Inc., or one of its subsidiary companies, in the United States ("Walmart"). 
Policy 
Walmart’s Government Relations Departments (US Government Relations, Public Affairs and Government Relations) coordinate company interactions with elected officials and legislative and regulatory bodies at the federal, state and local level.  To help ensure consistent management of these relationships, all conversations and engagement with elected officials or government agencies should be done in coordination with your Government Relations contact.  Associates wishing to represent Walmart’s corporate position on public policy or political matters should seek guidance from Government Relations before expressing such views.  In addition, all such interactions with public officials, including their support staff, should be reported to Government Relations, as certain contact can constitute “lobbying” which is reportable. 
Government Relations, partnership with Corporate Affairs, coordinates the activities and administration of the Walmart Inc., Political Action Committee for Responsible Government (WAL-PAC).  WAL-PAC is the primary entity authorized to make political contributions in support of our business.  Corporate funds shall not be provided to political candidates, entities or organizations without the express knowledge and consent of Government Relations. 
If you are approached by a political candidate or organization in your store or club, please call the Home Office Government Relations at 479-277-0934. 
Please refer any other questions in the area to Government Relations at the number listed above. 
With respect to fundraising, the following rules shall apply in addition to all applicable laws: Officers of Walmart may distribute political literature or engage in political solicitation, as approved by an Executive Vice President.
Associates assigned to the Corporate Affairs Department may engage in political solicitation or political distribution, as approved by the Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs.
For further guidance, contact: 
479-273-4313 
For further information on our federal and state policy oriented activities please click  here .
Non-Discrimination - Healthcare Services
Valued Healthcare Customer:
At Walmart, we respect the dignity of each individual who visits our stores and are committed to making our goods, services, and facilities accessible to everyone.
Walmart does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability and strictly prohibits retaliation against any person making a complaint of discrimination. Additionally, we gladly provide our healthcare customers with language assistance, auxiliary aids and services at no cost. We value you as our patient and your satisfaction is important to us.
If you need assistance or have concerns with your healthcare services, please speak with the Walmart Pharmacy, Vision Center, or Care Clinic manager. If you are not satisfied, please contact us using one of the methods below so that we can better serve you.
To learn about or use our grievance process, contact the office of our Vice President, US Ethics and Employment Compliance at 1-800-WM-Ethic, www.walmartethics.com/home.aspx or ethics@wal-mart.com .
To file a complaint of discrimination, contact the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Civil Rights at 1-800-368-1019 or 1-800-537-7697 (TDD), https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/cp/wizard_cp.jsf or OCRComplaint@hhs.gov .
Photo and Video Use Policy
All photos and videos in the  Media Library  are made available to accredited news organizations. Walmart grants its permission for use of these items for the sole purpose of accompanying related news content in print, broadcast and online channels by professional news organizations. Any other use without the written permission of Walmart is prohibited. Content may be attributed "Courtesy of Walmart" where news organizations require attribution.
Content posted on Walmart's social media channels, including but not limited to  YouTube ,  Facebook ,  Flickr  and  Twitter , that is not posted in the  Media Library , is available for use without objection from Walmart for the purposes of complementing news coverage. However, Walmart does not represent or assure any rights of publicity, copyright or other rights associated with these images.
We will match Walmart.com and Jet.com base price, for identical items purchased in a Walmart store.
The customer must inform the associate of the price
The item must be currently in-stock on Walmart.com at the time the Price Match is requested
We reserve the right to verify the price and the availability of the identical item (i.e., size, model, quantity, brand, or color, etc.)
· If the register prompts for supervisor approval, the supervisor must verify the price and availability of the identical item (i.e., size, model, quantity, brand, or color, etc.), by logging onto the Walmart.com website through a store terminal, before the price will be matched.
We reserve the right to limit quantities to one-per-customer, per item, per day
Quantities are limited in New Mexico only for the purchase for resale
We do not match:
Prices from Walmart Marketplace Retailers or the Marketplace Retailers of competitors, third-party sellers, auction sites, or sites requiring membership
Bundle offers, Instant Rebates, Mail-in Offers, Offers that include financing, Advertisements that require a purchase to receive a gift card, Percentage Off, or Buy One Get One Free advertisements without a specified price
Prices from other Walmart or Neighborhood Market stores
Competitor advertised price
The Price Match offered above is not available in Alaska, Hawaii, and Puerto Rico.
The manager on duty as the final decision on any Price match.
Walmart reserves the right to modify the terms of this policy at any time.
This policy applies only to purchases made at a US Walmart store. For details on the Price Match Policy for purchases made on Walmart.com, please see Walmart.com .
Last Updated: January 20, 2017
Privacy Policy
At Walmart, our customers are number one – always. That’s why everything we do is focused on providing excellent customer service and delivering low prices. The information you share with Walmart allows us to provide the products and services you need and want while giving you the very best shopping experience. 
Our founder Sam Walton reminded us that “a promise we make is a promise we keep,” and it’s our promise to customers that we respect the trust you place in us and the privacy of the information you share. Part of providing superior customer service includes making sure that we’re building a relationship of trust with customers.  Our way of doing that is to let you know in a clear, prominent, and easily accessible way how we collect, use, share, and above all protect your personal information.  
 Our Policy outlines:
When and with whom we share your personal information; and
What choices you can make about how we collect, use, and share your personal information.
This policy applies to all customers, associates and agents of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or one of its subsidiary companies, as well as the properties owned or operated by Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., or one of its subsidiary companies (excluding Sam's Club locations) in the United States ("Walmart").
Timeframe for Returns
Our Returns Policy. We’re Happy to Help
If you’re not happy with your product, let us help you with a return or replacement. Your satisfaction is very important to us. Normally, items purchased in our stores or on Walmart.com may be returned or exchanged within ninety (90) days of purchase with or without a receipt. We do also sell items from other companies on our website. At this time, these items cannot be returned to a store or to Walmart.com, but need to be sent back to the seller.
Walmart reserves the right to warn, limit or decline returns or exchanges regardless of whether the customer has a receipt. All Non-Receipt returns are subject to a refund verification process. Customers are encouraged to retain their purchase receipts, online order receipts and e-receipts. All decisions regarding returns are subject to applicable laws. The Store Manager has the authority to make a final decision for all returns.
Below are exceptions to the general ninety (90) day rule. All of the exceptions listed below require the merchandise be returned with a receipt.
Must be returned within 14 days with a receipt to obtain a refund or an exchange. Post-paid (contract) cellular devices may only be returned to the store of original purchase, in undamaged condition. Other contractually specified requirements may apply.
Must be returned within 15 days with a receipt to obtain a refund or an exchange. Drones, computers, camcorders, digital cameras, digital music players, e-tablets, e-readers, portable video players, GPS units, video game hardware, prepaid cell phones, hover boards, electric bicycles and radio controlled (RC) vehicles.
Must be returned within 1 year with a receipt to obtain a refund or exchange. All perennials, trees, and shrubs.
Sales of the following items are final and may not be returned
All Firearms and Ammunition, and Pepper Spray
Gas Powered Mini Bikes, Go Karts, Dirt Bikes, UTVs and ATVs
Diabetic Products: Meters, Strips, Lancets, Lancet Devices and Syringes
Prescription Drugs and products containing Pseudoephedrine and Pseudotropine
Electronically fulfilled PINs or minutes for prepaid cellular devices.
Holiday Extended Return Policy
As an added convenience for customers, items (Drones, computers, camcorders, digital cameras, digital music players, e-tablets, e- readers, portable video players, GPS units, video game hardware, and prepaid cell phones) purchased between Nov. 1 and Dec. 24 will begin the 15 day return period on Dec. 26.
Customer Reimbursement
Receipted Returns
If an item is returned within the allowable return period with a receipt, the refund will be returned to the original method of payment.
Cash or Check: If a customer has a receipt and the item was purchased with cash or check, the customer may receive a cash refund.
Credit Card: If the item was purchased using a credit card, any refund is required to be issued to that same credit card. If the original credit card is not present and is not available through scanning the TC number on the receipt, the refund will be processed onto a shopping card/gift card.
Debit: If the item was purchased using a debit card and the receipt shows ‘debit tend’, the refund should be placed back on the debit card if available, or cash can be provided. If the receipt does not show ‘debit tend’ the refund is required to be issued to the same debit card. If the debit card is not present and is not available through scanning the TC number on the receipt, the refund will be processed onto a shopping card/gift card.
Receipted returns after the allowable return period: With a receipt and if available, Walmart offers exchange or repair service through the manufacturer on select merchandise.
Non Receipted Returns
Walmart will accept non-receipted return or exchange provided it meets the following conditions:
The refund verification process accepts the return.
The customer’s government issued ID has not been altered and is accepted by Walmart.
To return or exchange items without a receipt, the customer is required to present a valid government issued photo ID. Information from the customer ID will be stored in a secured database of returns activity that Walmart uses to authorize returns.
If an item is returned within the allowable return period without a receipt and the refund verification process accepts it, the following options are available:
If available, the customer may send the merchandise to the manufacturer for repair.
The merchandise may be exchanged for another item.
The merchandise may be returned and a cash refund provided if the refund value of the returned item is less than $25.
The merchandise will be returned and a shopping/gift card provided to the customer if the refund value of the returned merchandise is equal to or greater than $25 in value.
WIC Purchases
A WIC eligible item is any item that is listed on the applicable state WIC approved food list. A WIC purchased item is any item on the applicable state WIC approved food list that is purchased with a valid WIC food instrument (e.g., WIC Voucher, EBT Card, WIC CVV, etc.).
A WIC eligible item can be returned for a cash refund/credit if the customer has a receipt showing the item was not purchased with WIC.
If a customer does not have a receipt for a WIC eligible item, the item is processed as if purchased with WIC.
WIC purchased items that are defective or out-of-date can be exchanged only for an identical item.
If a customer has been issued an official Infant Formula Exchange form from the state WIC agency, an exchange must be made according to the guidelines on the state specific Formula Exchange Form.
A current copy of the state specific WIC approved Food List must be available at the Customer Service Desk.
SNAP (Food Stamp) Purchases
A SNAP eligible item is defined by the USDA as any food or food product for home consumption and specifically excludes certain items from being purchased with SNAP benefits. A SNAP purchased item is any item purchased with a SNAP benefits. For more information on eligible items, see your local SNAP office.
A cash, credit, debit or store credit refund is not allowed for an item purchased using SNAP.
If a customer has a receipt for an item purchased with SNAP, the item may be exchanged for another SNAP eligible item, or a refund may be made to the customer's SNAP EBT account.
If a customer does not have a receipt for a SNAP eligible item, the item is processed as if purchased with SNAP and it can only be exchanged for another SNAP eligible item.
A SNAP eligible item can be returned for a cash, credit, debit or store credit refund if the customer has a receipt showing the item was not purchased with SNAP.
Tobacco and Alcohol
Unopened tobacco and alcohol products can only be returned with a receipt to the original store in which they were purchased.
Walmart Financial Services
Express Bill Payments and fees associated with Walmart Financial Services products are nonrefundable.
The Fresh Guarantee
If a customer is not completely satisfied with their purchase in Fresh Produce, Meat, Bakery, and Service Deli, they can receive a 100% refund of the purchase price by bringing their receipt to the original store where the product was purchased.
Customers do not need to return the purchased products.
Associates should follow the process for Receipted Returns when providing a refund to the customer.
The Fresh Guarantee is subject to limitations for WIC/SNAP eligible items.
Sale Merchandise
Price adjustments will be given on prior Walmart purchases within 14 days of purchase with a valid Walmart receipt.
A customer must provide the original receipt to receive the adjustment.
Price adjustments are not given for merchandise that is on clearance.
Recalled Merchandise
Recalled merchandise must be accepted from the customer regardless of when the recall was announced.
Provide a full cash refund (subject to limitations for WIC/SNAP eligible items).
The customer is not required to provide the receipt, the packaging or components that may have been included with the recalled item (remote, instructions, filters, etc.)
Walmart reserves the right to modify the terms of this Policy at any time.
A receipt with a valid transaction number (TC) is required to receive a refund on sales tax for returned items within the time period allowed by law in Connecticut, Massachusetts, and Rhode Island.
Seafood Policy
Section I: Sustainable Products at Walmart | Our Pledge to Customers/Members
Our customers and members count on Walmart and Sam’s Club to deliver affordable products in a way that is sustainable for people and for the planet. To meet those needs, we work with partners all along the supply chain to improve the sustainability of products we sell. We do this while working to offer quality products, everyday low prices and putting customers in charge of their food choices by helping provide clear, accurate information about food ingredients and production.
Section II: Sustainable Seafood
Over the past half century, demand for seafood has increased five-fold. An estimated 75 percent of the world’s fisheries are at or beyond sustainable limits. Meanwhile, an estimated 1 billion people rely on fish as their primary source of protein, while another 200 million rely on the industry as their main source of income.
Section III: Walmart’s Position
Walmart aspires to help make choices easier and more transparent for people. We serve hundreds of millions of customers every year, and we advocate for them among suppliers to provide more sustainably produced products while maintaining the low prices customers expect. As part of our efforts to provide our customers affordable, safe, and healthier food, Walmart is committed to expand and enhance sustainable sourcing to cover 20 key commodities.
At Walmart, we value our relationships with the seafood suppliers who are dedicated to providing the highest in quality and safety through practices that promote sustainable fisheries and social responsibility. We know that seafood is an important source of protein, nutrition, and income for people all over the world. Therefore, we aspire to find our customers safe, affordable, and sustainable seafood that does not negatively affect global communities or the environment. Our goal is to build transparency and continuous improvement in the seafood supply chain so that we can build confidence and provide for our customers now and in the future.
Walmart believes the health of species, fisheries and ecosystems around the world is good for the planet and important to people today and in the future. We are working with our suppliers and partners to track the management of fisheries from which our suppliers source so that we can promote a sustainable supply.
In addition, we care about the men and women in our supply chain and in the seafood industry as a whole, and we are concerned about the ethical recruitment and treatment of workers. While this is a complex issue, we are actively engaged in bringing together numerous stakeholders, NGOs and other private sector companies to help find solutions.
Section IV: What we’re asking of our suppliers
Fresh and Frozen Seafood
By 2025, based on price, availability, quality, customer demand, and unique regulatory environments across our global retail markets, Walmart U.S., Sam’s Club, ASDA, Walmart Canada, Walmart Brazil, Walmart Mexico, and Walmart Central America will require all fresh and frozen, farmed and wild seafood suppliers to source from fisheries who are:
Third-party certified as sustainable using Marine Stewardship Council (MSC) or Best Aquaculture Practices (BAP), or certified by a program which follows the FAO Guidelines1 and is recognized by the Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative (GSSI) as such. For our farmed supply, we expect suppliers to ensure sustainable production and sourcing throughout the supply chain, including final processing plant, farms, hatcheries and feed mills.
OR
Actively working toward certification or in a Fishery Improvement Project (FIP) or Aquaculture Improvement Project (AIP) that has definitive and ambitious goals, measurable metrics, and time bound milestones.
Canned Tuna
By 2025, based on price, availability, quality, customer demand, and unique regulatory environments across our global retail markets, Walmart U.S., Sam’s Club, and Walmart Canada will require all canned light and white tuna suppliers to source from fisheries who are:
Complying with the International Sustainable Seafood Foundation (ISSF) sustainability conservation measures, including those adopted in collaboration with relevant tuna Regional Fishery Management Organizations (RFMO) and from vessels that are registered on the Pro-active Vessel Register (PVR).
AND
Third-party certified as sustainable using Marine Stewardship Council (MSC), or certified by a program which follows the FAO Guidelines1 and is recognized by the Global Sustainable Seafood Initiative (GSSI) as such. Walmart will also source from suppliers using better management fishing practices as validated through chain of custody (e.g. pole and line, free-school sets).
OR
Actively working toward certification or in a Fishery Improvement Project (FIP) that has definitive and ambitious goals, measurable metrics, and time bound milestones.
When it comes to the issue of method of catch, Walmart will offer customer choice in select markets, based on local customer preference and market retail norms.
Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Club offer customer choice by carrying FAD-free lines of canned tuna.
Walmart Canada will add Marine Stewardship Council-certified or FAD-free tuna to its private brand assortment by the end of 2021.
ASDA sources all of its own-brand canned tuna and tuna sandwiches come from pole and line or FAD-free sources. For more information please see ASDA’s Sustainable Seafood Policy .
Section V: Responsible Sourcing
Walmart’s commitment includes respecting the dignity of those who grow, catch and produce products for our customers. That is why Walmart suppliers globally—including seafood suppliers—are expected to comply with Walmart’s Standards for Suppliers and applicable Responsible Sourcing program requirements. Walmart’s Standards for Suppliers set out our expectations of suppliers and their facilities regarding the ethical treatment of workers, workplace safety, environmental responsibility, and appropriate business practices. The Standards apply throughout the supply chain, including vessels, hatcheries, feed mills, farms, and final processing facilities. Walmart expects its suppliers to be transparent, to disclose facilities consistent with policy and make all facilities available for audit or inspection at any time, and to commit to continuous improvement. Suppliers are also encouraged to involve themselves in Walmart-led or -supported industry initiatives focused on improving responsible sourcing in seafood supply chains. More about Walmart’s Responsible Sourcing program requirements and collaborative initiatives can be found at corporate.walmart.com/sourcing.
1FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Marine Capture Fisheries. Revision (2009)
FAO Guidelines for the Ecolabelling of Fish and Fishery Products from Inland Capture Fisheries (2011)
FAO Technical guidelines on aquaculture Certification (2011)
Last Updated: February 17, 2017
Social Media Guidelines
We engage with our customers and stakeholders beyond the walls of our stores: you can find us on Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Snapchat, LinkedIn and Medium. This page will give you a better idea on how to engage with us in social media, what you can expect from us, and where to find more information.
Walmart's Twitter Engagement Guidelines
Twitter asks a very basic question of its users: “What’s happening?” And we know the answer to that question – we’re working every day to help people save money so they can live better.
Through our Twitter account we aim to provide you with information on Walmart’s major activities and initiatives - from sustainability to diversity, from healthier foods to charitable giving. We welcome your thoughts on any and all of those topics.
We are happy to help our customers and associates through Twitter and look forward to hearing from you.
Here are a couple of things you should know about our Twitter engagement:
We are committed to having a dialogue with our followers. We count on you to use @ messages in a way that contributes to the dialogue. Please support any claims with links to information sources whenever possible. We love opinions; we love them even more when you back them up with facts.
We strive to respond to as many relevant questions and comments as possible, but we reserve the right to use our judgment in selecting the messages we respond to.
Following a Twitter account or including an account in a Twitter list does not constitute an endorsement; the same applies to re-tweeting messages posted on accounts that Walmart does not own, or marking them as “favorites.”
The posting and presence of content on Twitter and on this site does not necessarily mean that Walmart agrees with the content, ensures its accuracy or otherwise approves of it. Nothing in any Twitter page constitutes a binding representation, agreement or an endorsement on the part of Walmart. Please review Twitter’s terms of use carefully when engaging on the site.
Walmart’s Facebook and Instagram Engagement Guidelines
We’re excited that you’ve joined us on our Facebook or Instagram page, and we know you’ve got plenty to say. At Walmart, our mission is our purpose: we save people money so they can live better.
While you’re with us, we hope you’ll take a moment to read the following guidelines we ask you to follow when contributing to our Facebook or Instagram page:
Don’t do anything that breaks the law.
Be polite and courteous, even if you disagree. Excessive name calling, profanity, fighting words, discriminatory epithets, sexual harassment, bullying, gruesome language or the like, will not be tolerated.
Stay on topic. Keep the conversation relevant to the community and contribute to the dialogue. We reserve the right to remove content that is off-topic, out of context, spam, promotional or links to third party sites.
Keep it real. All posts should come from a real person and a real Facebook or Instagram profile. Postings from fake or anonymous profiles will be deleted when discovered.
We are happy to help our customers and associates through Facebook or Instagram, and look forward to hearing from you.
We reserve the right to remove content posted to Facebook or Instagram that violates these guidelines.
If you are a Walmart associate, please follow these additional guidelines:
Know the rules. Before engaging on Facebook or Instagram, or on any other social media property, make sure you read and understand Walmart’s Social Media Policy and Walmart Information Policy. In any and all interactions, make sure that you don’t share confidential or private information about the Company’s business operations, products, services, or customers; respect financial disclosure laws; and do not say you speak for the Company without express written authorization from the Company to do so.
Remember that we have a dedicated team tasked with responding to customer inquiries or criticism. Our official Walmart social team is responsible for engaging customers through our page. To avoid confusion, we ask that you not attempt to respond to customer inquiries or comments directed specifically to the Company or asking for an official Company response on this site.
Consider using company established channels for job-specific issues. While we encourage associates to join our Facebook and Instagram communities and participate in conversations with our customers and other users, we encourage you to direct your complaints or concerns about your job or working environment to your store management team using the established Open Door Process or WalmartOne.com.
For Walmart managers: If you are a manager, please make sure you are familiar with our Social Media Management Guidelines, available on the Walmart Wire. 
Standards for Suppliers
All suppliers and their facilities – including subcontracting and packaging facilities – are expected to uphold Walmart’s Standards for Suppliers. Learn more about our standards and expectations for suppliers and our requirements for facility disclosure  here .
Sustainable Chemistry Commitment
Walmart customers expect products that are safe, affordable and sustainable. Sustainable Chemistry is the design of chemical products and processes that reduce or eliminate the use or generation of hazardous substances, both to humans and the environment. To minimize the negative environmental and social impact, Walmart has developed a policy on sustainable chemistry for its consumables/Health & Wellness business that focuses on transparency, advancing formulation, and begin labeling private brand products in accordance with the U.S. EPA’s Design for the Environment Safer Product Labeling.
Beginning in January 2015, Walmart expects all suppliers will provide full online public ingredient disclosure for formulated consumable items sold at Walmart and Sam’s Club. For private brands, Walmart partnered with the WERCs – a vendor supporting Walmart’s chemical safety and regulatory compliance – to house all proprietary product formulations. Supplier formulations remain confidential from Walmart. Through the WERCS, Walmart private brand suppliers reviewed and approved their in-scope products ingredients in compliance with either  U.S. EPA's Design for the Environment Standard for Safer Products  or  CSPA's Consumer Product Ingredient Communication Initiative . Ingredient information for Walmart private brand products within the scope of the policy will be made available on Walmart.com and Samsclub.com items pages.
The following categories of ingredients are commonly protected as trade secrets. When ingredients in these categories are trade secrets, they should be disclosed as follows: Dyes and colorants: should be listed by a chemical-descriptive name. In some cases, Walmart’s private brand products may list colorants that vary by product. Fragrances: Scent ingredients may be listed as "Fragrance," on the label, but the formulator must indicate where detailed information can be found.  View Walmart’s Fragrance palette for private brands .
The Walmart Sustainability Index will measure supplier compliance with the policy. If a formulated consumable product is missing its online ingredient disclosure, please email sustainabilityassessment@wal-mart.com .
For more information on the Sustainable Chemistry Commitment, please visit the Walmart Sustainability Hub .
Walmart Statement of Ethics
Global Ethics is responsible for promoting Walmart’s culture of integrity. This includes developing and upholding our policies for ethical behavior for all of our stakeholders everywhere we operate.
But perhaps most importantly, it includes raising awareness of ethics policies and 
providing channels for stakeholders to bring ethics concerns to our attention. 
Global Ethics:
Serves as a guide and resource for ethical decision making
Provides a confidential and anonymous reporting system
Leads a continuing ethics education and communication system
Learn more at the Walmart Statement of Ethics
Stay Informed
Sign Up
