Search
Online Customer Service and Alternatives
az.gov offers many of the services online that you might otherwise transact in person. Our goal is to provide citizens with a more convenient and efficient means in which to interact with the Arizona government. If at any time you choose not to proceed with a transaction offered through the az.gov Portal, your choice will in no way affect your ability to receive benefits or services. If you prefer to apply for benefits or services in person, you may do so at the respective State agency providing such benefits and/or services.
Collection and Use of Information
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
az.gov does not use "cookies" to gather information during your visit. Individual web sites you access through the portal may use "cookies", however, and are required to define their use in the separate privacy policy statement located on the specific site. The web server that hosts az.gov does gather certain information about the visit automatically in a standard log file. This information never identifies you personally and consists of only the following items:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) from which you access the website;
The IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access the website; and
The date and time of your access.
We use this information to gather statistics about the amount of use the site receives. Again, we do not automatically record information about you as an individual. This information is not shared, sold, or otherwise disseminated by az.gov.
Although az.gov does not currently use cookies, future releases will necessitate their use along with other session enhancement methods. These will be thoroughly evaluated in order to determine their benefit to both the client and the service provider before being implemented. This privacy statement will also be updated to describe exactly what information is being collected and how to disable or refuse cookies.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
Information collected from an application submitted online will be treated in the same manner as the information collected from an application submitted on a hard copy to the applicable State agency. The information you disclose to the agency (either through az.gov or directly) will generally become a matter of public record pursuant to A. R. S. §§ 39-121, et seq., which means that the agency may be required to divulge certain information in response to a public records request or in response to a warrant, subpoena, or other court order. The applicable State Agency website may require that you enter personal information (e.g., your name, home address, birth date, social security number, and credit card number) when applying for certain benefits and services described on that website. Those services may also reference common infrastructure utilities that are provided by az.gov. These utilities provide the agency with a means to obtain specific information or to facilitate a specific functional requirement of the online transaction being requested.
As an example, az.gov maintains a central credit card payment interface that agencies can use as part of their online services applications. This utility will accept only the pertinent credit card authorization data necessary to validate and fulfill the purchase. The cardholder's name, credit card number, and expiration date are obtained by the utility and used only to complete the credit card payment portion of the online transaction. The data is used only for the fulfillment of the payment and is not retained by az.gov.
Not all agency online applications use the services of az.gov, nor are they required to. Please be assured that your personal information will be held in strictest confidence while az.gov processes your online transaction and will not be shared, sold, or otherwise disseminated to any outside person or entity, except as required or authorized by law.
Please refer to respective benefits and/or services web pages of each individual agency for disclosure of when, how, and to whom specific information will be released to third parties, as specified in A.R.S. § 41-4152 (5) and (6). If you have further questions regarding how a State agency will use the information you submit online, please contact the applicable agency directly.
PRIVACY POLICY IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE
This policy may be updated or revised from time to time, so please check back with az.gov periodically in order to receive advance notice of any substantive changes to the manner in which the information you disclose on this web site may be collected, used, or disseminated.
If you choose to provide us with personal information - by filling out a form with your personal information and submitting it to us from this website - we will use that information to respond to your message and to help us get you the information you have requested. We only share the information you provide with another agency if your inquiry relates to that agency, or as otherwise required by law. Moreover, we do not create an individual profile with the information you provide or give it to any private organizations. az.gov does not collect information for commercial marketing. Any comments collected are themselves subject to the protections of the privacy policy. Note: This Privacy Policy is subject to change.
