Privacy statement
Privacy statement
Welcome to www.roberthalf.com.au (the "Site"). This website privacy policy ("Policy") describes how Robert Half Australia Pty Limited (ABN 32 081 257 052) ("We", "we", or "RHA") may use and disclose Personal Information that we may collect about you through the Site. In this Policy, "Personal Information" refers to information or an opinion about an identified individual or an individual who is reasonably identifiable, whether the information is true or not or is recorded in a material form or not.
Collections and Uses of Personal Information
When you use or register with the Site, we may ask for certain Personal Information that will assist us to provide you with a service that meets your needs and circumstances. We may also collect Personal Information from you through the Candidate Registration Form, through interviews, tests, CVs resumes and references, or when you submit your CV through the Site or through a third-party site. The categories of Personal Information we may collect include your name and contact information (email, address and phone number). Depending on the nature of your inquiry or activities on the Site, we may also collect information about your job search criteria and preferences, your employment experience, educational history, your expectations, skills, personality, salary, references information, background information, and other information contained in your resume, and any RHA login ID and password created by you. For candidates who have previously been registered with or worked for RHA, such persons may enter, at their discretion, their employee ID to facilitate the registration process.
If you do not provide such information, RHA may not be able to provide you with access to or full use of sections of the Site or with any other services you request.
The Site also utilises cookies to track your online activities, including, but not limited to, registration, submissions, and information requests. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's browser. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. This may mean you will not be able to take full advantage of the services on the Site.
After your successful registration with the Site, you will be able to access, review and change your Personal Information through the Review Profile feature of the Site. If at any time you wish to delete your Personal Information from the Site, please contact us by sending a message to the email address below. We will take reasonable steps to delete information in response to such a request.
We use Personal Information and other data collected through the Site in order to meet the needs of our business, including: to register you with the Site; to provide you with information regarding employment opportunities and career-related information; to process any employment application, for purposes relating to employment opportunities, human resource management, complying with regulations, for purposes relating to or in connection with your recruitment or employment, to send direct marketing related to our products and services to you, to provide you with access to and to correct the information about you that we hold, to process any complaints that you make, and to otherwise provide you with requested information or services.
We may also from time to time use your Personal Information to send you automated email messages or marketing materials regarding our services, including employment information. You may opt out of receiving such marketing email messages by unsubscribing from our database.
We may transfer your personal details to related bodies corporate of the Company, clients of the Company or third parties who provide services to the Company. These entities are located in Australia and in countries overseas.
RHA will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent, unless the use or disclosure is:
for the purpose of disclosing information to our clients where necessary and appropriate in connection with the provision of a service to you;
for the purpose of disclosing information to companies and individuals we employ to perform business functions and services on our behalf, on the basis that such companies and individuals must protect your Personal Information and may not disclose or use it for unrelated purposes. Such functions may include, for example, hosting our Web servers, analysing data, providing legal, accounting and marketing services;
permitted under the Privacy Act (Cth) 1988 as a permitted general situation or a permitted health situation;
necessary to provide you with a product or service which you have requested;
to the extent necessary or appropriate to government agencies, advisors, and other third parties in order to comply with applicable laws, the service of legal process, or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law requiring such disclosure; (b) protect the rights or property of RHA or its affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security (d) protect the personal safety of the users or the public;(e) to assist the investigation of an offence by a law enforcement authority; or prevent a serious or imminent threat to an individual's life, health or safety or public health or safety.
RHA will endeavour to take reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you. You should note that the internet is not a secure method of transmitting information and, as such, we are not responsible for the security of any information sent or received over the internet. Furthermore, RHA may disclose and you consent to such disclosure of Personal Information to RHA servers and electronic systems located outside the country where you are located. This is due to RHA using overseas facilities to store, process or back up its information. However, this does not change our commitment to keep your information secure.
You are entitled to request access to any Personal Information that we hold about you, and you can do this by contacting us. You may request that we correct Personal Information that is inaccurate or out of date.
If you have any concerns or complaints about how we handle your personal information, or if you have any questions about this policy, please contact us. In most cases we will ask that you put your request in writing to us. We will investigate your complaint and will provide our response within 30 days. If you are not satisfied with the response that you receive from us, you may have the right, depending on the jurisdiction, to make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner.
Revisions to the Policy
By providing us with your Personal Information you agree that your data may be disclosed outside Australia in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The most up-to-date copy of this policy will be available at www.roberthalf.com.au/privacy-statement . If we change this privacy policy we will post any updates at that location. If we change material terms in this Policy, we will provide notice of the revised policy for 30 days on the home page at www.roberthalf.com.au with a link back to this page. The amended Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change.
This Policy is effective as of 19 April 2014. If you have any questions about our website privacy policies, please contact us at:
Robert Half Australia
