262 Danny Thomas Place
U.S. Privacy Notice
St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital (“St. Jude”) leads the way the world understands, treats and defeats childhood cancer and other catastrophic diseases.  Five years before St. Jude was founded, American Lebanese Syrian Associated Charities Inc. (“ALSAC”) was created to raise the funds needed to build and operate St. Jude, and ALSAC remains the fundraising and awareness organization for St. Jude today. This Privacy Notice explains how information is collected, used, and disclosed from or about you by ALSAC (“we”, “us”, or “our”) when you visit www.stjude.org or the “St. Jude Publications” app (collectively, the “Site”). ALSAC’s activities on the Site are directed toward U.S. residents. For information regarding privacy practices for Canadian residents, please view our Canadian privacy notice . To view the privacy notice for St. Jude, please view the  St. Jude Privacy Policy Statement .
Information We Collect
Donation or Purchase Information. When you donate, register, or purchase items from the Site, we collect personal information you provide, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, shipping address, transaction history, and payment information. If you dedicate your donation through a memorial or honor donation and request a memorial or honor donation notice be sent, or send a gift to someone, we will collect the recipient’s information, including the recipient’s name, address, telephone number, and email address. We may collect your contact information if you request a paper copy of the St. Jude Gift Shop Catalog. We may also collect additional information about you from other sources and combine it with information you voluntarily provide to us.
Email Address. We collect and store your email address if you contact us directly via email or if you provide your email address to us through the Site. If you opt out of future messaging, we will store your name and email address for the purpose of maintaining a “do not contact” list.
Survey Information. We may occasionally conduct voluntary surveys on the Site. If you choose to take one of our voluntary surveys, we may collect information related to you and your responses.
Technical Information. This Site collects information such as the visitor’s domain name, Site traffic patterns, server usage statistics, and device and operating system information. We may use cookies or similar technology to collect such information for advertising and other purposes. See the Tailored Advertising section of this Privacy Notice to learn more about the use of this information and the choices available to you.   
How We Use and Share Information
We may use the information you provide for any lawful purpose, including the following:
To communicate with you, including to share information about services or products you have requested, to request donations, or to inform you of promotional offers that may be of interest;
To process your donations and orders, including to notify you of your order status, provide a receipt, and ship your products;
To improve and personalize the Site, including to improve and personalize the performance, content, and layout of our web pages;
To help us engage with persons who may wish to donate to ALSAC;
To protect the rights of ALSAC or others;
To comply with the law and to maintain the security of our Sites; and/or
As otherwise disclosed at the time of collection or use.
We do not rent, share or sell your personal information to outside marketers. We may share personal information with service providers, such as marketing firms, print, shipping and/or fulfillment vendors, technology providers, and credit card processors, which may use or disclose the information solely to perform services on our behalf or to comply with the law. We may also share your information between ALSAC and St. Jude. We may share your information when required by law, including pursuant to a subpoena, court order, governmental inquiry, or other legal process or as necessary to protect our rights, users, donors and services.  We may share information that has been de-identified or aggregated, or any other technical information, without limitation.
Tailored Advertising & Analytics
We may use third parties (e.g., ad networks and ad servers) to deliver relevant content and advertising (including ads for St. Jude) on the Site, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use. These third parties may place or access cookies or other tracking technologies on your device to collect information about your use of the Site in order to serve these tailored advertisements.  
We neither have access to, nor does this Privacy Notice govern, the use of cookies or other tracking technologies that may be placed on your device by any non-affiliated third-parties. Third parties that use these technologies may offer you a way to opt out of ad targeting as described below. ALSAC adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection with interest-based and tailored advertising activity. You can learn more about such tailored advertising and how you can generally control cookies from being placed on your computer to deliver tailored advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s Consumer Opt-Out link or the DAA’s Consumer Opt-Out link to learn more about this type of advertising or to opt-out of receiving tailored advertising from companies that participate in those programs. Note that electing to opt-out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or applications. Opting-out may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. Additionally, your browser may offer tools to limit the use of cookies or to delete cookies; however, if you use these tools, our Site may not function as intended. We do not control any of the above opt-out links or whether any particular company chooses to participate in these opt-out programs. We are not responsible for any choices you make using these mechanisms or the continued availability or accuracy of these mechanisms. If you delete your cookies or use a different browser or mobile device, you may need to renew your opt-out choices exercised through the DAA Webchoices tool.
We may also work with third parties that collect data about your use of the Site and other sites or apps over time for non-advertising purposes. We use Google Analytics and other third-party services to improve the performance of the Site and for analytics and marketing purposes. For more information about how Google Analytics collects and uses data when you use our Site, visit  www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ , and to opt out of Google Analytics, visit  tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ .
Third-Party Links
The Site provides links to third-party websites or apps, including our social media pages. We do not control the privacy and security practices of sites not owned by ALSAC. You should review the privacy notices of other websites or apps that you use to learn about their data practices.
This Site may also include integrated social media tools or “plug-ins”, such as social networking, photo sharing, and video streaming tools offered by third parties. If you use these tools to share personal information or you otherwise interact with social media features on the Site, those social media companies may collect information about you and may use and share such information in accordance with your account settings, including by sharing such information with the general public.  Your interactions with third-party social media companies and the use of their features are governed by the privacy policies of the social media companies that provide those features. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy notices of any social media accounts you create and use.
Changes to our Privacy Notice
Any changes to our Privacy Notice will be posted on this page. Any changes will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise. We encourage you to visit this page periodically to learn of updates.
Your Choices
To request that ALSAC discontinue contact with you, please contact us at: 
ALSAC
The quickest means of unsubscribing from electronic communications is through the  Email Management Center  or by using the unsubscribe function on the eNewsletter you are receiving.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, please contact us at:
ALSAC
Legal
If you have questions about an order with the Gift Shop, please contact us at:
St. Jude Gift Shop
