 
The Daily Caller (THE DC or we) is the owner and operator of DailyCaller.com (the Website), a comprehensive news website providing original reporting, updated links to the latest news, analysis of current events, satire, research on current policy issues, columns from thought leaders, and Congressional Member reviews. We also offer the DailyCaller.com mobile application (“Application”).
In this Privacy Policy (Policy), we describe the information that we collect about you as you use our Website, Application, and our products and services contained in our Website, Application, and offline (collectively, our Services). This Policy applies to information that we collect online and offline.
We are operated entirely within the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please note that any information – including personal data – that we collect about you will be transferred to and processed in the United States. You hereby consent to these transfers.
 
A. Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From and About You
Information We Collect Directly From You:  THE DC may collect certain types of personally identifiable information — that is, information that can identify an individual — directly from you, including but not limited to:
name;
username; and
password.
We may collect some or all of this information if you:
visit the Website or Application, make inquiries through the Website, Application, or offline;
purchase products or services on the Website or through the Application;
use our Website, Application, and our Services;
share your e-mail address to subscribe to email newsletters;
post comments, messages, letters and the like on the Website and Application;
participate in any surveys, contests, or sweepstakes sponsored by THE DC;
register for our Services;
provide it to us when contacting us about this Policy.
 
B. Information Collected Automatically When Using Our Services
THE DC and our third party service providers collect information automatically through the use of electronic tools such as web beacons, “cookies,” Flash, clickstream data, and other automated devices that are deployed on the Website and our Application. We and our third party service providers may collect the following information about your use of our Website via these technologies: your IP address; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your interaction with our Website; length of time you are logged into our Website; and websites visited before our Website. If you download and use our Application, we will collect the above-listed information; we also will collect your device ID, mobile carrier, device manufacturer, phone number, and type of device. This information may be associated with your username and may be combined with other information, including personally identifiable information, that we collect about you.
Web Beacons – A web beacon is a type of picture file used on the Internet. Web beacons are used in combination with cookies to help monitor traffic at DailyCaller.com and understand the ways in which users interact with content on the Website. Among other uses, we may use web beacons to count visitors to our Website and Application or to monitor how our users navigate our Website and Application. We may include web beacons in email messages to count how many of the messages that we sent were opened, acted upon, and forwarded. We use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our Services and our marketing campaigns.
Cookies – Cookies help provide a customized user experience. We and our third party service providers may use cookies to, among other things, better serve you with tailored information and facilitate your ongoing access to and use of our Services. There are two types of cookies: session-based and persistent cookies. We also allow third party vendors to use cookies on our Site and Application.
Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you are logged into our Services.
Persistent cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about user activity, which may be combined with other user information.
Third Party Cookies. We also engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally and personally identifiable Website and Application data. To do so, we permit third parties to apply cookies to users of our Services, where permitted by law, and, subject to your right to opt-out through the Network Advertising Initiative (as discussed below). We use the data collected by such third parties to help us administer and improve the quality of our Services and to analyze use of our Services. We also use such third parties to assist us in serving advertisements. Such third parties may combine the information that we provide about you with other information that they have collected.
Disabling Cookies. You may choose not to provide such information by adjusting your Internet browser security settings to refuse cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can edit your browser options to block them in future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. If you disable your web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to browse our Website and Application, but certain pages and features may be limited.
ClickStream Data – THE DC uses third-party software to analyze the Web pages that your computer visits while using our Services. This information, called “clickstream data,” is associated with your computer’s Internet protocol (IP) address and/or device ID, and includes other information such as the type of browser your computer/device uses to access the Internet. We collect clickstream data to optimize search engine results and may also use clickstream data to analyze which portions of our Website draw the most traffic so we can improve performance of our Services. This clickstream data may be shared with third party advertisers and marketing companies.
Local Storage Objects – We and our third party service providers may use Flash Local Storage Objects (“Flash LSOs”) to store your Website and Application preferences, to personalize your visit or to display content based upon what you view on our Website and Application. Flash LSOs are different from browser cookies because of the amount and type of data stored. In addition, you cannot control, delete or disable the acceptance of Flash LSOs through your browser. For more information on Flash LSOs, or to learn how to manage your settings for Flash cookies, go to the  Adobe Flash Player Help Page , choose “Global Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions. To see the Flash LSOs currently on your computer, choose “Website Storage Settings Panel” and follow the instructions to review and, if you choose, to delete any specific Flash LSO.
Analytics. We and our third party service providers conduct analytics of our Services to help us track and understand how visitors use our Services, using the technologies described in this section. For example, we use a variety of third party web analytics, to help us improve the performance and user experience of our Website and Application.
Video Player.
A notice that the player includes proprietary measurement software that allows users to contribute to market research (such as Nielsen TV Ratings)
A link to the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy
On the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy page, users can click choices to read more detailed information about the measurement software and their options. The users can click a link to retrieve an Opt-Out cookie if they do not want to participate in Nielsen online measurement.
Nielsen properties may feature Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow the users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings.
To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy.
Opt-In
 
We use your information, including the personally identifiable information that we collect about you (collectively, “information”), for various reasons, including:
to deliver content that you have requested from our Services;
to send e-mails that you have requested to receive from THE DC;
to provide you with information, including via email, about services, products, and features that may be of interest to you, including products and services offered by third parties, as well as emails about our own Services;
for customer service purposes, such as in response to inquiries that you initiate with us about any aspect of our Website and Application, to provide information about our Services, or any other customer service purpose; and
 
III. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT?
THE DC may share personally identifiable information with others, such as:
Third Party Service Providers that provide services on our behalf. Examples of these services include, but are not limited to: technical support for the operation of our Services; Website and Application evaluation and statistics; and fulfilling your orders for products and services made available through our Site and Application;
 Law enforcement authorities, government agencies, courts, or other entities, when:
we believe in good faith that the law requires it;
we deem it necessary or appropriate to provide such information; or
to otherwise protect our rights, other persons, or other users of our Services.
Another entity, in the course of a sale to or merger of all or a part of our business with another entity;
A court, another business, or other interested party in the event of a bankruptcy proceeding, in which case the information about you would be among the many assets shared or transferred.
Third-party merchants with from whom you choose to make a purchase through our Services;
 
 
IV. HOW CAN YOU MAKE CHOICES ABOUT THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU?
You can always choose not to submit any personally identifiable information to THE DC.
 
V. ADVERTISING
We use third parties such as network advertisers to serve advertisements on our Website and Applications. Network advertisers are third parties that display advertisements based on your visits to our Website and other websites you have visited. This enables us and these third parties to target advertisements to you for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (including clear GIFs), Flash LSOs and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy, not this one. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our Services on an aggregated basis.
You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks. The website  http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp  provides information regarding this practice by Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to “opt-out” of third-party ad networks operated by NAI members.
 
VI. LINKS TO OTHER (THIRD PARTY) WEBSITES
 
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of the personally identifiable information we collect, we have implemented physical, electronic, and administrative procedures. These measures are based on commercially reasonable standards that similar companies use.
 
VIII. CHILDREN
 
IX. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
THE DC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. We will post a notice on this Website if and when this policy changes to alert visitors that a new policy is in place.
 
X. SPECIAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS
 
XI. SPECIAL NOTICE TO EUROPEAN TERRITORY CITIZENS
In compliance with European privacy laws, in particular the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), THE DC provides specific rights for citizens of the European Territories such as the right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage. More specifically:
the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by us, and the right to demand that personal data is rectified or amended.
under certain circumstances, the right to request that personal data should be deleted.
under certain circumstances, the right to demand that the processing of personal data should be restricted.
withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application.
have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format.
contact our data protection officer if there are any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data.
the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if believed that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation.
 
XII. HOW TO CONTACT US
Questions and comments regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to privacy@dailycaller.com .
The Daily Caller
