THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY STATEMENT DETAILS THE AdMeridian PLEDGE TO KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION PRIVATE.    Any questions in regards to AdMeridian privacy practices should be sent via email to legal@admeridian.com.
Your IP address helps AdMeridian diagnose server problems and helps us administer website functions. IP addresses provide us with geographical information and aggregated information on how visitors utilize AdMeridian. By monitoring search queries, access times, and traffic patterns we can determine how to market users and make their experience more enjoyable.
AdMeridian only collects data to enhance and personally tailor our website to meet your needs. Personal information that is collected allows us to customize website content and generate targeted advertisements based on your particular preferences. Cookies help us distinguish between individual users, tailor fit homepages, control advertisement frequency, and so on.
IP addresses help us diagnose server issues and help us administer Admeridian.com. Without your IP address it would be impossible to keep our services running 24/7, and we want to be here for you around the clock.
Every email sent to Admeridian users is to meet your needs. We offer website updates, inform you of new features, allow you to register for special offers and sweepstakes, all for your enjoyment. If at any point these emails become annoying or bothersome, simply click on the link provided to opt out.
Also note that your email address helps AdMeridian respond to any questions you have posed, issues you have encountered, or complaints made. We require your email address so we may address these issues.
When you request services from our business partners, AdMeridian will share your personal information with them, so that you can receive what you have requested. If you have any questions or concerns about AdMeridian business partner, you may contact them directly. AdMeridian is not responsible for the data collection or privacy practices of business partners. Your personal information may also be shared with AdMeridian owned businesses.
Your personal information will be shared with an outside party if we have good reason to believe that the law or legal process require it. It is our obligation to protect any rights or property of AdMeridian and others associated with our company and website.
Targeted advertisements enhance user experience, and so at times we may share specifically non personal information with advertisers, so that they may present you with relevant advertisements. Geographical information may be shared along with demographics, but we will never share personally identifiable information.
At this current time it is not possible to completely delete your user information from the AdMeridian database. If you are concerned with the security of your personal data you can remove the cookie stored on your browser, which will allow the server to perceive you as a new user. In the future you can change your browser setting to not accept cookies. Be aware that removing cookies does prevent you from participating in certain activities.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
