Privacy and Legal
BobEvans.com knows that you care about how your information is used and shared, which is why we have posted this Privacy Policy. Simply stated, the following Privacy Policy statement explains what information we collect from you, how we use that information and what choices you have with respect to that information.
This Privacy Policy statement applies only to the information collected online in the general portions of the BobEvans.com Web site and any affiliated micro-sites that reference this policy. If you would like to review the privacy policy for the Kid Times portion of our Web site (kids.bobevans.com) please click here .
Topics on this Page
What Type of Information do we Collect?
We gather information through two means – navigational information gathered when you visit our Web site and personal information that you provide to us. Generally, the information we collect online helps us respond to your requests, deliver requested services to or for you, and personalize and continually improve your experience at BobEvans.com.
Navigational Information:
When visiting our Web site, BobEvans.com gathers navigational information about where visitors go on our Web site and how our site is working. This information allows us to see which areas of our Web site are most visited and the efficiencies of our site for our visitors. We can thus improve the quality of our visitors’ experience by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. Additional non-personally identifiable information (for example, domain type, browser version, service provider, and IP address) may be collected, which provides additional information regarding a visitor’s use of our Web site. BobEvans.com uses this information on an aggregate basis to evaluate the effectiveness of our Web site, to analyze trends and to administer the Web site.
Personal Information:
BobEvans.com may ask you to provide personal information when you establish or update an e-mail account, sign up to receive e-mails or other marketing materials from BobEvans.com, make a gift card purchase, submit a video or a photograph, submit a corporate giving request, send a recipe to a friend, submit a real estate inquiry, request investor information or create a stockholder account, contact us, participate in a contest, complete an employment application, or utilize any other feature where BobEvans.com may need to reply to your activity.
The personal information we collect may include name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, recipient’s name and address, order information, credit card information, and any other information you choose to provide. If you submit an employment application the information you submit may also include a resume, the type of position you are seeking, your educational background, work experience, salary requirements, and any other information you choose to provide.
For your convenience, our Web site contains a link to online ordering. When you order online, your information is provided to BobEvans.com and KudzuInteractive.com through SnapFinger.com . BobEvans.com maintains your information according to the terms of our Privacy Policy. For more information on the privacy policies of Kudzu Interactive and/or Snapfinger, please visit the Kudzu Interactive website at KudzuInteractive.com or the Snapfinger website at SnapFinger.com .
Link To Online Ordering For Gift pack Orders @ ShopBobEvans.com
When you order gift packs online via www.shopbobevans.com , your information is provided to Burgers Ozark Country Cured Hams, Inc. at Smokehouse.com. For more information on the privacy policies of Burgers Ozark Country Cured Hams, Inc., please visit their website at www.smokehouse.com .
What Information do we Share with or Disclose to Third Parties?
We use third parties to help us provide services to you, such as fulfilling online gift card orders, providing electronic online investor information, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, providing location information, and administering e-mails or contests that may occasionally be offered at this Web site or affiliated microsites. If personally identifiable information (i.e., name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is provided by us or by you directly to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in confidence. Information you provide directly to our third party service provider for electronic online investor information may be shared with us. In the future we may share information with companies in whom we own an interest, for example, Owens Foods.
As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores, subsidiaries, or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any preexisting Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). If Bob Evans Farms, Inc., or substantially all of its assets were ever acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. Otherwise, BobEvans.com does not sell, rent, or trade the information that you provide to us at this Web site.
You should also be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our Web site, the site or the public.
Public Forums
BobEvans.com or microsites operated or provided by Bob Evans Farms, Inc. or any of its affiliates may make forums available to its users at various times or the ability for users of the website or microsite to upload photographs or videos. Please remember that, unless otherwise stated, any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these areas (including uploading photos and videos into these areas that contain your image). Bob Evans has specific terms in its Site Use Terms and Conditions and may also have specific Requirements and Terms for these features and you must agree to comply with all of these terms and requirements prior to your initial use of and uploading to these public forums.
Update your Personal Information
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up to date. To do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your BE-mail account by logging in to your account using your password via http://www.bobevans.com/bemail .
Opting Out of Bob Evans Email
If you previously signed up to receive Bob Evans marketing materials via e-mail but would now like to be removed from the Bob Evans e-mail marketing list, you can use the “unsubscribe” feature on our e-mails, send your request to customer_support@bobevans.com, or change your e-mail account preferences by visiting http://www.bobevans.com/bemail . Please be aware, even if you do not “opt-in” to, or subsequently ask to be removed from, the BobEvans.com e-mail marketing list, you may still receive e-mail confirmations for any gift card purchases made on our Web site. In addition, please be aware that if you sign up to receive Bob Evans Kid Times e-mails on the Kid Times portion of our Web site ( kids.bobevans.com ), asking to be removed from the BobEvans.com e-mail marketing list will not remove you from the Bob Evans Kid Times e-mail list. For information on how to remove yourself from that list, please visit the privacy policy for the Kid Times portion of our Web site by clicking here .
BobEvans.com does not currently, but may in the future, use a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are typically stored on your computer’s hard drive and allow a Web site to be more responsive to your needs, while delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. Please also be aware that some of the third party service providers that we use on this Web site to help us provide services to you (for example, the store locator) may use cookies.
Most browsers allow the user to limit the use of cookies. However, if you block the use of cookies from our Web site you may not be able to utilize certain features of our Web site.
Privacy of Children on our Web Site
To ensure compliance with federal law, the general portions of BobEvans.com and any microsites operated or provided by Bob Evans Farms, Inc. or any of its affiliates that reference this policy do not knowingly collect or maintain information provided by children under the age of 13. If you would like to review the privacy policy for the Kid Times portion of our Web site ( kids.bobevans.com ), please click here .
Links to other Web Sites and Services
For your convenience, our Web site may contain links to other Web sites. BobEvans.com is not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products, or the content of such Web sites. We urge you to review the privacy policies on each link to ensure that you are comfortable with their privacy policies and practices. In addition, none of the linked Web sites that appear on the BobEvans.com Web site should be deemed to imply that BobEvans.com endorses or has any affiliation with such Web sites.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
As we continue to offer you new and different types of content and services, BobEvans.com may modify our information collection and use practices. Should there be a material change to our information practices, it will be applied only to information collected on a going forward basis, and we will update this Privacy Policy statement. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our Web site for this and other important announcements from BobEvans.com.
We accept online applications, resumes and gift card orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. For example, 3.0 versions or higher of Netscape Navigator and versions of 3.02 or higher of Internet Explorer. This means you’ll be unable to inadvertently submit an online application or resume or place an order through an unsecured connection. Please be aware, however, that any information sent through the Contact Us feature on this Web site is not sent through an encrypted or secured connection.
As an additional security measure, it is our policy to never send credit card information via e-mail. In addition, BobEvans.com limits the number of employees that have access to the databases that contain personal information, and all BobEvans.com employees are advised of the importance of confidentiality.
Questions or Concerns
If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy practices, please contact us at customer_support@bobevans.com .
8111 Smith's Mill Road
New Albany, Ohio 43054
1-866-616-6464
If you have questions or concerns about Bob Evans business practices, please call the Ethics Hotline at 1-866-525-5214.
1-866-616-6464
Bob Evans Restaurants
Loading...
Your Carryout Order
Checkout as Guest
Sign in & Checkout
Remove this item?
Oops!
There was a problem loading your bag. Please click here to try again or call your Bob Evans to place your carryout order.
Search Bob Evans
To start your order, we need to find your nearest Bob Evans.
To start your order, we need to find your nearest Bob Evans.
Searching ...
Please enter a valid email
Please enter a valid ZIP code
Sign up for deals
By signing up, you agree to Bob Evans Privacy Policy
Thanks for signing up!
Menu & Locations
Site Error
