Search this website
Privacy Policy
This website (restoreprivacy.com) does not use Google Analytics or other invasive tracking software. Instead, we use Matamo (formerly Piwik), which is a free and open-source software that respects the privacy of our visitors.
Matamo anonymizes and truncates all visitor IP addresses (non-identifiable), while also supporting “do no track” browser settings. This protects the privacy of our visitors, while also providing us with information to improve the site – such as showing which articles/guides are most popular. (See how Matamo respects your privacy here .)
We respect the privacy of all visitors, which is why we collect as little information as possible to keep this site running smooth:
Privacy-friendly analytics (Matomo)
Anonymous tips and comments
If you want to leave a comment on the site or send us a message, you never have to use your real email address or name. You can simply use any name or email you wish for the form (real or fake) and we will still get the comment or message. If you want to use your real name and email, that’s fine too – whatever you want to do. You can also create an anonymous email address for free using one of the providers mentioned on the privacy tools page.
Overview
When you visit restoreprivacy.com, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse the site.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO PROVIDE
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with the email address and our responses.
2. WEBSITE USE INFORMATION
Similar to other websites, this blog utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how this site is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, and time spent at this site. The software we use to collect this information ( Matamo ) anonymizes and truncates all visitor IP addresses.
Therefore we get the basic analytics data necessary to run the site, and your privacy remains secure.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use this information for the purposes of administering, expanding, and improving the website for our visitors.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a website, that site’s computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites.
The use of information collected
As you use this website, the site uses its cookies to differentiate you from other users. Cookies, in conjunction with our web server’s log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting this site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback in order to constantly improve this site and better serve our visitors. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not generally store any personal information that you provided to us in your cookies.
Secure Information Transmission
Email is not recognized as a secure medium of communication. For this reason, we request that you do not send private information to us by email.
Links to and from RestorePrivacy.com
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our site. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our site to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including sites which have a link on our site, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using this site you consent to this Privacy Policy. If we change our policies, we will post those changes on this site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Footer
About
Restore Privacy was created to provide you with honest, useful, and up-to-date information about online privacy, security, and related topics. To help us spread the message and reach more people, please consider sharing our articles and linking to anything on the site.
Follow us on: Twitter
Support
Restore Privacy is funded by reader donations, as well as some affiliates in the privacy/security niche that align with our mission . To support this site, you can  make a donation or purchase products through links on this site (we may earn a small commission, at no additional cost to you).
