FAQs
FAQs
Pre-sales
Pre-sales
Our customer service is online now. If you have any questions before making a purchase, chat with our online sales to get more information. Service time, US EST 9:00 PM - 11:30PM, 1:00AM - 6:00 AM Monday to Thursday, except holidays.
For questions regarding order status and other after-sales support, log into Submit a Ticket and click on the order you need help with.
30 Days easy Return/Exchange
 
Am I allowed to return or exchange the order? 
 
What is your Return & Exchange Policy?
1. You have 30 days to decide if an item is right for you, if not, you can certainly come to us within 30 days of receipt.
2. Flash sale products, Jewelry are not covered by warranty.
3. Returns must be received in new condition; unused, unworn, unwashed. Items returned with obvious use, makeup, deodorant, perfume, or similar product stains will be subject to refusal.
4. We do not accept returned items that were sent back by you directly without checking with us first.
5. We do not accept packages returned using C.O.D. service. Return shipping charges are non-refundable.
6. Please return through your local post office to avoid tax.
7. For the returns, No signature required! Please do not add signature service otherwise we are highly likely not to receive it and this will delay your refund progress.
 
 
1Apply Return/Refund by Ticket
 
 
 
 
  
7Refund Applied by Customer Service
1. Log in " My Order ", then submit a ticket for return & refund. 
2. Our customer service will communicate with you in the ticket, and approved your application. Please pay attention to the reply we sent every time.
3. After application approved, you will get the Return Address and RMA number in the ticket. 
4. Pack the items you want to return, and ship them back by any shipping company available, like Fedex, TNT, DHL, UPS. Post Office is recommended to avoid tax.
5. This the most important step, please send us your return tracking number and shipping company by ticket. Without this info, we can't apply any refund for return.
6. You can also track the package online, then you will know when the package delivered to us. 
7. Once we have received the returned item(s), our customer service will apply the refund in 7 working days.
8.  It normally takes 10-20 business days for the refund to appear on your bank account or credit card. Or 1-3 working days in PayPal (normally in 48 hours ), that depends on the original way you used.
 
How to exchange the order?
 
Can I have a full refund for the return?
 
 How long will it take to get my refund?
 
 
What if my package was refused or was undeliverable?
1. Want to reship a refused or undeliverable package? No problem. We offer free resend as soon as the previous order returned. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subscribe and get 500 R points
×
