FAQs
FAQs
Pre-sales
Pre-sales
Our customer service is online now. If you have any questions before making a purchase, chat with our online sales to get more information. Service time, US EST 9:00 PM - 11:30PM, 1:00AM - 6:00 AM Monday to Thursday, except holidays.
For questions regarding order status and other after-sales support, log into Submit a Ticket and click on the order you need help with.
30 Days easy Return/Exchange
We have high quality control standard to make sure all the products we ship in perfect conditions, if you are not 100% satisfied with the items you received, we gladly accept the return&exchange within 30 days of receipt, please make sure items in new condition. Note that overdue requests may not be accepted.
Am I allowed to return or exchange the order? 
You can return exchange within 30 days of receipt for most items in new condition within 30 days of delivery. 
What is your Return & Exchange Policy?
1. You have 30 days to decide if an item is right for you, if not, you can certainly come to us within 30 days of receipt.
2. Flash sale products, Jewelry are not covered by warranty.
3. Returns must be received in new condition; unused, unworn, unwashed. Items returned with obvious use, makeup, deodorant, perfume, or similar product stains will be subject to refusal.
4. Any address on the parcel is not approved return address,and we don't accept the returned package without authorized return address from customer service representive.
5. We do not accept packages returned using C.O.D. service. Return shipping charges are non-refundable.
6. Please return through your local post office to avoid tax.
7. For the returns, No signature required! Please do not add signature service otherwise we are highly likely not to receive it and this will delay your refund progress.
 
 
How to return the order?
1. Log in " My Order ", then submit a ticket for return & refund. 
2. Our customer service will communicate with you in the ticket, and approved your application. Please pay attention to the reply we sent every time.
3. After application approved, you will get the Return Address and RMA number in the ticket. 
4. Pack the items you want to return, and ship them back by any shipping company available, like Fedex, TNT, DHL, UPS. Post Office is recommended to avoid tax.
5. This the most important step, please send us your return tracking number and shipping company by ticket. Without this info, we can't apply any refund for return.
6. You can also track the package online, then you will know when the package delivered to us. 
7. Once we have received the returned item(s), our customer service will apply the refund in 7 working days.
8.  It normally takes 10-20 business days for the refund to appear on your bank account or credit card. Or 1-3 working days in PayPal (normally in 48 hours ), that depends on the original way you used.
Note: Rosewe is not responsible for missing, damaged, or packages lost in transit.
How to exchange the order?
You can make a new order first, and when we get the return, we will apply a full refund of the items you returned.
Can I have a full refund for the return?
We will offer full refund of the items you returned. Please note that the customer is responsible for the return shipping fee.
How long will it take to get my refund?
1.The refund will be issued within 7 business days upon the receipt by our warehouse and verified the conditions of the items. 
2. It normally takes one business day for the refund to appear on your Rosewe wallet. The balance in your wallet could either be applied to your future purchases or withdrawn to your PayPal/bank account at any time.
What if my package was refused or was undeliverable?
1. Want to reship a refused or undeliverable package? No problem. We offer free resend as soon as the previous order returned. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Subscribe and get 500 R points
×
