All Images
Effective Date: 21/05/2018
This Policy defines the scope of privacy and degree of confidentiality protecting the information provided by users during registration and normal use of depositphotos.com (“Site”), Depositphotos’ services, programs and facilities. At any time, users can, at their discretion, allow or forbid collection and use of their personal information.
This Policy applies to Site owned and operated by Depositphotos Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its affiliates (collectively, “Depositphotos”). By using the Site, user provides his/her consent that Depositphotos has the authority to collect, use and disclose the user’s personal information according to the rules of this Policy.
Depositphotos proclaims and accepts its responsibility to protect the user’s personal information. This document contains the rules upon which such information is collected and used, and also the reasons for disclosure of such information. These rules apply to any personal information collected by Depositphotos.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) here .
1. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
During work with the Site, technical non-personal information about the user such as the user’s IP address, address of another site the user came to the Site from, time of the visit, and browser type and language version, may be collected automatically. We may also collect and analyze navigational information, namely the address and path of the user through the Site, actions performed at the Site, jumps to and from inner links, etc.
Personal information of the User is collected only upon prior permission from the User to collect and use certain information within these rules. Giving such permission, the User supplies such information voluntarily.
"Personal information" includes:
Information supplied by the user during registration at the Site, including the login, full name and e-mail. When user registers as a Contributor on  the Site, Depositphotos collects additional information such as postal address and contact phone number;
Information supplied by the User during purchase, such as a billing address and the credit card number;
If  the user is registered as a Contributor, information provided by him/her for payments, including data about the account in a financial institution used for the payments, and also information supplied by the user for personal identification (copy of the passport, driver’s license or another personal identification document).
Registered users also have an option to provide additional personal information such as address and phone number within their profiles. Each user can control what information is displayed publicly at “Edit profile” page.
Depositphotos never requires users to provide genetic data, biometric data, information revealing racial or ethnic origin of users, their political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade-union membership, and data concerning their health or sex life or sexual orientation.
Each user has the right to refuse the submission of personal information at any time. However, in this case, some functions and services offered at the Site may be degraded and/or made unavailable, in part or in its entirety.
2. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Collection and use of the user’s personal information is performed by Depositphotos for the following purposes:
Creation, management and maintenance of an account;
Processing of the User's inquiries and operations at the Site;
Customer service;
Data analysis and statistical research for the purposes of improving offered goods, products or technologies;
Provision and display of the content specially chosen in accordance with preferences and interests of the User;
Maintenance of operation of interactive areas;
Payment of commission to Contributors;
Identification of the supplied files as belonging to a certain Contributor;
Realization of communication and contacts on matters concerning transactions made by the User;
Notification about new goods and services to the Site User;
Marketing communications for promotion and advertising of Depositphotos’ and third-party products.
Depositphotos will ask for user’s consent before using his/her personal information for a purpose other than listed in this Policy.
Depositphotos collects personal information about its users only, and does not require users to provide Depositphotos with personal information of any third persons, except for case of sharing the lightbox preview as described below.
Depositphotos has the ability to send communications concerning transactions performed by the user, payment reminders and questions concerning purchase confirmation.
Users are free to select one-click opt-out possibility to unsubscribe from promotional and advertising communications. Depositphotos will not further send promotional and advertising messages once objection is received from a user. This one-click subscription is not available for transactional messages that are generally required. To opt-out of communications connected to transactions, users shall deactivate their accounts.
Our promotional and advertising messages will always be clearly identified as promotional and/or advertising, and will always contain both return e-mail address and physical postal address of Depositphotos. This return e-mail address will be capable of receiving user communications for no less than 30 days after the transmission of the original message.
Personal information collected by Depositphotos may be processed and stored in other countries at facilities belonging to Depositphotos and/or legally used by Depositphotos. Supplying Depositphotos with the personal information, users permit its transfer outside the country within the bounds of such use, provided that privacy laws other countries where the information Is transferred may not be as protective as those in users’ jurisdiction.
3. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Except in situations clearly stated within these rules, Depositphotos does not disclose, sell, lease, lend, rent or make available personal information of the user to any third parties.
Users’ personal information can be disclosed and shared with partner agencies that render services on behalf of Depositphotos. The services may include money transfer, data storage, reselling licenses, payment processing, etc. These third parties will receive only the information required to provide said specific services; the information will be kept and protected by the same principles and level of protection followed by Depositphotos, and it cannot be used for any other purposes.
Information about users may also be passed and disclosed as a business asset in the case of acquisition, sale or absorption of the company. In the event of this unlikely case, Depositphotos will inform users in accordance with the procedure outlined below.
Depositphotos reserves the right to disclose and pass personal information of the User if it is required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site.
4. ACCESS TO OWN PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information indicated by the User at the Site can be reviewed and edited in the section «Main Menu — Profile». Alternatively, users may contact Depositphotos at support@depositphotos.com and request a copy of information collected by Depositphotos to be extracted and provided in a readable format. Depositphotos will respond to such request without unreasonable delay.
We will retain users’ information for as long as their accounts are active or as needed to provide services to users.
Users shall contact us at support@depositphotos.com in order to cancel his or her account or request that we delete or no longer use their information to provide services. In this case, we will retain and use user’s information only to the extent, necessary to comply with our legal obligations, prevention of fraud, resolution of disputes and performance of our agreements.
5. USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES
Depositphotos and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. To manage Flash cookies, please click here .
We partner with a third-party ad network to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here .  Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
The User can allow or forbid the use and acceptance of cookies on his/her computer. If cookies are blocked by the User, it may prevent the User from being able to register or perform other interactive functions of the Site, but it will not affect the User’s ability to perform general navigation within the Site.
Email information collected for sending light boxes is not stored or used for any other purpose. That information is not shared with any other parties.
6. PROTECTION OF THE USER'S PERSONAL INFORMATION
Depositphotos actively monitors and enforces the information protection standards during all Depositphotos' activity, namely:
Limitation of the rendered access to information only to those employees who need it for providing services to the User;
Signature of confidentiality treaties by employees;
Signature by partners and external companies invited for fulfillment of particular functions of confidentiality treaties and agreements concerning non-use of such information for any unauthorized purposes;
Encryption of payment data such as credit card number using SSL technology through the use of our third-party payment gateway service providers;
Storing of the personal information obtained from the User in encrypted form, at protected computers secured from unauthorized access.
Since there is no perfect secure method of protecting information during its storage, processing and transfer into electronic form, Depositphotos does not give the full warranty of its complete safety, despite all efforts made by the company. If information of an account and personal data of the User are protected with a password, safety and nondisclosure of this password are responsibility of the User him/herself.
Users also have a right to lodge a complaint with competent supervisory authorities in countries of their residence or location should users consider that any of their privacy rights may be infringed by Depositphotos.
7. SENDING A LIGHTBOX
If you choose to use our referral service to send a friend a preview of a lightbox, we will ask you for your friend’s email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site and view the lightbox. Depositphotos does not store this information, it is for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
8. OPEN ID CONTRIBUTOR
You can log in to our Site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID contributor. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign- up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on the Site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
9. MINOR USERS
Site, Site content and services are neither intended to be used by minors and persons under age of 18, nor designed and intended to willfully and knowingly collect, use, or disclose any personal information from minors and persons under age of 18. Depositphotos will immediately remove personal information from children and/or search to obtain a verifiable parental consent for the collection use, or disclosure of personal information from children, once it will come to Depositphotos’ attention that any personal information from children was submitted or collected through the Site.
The User confirms and warrants that he/she has reached the age of 18, has all the sufficient for usage of the Site and is bound by legal obligations sufficient for any liability that can appear as a result of usage of the Site files. The User agrees to bear full responsibility for all cases of the Site usage without distinction, as well as for use of his/her login and password by third parties including minors and persons under age of 18 living with him/her.
10. LINKS
The Site pages can contain links to sites, services and functions of third parties, subsidiaries and affiliates that may use and conform to different rules and procedures of confidentiality provision from those stated here. Depositphotos is not responsible for the policy of confidentiality of such resources.
11. BLOGS
Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@depositphotos.com .
Our blog is also managed by a third-party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or login into the third-party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third-party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
12. SOCIAL MEDIA WIDGETS
Our Site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, and Widgets, such as the Share This button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These Features may collect your Internet protocol address, which page(s) you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
13. CHANGES TO THESE RULES
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any file (or material) changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
14. CONTACT US
For any questions, concerns or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at support@depositphotos.com or via postal mail at 115 West 30th Street, Suite 1110B, New York, NY 10001, USA. If you are located in European Union, you can use the postal address: View Point Building, 261, 28th October Street, Agias Triadas, 3035 Limassol, Cyprus to contact Depositphotos EU Limited, which is a designated representative of Depositphotos for privacy matters in European Union.
Both users and persons who don’t use Depositphotos services shall be free to contact Depositphotos with any questions, concerns or suggestions regarding our privacy.
Disclaimer: The original, legally binding version of this document is written in English, and it is translated into other languages for the courtesy of our non-English-speaking users. If there are any discrepancies between the English version and a translated version, the English version supersedes the translated version.
Request a Call Back
OK
Cancel
Depositphotos
Legal Information
