Our Privacy Policy describes how and what data NYC & Company and its agents (“we”) collect from you, and how and why we use your personal data. The agents are our back-end providers of services that support our website and the services that we offer. This policy also describes choices we provide for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal data that we process. We collect, process and analyze the data in order to provide you with the services available via www.nycgo.com and to provide other information or services including valuable information, offers and services to travelers, meeting planners, the travel trade or those interested in travel to New York City and in related travel, leisure, cultural, lodging and entertainment or services available through our partners.
If you have questions about this policy, our data use or any of your rights, you may reach our Data Protection Officer (“DPO”) and our dedicated team by contacting us at privacy@nycgo.com . This inbox is actively monitored and managed so that we can deliver an experience that you can confidently trust.
If you would like us to delete all of your personal information (except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes) and/or remove your name and address from promotional lists (including any personal information gathered by our agents) or to place your name on our “do not contact” list, you should contact our DPO at the email listed above. Please note that requests to update your personal information may take up to 30 days if sent by email and six weeks if by mail (at the address listed below). Requests for access to data that we keep or erasures of data may also be directed to our DPO at privacy@nycgo.com .
HOW DO WE GET THE INFORMATION?
 
Opt-In Information
Information may be received about you when you agree to provide us with information. If you agree to provide data by opting in to receiving further information or services from us, we may use the data you provide to update, expand and analyze the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, and provide information and services that may be of interest to you based on your agreement to opt in to receive this information.
Cookies
We may use cookies. We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our services. In order for you to use our website, subscribe to our electronic newsletter and other electronic mailings, participate in our programs and promotions and participate in sweepstakes or other contests that we may sponsor, we collect personal information that you submit to us and nonpersonal information that is collected by the use of cookies.
Cookies help us serve you better. We collect information that does not identify you personally, but rather identifies your computer or browser. We do not collect any personal information that you do not provide. Cookies are pieces of information placed in the settings of your web browser by a website server to identify your computer when you return to a website. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and visitor behavioral patterns. Whenever a site welcomes you and tailors data to your specifications, it is reading a cookie left in your browser and identifying information that you may have registered during previous visits, your geographical location or your viewing preferences based on sites you visit.
Your Internet browser can be set not to accept cookies; however, in some cases, this may result in some website features not functioning correctly. Please see www.aboutcookies.org for more information.
 
 
Provide Information
From time to time, we may use your personal information for internal or external marketing and promotional purposes or analytical purposes. For example, we may send you our monthly email newsletter about NYC events and special offers and we may email you about promotions and surveys.
Analyze
We may also use IP addresses to analyze trends, help us administer the website, track the movement of visitors and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to any other personally identifiable information.
Disclosure for Legal Purposes
 
 
Aggregated Demographic Information
We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties, but this information is not linked to any personal information that can identify you or another individual person. No personal information is disclosed in this manner.
Ad Serve Companies
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when users visit our website. These companies may use information (not including name, address, email address or telephone number) about visitors to our website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to such visitors. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here .
Partners
Also, we may occasionally provide your contact information to our partners and affiliates who may, in turn, send you information by, for example, mail or email about their products and services. On occasion, we may offer a special promotion (such as a sweepstakes, contest or a free subscription to goods and services) on the website in conjunction with a third-party service provider, sponsor or promotional partner, and share your information with that third-party service provider, sponsor or promotional partner so that it can send you other special promotions it offers and in those instances, we will inform you of the identity of the third-party partner.
Agents
 
HOW DO YOU PROTECT MY INFORMATION?
We store your information in a secure environment, compliant with industry standards and best practices. In addition, we use appropriate and effective methods to safeguard your personal information by implementing security procedures to protect your privacy such as encryption and risk analyses.
OTHER THINGS TO KNOW
We do not actively encourage use of our website by children or market or direct advertising to those under 16. You agree that you are over 16.
We will notify appropriate authorities and, as may be required, you of a personal data breach without undue delay if there is a high risk of harm based on the type of information and breach or provide notice in an appropriate manner where the breach does not pose a high risk of harm.
By submitting information to us, you consent to its collection and use by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
By email: privacy@nycgo.com
or by mail:
New York, NY 10019
