 
Protecting the privacy of all of our users is an ongoing commitment of Liveleak.com services (hereinafter, "Liveleak"). This Privacy Policy, which applies to all websites and services provided under the Liveleak names and marks, explains how Liveleak treats personal information that we collect and receive. Personal information is information about you, not otherwise publicly available, that personally identifies you; personal information may include your name, location, e-mail address, birth date, or other identifying information.
Liveleak has established registration and sign-in procedures which, in conjunction with this Privacy Policy, help ensure the privacy of information provided to Liveleak by its visitors and members while using the Liveleak website. You should be aware that this Privacy Policy applies only to the Liveleak website and services, and not to any other websites you may visit before or after the Liveleak site.
Questions regarding our privacy policy should be directed here .
 
What Does the Liveleak Privacy Policy Cover?
 
What Information Does Liveleak Collect From You?
You can visit our site and use most of our services without having to tell us who you are or reveal any personally identifiable information to us. There are, however, a few instances where we do collect personally identifiable information in order to fulfill your request. 
Whenever you visit Liveleak, our web server logs automatically receive and record anonymous information from your web browser including your IP Address, Liveleak cookie information, the Liveleak page(s) you request, the time spent on each web page and any search terms you query. 
Liveleak uses this anonymous information to customize your experience on our site, to show you more relevant advertising messages, and to improve our services in general. This information allows other users to benefit from the quality searches you perform, ultimately receiving the most relevant, pertinent information. We ordinarily do not attempt to link this information to a specific person.
When you register to become a Member of the Liveleak website, Liveleak collects certain information such as your e-mail address, your ip address and your user name (collectively, "Membership Information"). In addition, we may collect survey responses or other information regarding our users' interests and preferences.
Liveleak will not distribute, sell or rent any of the personal information about you to other people or nonaffiliated companies except to enable the provision of services or products you have requested or when we have your permission to do so.
Some contests, sweepstakes and other promotions that will appear on the Liveleak website may also be sponsored by other companies. These companies may also seek to collect personal information from you. You can avoid providing your personal information to these companies and sponsors by not participating in these contests, sweepstakes or promotions. In any event, you are encouraged to make yourself familiar with the privacy policy specific to any such event prior to your agreement to participate.
Please remember that any personal information voluntarily disclosed by you that you choose to share is done within your sole discretion and we are not responsible for the outcome of that information. We encourage you to always remain aware of this possibility. Liveleak encourages you to use common sense and be cautious about what information you may provide on-line, whether through our websites or elsewhere on the Internet.
You acknowledge, consent, and agree that Liveleak may access, preserve, use, and disclose your Membership Information, including content uploaded to or downloaded from Liveleak's websites and services, if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
Enforce the Liveleak Terms of Service; 
(b) Respond to claims that any uploaded materials violate the rights of third-parties; 
(c) Respond to your customer service requests; 
(d) Comply with legal process; and/or 
 
How Do We Use Personal Information?
Our primary goal is to provide members with the most useful and enjoyable experience on the Internet. Our advertisers will never be privy to your Membership Information, unless you permit us to give it to them so that they can provide you with products or services. Your e-mail address may be used by us for communications related to the Liveleak services, including but not limited to sending notices about new features, products, or other information of interest to you.
 
Do Any Third Parties Receive or Collect Your Information Through Liveleak?
In the few instances where Liveleak collects personally identifiable information, Liveleak will not share it with other companies or individuals unless:
We have your permission to share the information; or
We need to share your information with certain third parties with which we have a business relationship in order to provide a product or service you have requested. Unless we tell you otherwise, these third parties do not have the right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to deliver your requested product or service; or
We are responding to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; or-
If Liveleak is acquired by another company whether through merger or purchase of its stock or all or substantially all of its assets, we will share the information with the acquiring company.
Furthermore, Liveleak will not sell or disclose your personally identifiable information as customer lists to anyone. Nor will we share with anyone personally identifiable information about you that is of medical, financial or sexual nature.
Liveleak shares some of the user information, such as user trends, search language, and time of day with third parties that may set and access cookies on your computer. Other advertisers or advertising services may set cookies but this information is not shared with Liveleak nor is it personally identifiable information.
None if these third parties nor any other advertiser or advertising service, receives personally identifiable information from Liveleak. However, certain advertisements or contests you see on our site may provide for the collection of personally identifiable information. Such information is never shared with Liveleak.
 
What Security Measures Are in Place to Protect Your Information?
 
How Will You Be Notified if Liveleak Changes this Privacy Policy?
 
Cookies
Liveleak places cookies on your computer to retain your individual preferences and improve your user experience on our website, as well as to tell us what features of our sites are most popular. We do not store any personal information in cookies, nor do we use cookies to obtain any personal information from you.
Affiliates and advertisers, product and service providers may also use their own cookies when you interact with their sites and you should be aware of this as you do so.
 
How Do I Edit My Membership Information?
 
Notice Regarding Children
 
Third party advertisers
 
* preferred comment sorting
 
 
 
 
 
 
_gac_xxxx
 
 
 
the anonymous hashed id in the cookie links the web user's browser to a profile which contains the behaviors the user has displayed
Third
Tracking
Persistent
Legal Bases for processing your data
 
How can you exercise your rights under the GDPR
· Access: If you wish to exercise your right to access a free copy of your data, you can contact us by clicking this link .
· Deletion: To ask us to delete your data, please contact us . However, there may be circumstances where we are legally entitled to retain it.
· Updating: If you wish to update your data, you can do this directly by editing your user settings.
· Objection to legitimate interests: If you wish to object to our processing of your data where we are pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party please contact us .
 
Your Questions or Suggestions Regarding this Privacy Policy.
If you have a privacy concern regarding any Liveleak website or this Policy, and if you cannot satisfactorily resolve it through the use of the websites, you should  contact us here
(C) 2018 Liveleak.com
