This Privacy Policy sets out how we, Wizard of Web Ltd., collect, store and use information about you when you use or interact with our website, shoptimized.net , members.shoptimized.net (our websites) and where we otherwise obtain or collect information about you. This Privacy Policy is effective from 25th May 2018.
Summary Privacy Policy
View Summary
This section summarises how we obtain, store and use information about you. It is intended to provide a very general overview only. It is not complete in and of itself and it must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy.
Data controller: Wizard of Web Ltd.
How we collect or obtain information about you:
when you provide it to us (e.g. by contacting us, placing and order on our website and signing up for our email newsletter,
from your use of our website, using cookies and
occasionally from third parties.
Information we collect: name, contact details, payment information e.g. your credit or debit card details, IP address, information from cookies, information about your computer or device (e.g. device and browser type), information about how you use our website (e.g. which pages you have viewed, the time when you view them and what you clicked on, the geographical location from which you accessed our website (based on your IP address), company name or business name (if applicable), VAT number (if applicable).
How we use your information: for administrative and business purposes (particularly to contact you and process orders you place on our website), to improve our business and website, to fulfil our contractual obligations, to advertise our goods and services, to analyse your use of our website, and in connection with our legal rights and obligations.
Disclosure of your information to third parties: only to the extent necessary to run our business, to our service providers, to fulfil any contracts we enter into with you, where required by law or to enforce our legal rights.
Do we sell your information to third parties (other than in the course of a business sale or purchase or similar event): No
How long we retain your information: for no longer than necessary, taking into account any legal obligations we have (e.g. to maintain records for tax purposes), any other legal basis we have for using your information (e.g. your consent, performance of a contract with you or our legitimate interests as a business). For specific retention periods in relation to certain information which we collect from you, please see the main section below entitled How long we retain your information.
How we secure your information: using appropriate technical and organisational measures such as storing your information on secure servers, encrypting transfers of data to or from our servers using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, encrypting payments you make on or via our website using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, only granting access to your information where necessary.
Use of cookies: we use cookies and similar information-gathering technologies such as web beacons on our website including essential, functional, analytical.
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area: we will only transfer your information outside the European Economic Area if we are required to do so by law OR in certain circumstances we transfer your information outside of the European Economic Area, including to the following countries: U.S.. Where we do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place, including insert safeguards used for data transfers outside the European Economic Area e.g. the third parties we use who transfer your information outside the European Economic Area have self-certified themselves as compliant with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield.
Use of automated decision making and profiling: we do not use automated decision making and/or profiling.
Your rights in relation to your information
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
to complain to a supervisory authority
Sensitive personal information: we do not knowingly or intentionally collect what is commonly referred to as ‘sensitive personal information’. Please do not submit sensitive personal information about you to us. For more information, please see the main section below entitled Sensitive Personal Information.
Full Privacy Policy
The data controller in respect of our website is Wizard of Web Ltd. You can contact the data controller by writing to Unit 3, Building 2, The Colony Wilmslow, Wilmslow, SK9 4LY, UK or sending an email to [email protected]
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the data controller.
Information we collect when you visit our website
We collect and use information from website visitors in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Web server log information
We use a third party server to host our website called Cloudways Ltd., the privacy policy of which is available here:  https://www.cloudways.com/en/terms.php#privacy . Our website server automatically logs the IP address you use to access our website as well as other information about your visit such as the pages accessed, information requested, the date and time of the request, the source of your access to our website (e.g. the website or URL (link) which referred you to our website), and your browser version and operating system.
Our server is located in Malta.
Use of website server log information for IT security purposes
We AND/OR our third party hosting provider collect(s) and store(s) server logs to ensure network and IT security and so that the server and website remain uncompromised. This includes analysing log files to help identify and prevent unauthorised access to our network, the distribution of malicious code, denial of services attacks and other cyber attacks, by detecting unusual or suspicious activity.
Unless we are investigating suspicious or potential criminal activity, We do not make, nor do we allow our hosting provider to make, any attempt to identify you from the information collected via server logs.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our processing of information about individuals. Recording access to our website using server log files is such a measure.
Legal basis for processing: our and a third party’s legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: we and our third-party hosting provider have a legitimate interest in using your information for the purposes of ensuring network and information security.
Use of website server log information to analyse website use and improve our website
We use the information collected by our website server logs to analyse how our website users interact with our website and its features. For example, we analyse the number of visits and unique visitors we receive, the time and date of the visit, the location of the visit and the operating system and browser used.
We use the information gathered from the analysis of this information to improve our website. For example, we use the information gathered to change the information, content and structure of our website and individual pages based according to what users are engaging most with and the duration of time spent on particular pages on our website.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: improving our website for our website users and getting to know our website users’ preferences so our website can better meet their needs and desires.
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are data files which are sent from a website to a browser to record information about users for various purposes.
We use cookies and similar technologies on our website, including essential, functional, analytical.
You can reject some or all of the cookies we use on or via our website by changing your browser settings but doing so can impair your ability to use our website or some or all of its features. For further information about cookies, including how to change your browser settings, please visit  www.allaboutcookies.org .
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users’ experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users behavior and their devices (in particular device’s IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymous user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link .
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link .
Information we collect when you contact us
We collect and use information from individuals who contact us in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Email information
When you send an email to the email address displayed on our website we collect your email address and any other information you provide in that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information contained in any signature block in your email).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party email provider to store emails you send us. Our third-party email provider is Google. Their privacy policy is available here:  https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Contact form
When you contact us using our contact form, we collect name, email address, phone number, skype id, web address, company name, IP address.
If you do not provide the mandatory information required by our contact form, you will not be able to submit the contact form and we will not receive your enquiry.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Transfer and storage of your information
Messages you send us via our contact form will be stored in the European Economic Area on our third-party hosting OR email provider’s servers in the US. Our third-party email or hosting provider is Google. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
We use a third party contact form provider to store messages you send us. Our contact form provider is Cloudways located in Malta. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.cloudways.com/en/terms.php#privacy . Messages you send to us via our contact form will be stored within and outside the European Economic Area on our contact form provider’s servers in Malta.
For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Phone
When you contact us by phone, we collect your phone number and any information provide to us during your conversation with us.
We do not record phone calls.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Post
If you contact us by post, we will collect any information you provide to us in any postal communications you send us.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where your message relates to us providing you with goods or services or taking steps at your request prior to providing you with our goods and services (for example, providing you with information about such goods and services), we will process your information in order to do so).
Information we collect when you interact with our website
We collect and use information from individuals who interact with particular features of our website in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
E-Newsletter
When you sign up for our e-newsletter on our website or opt to receive from us by entering your name and email address and clicking subscribe. We collect Name and Email address.
Legal basis for processing: your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Consent: you give your consent to us sending you our e-newsletter by signing up to receive it using the steps described above.
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party services to send out our e-newsletters and administer our mailing lists, Sendy and ActiveCampaign. Their privacy policies are available here https://sendy.co/privacy-policy and here https://www.activecampaign.com/privacy-policy/ .
Information you submit to subscribe for our e-newsletter will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our servers in US. For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Use of web beacons in emails
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files) in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve. We will only use web beacons in our emails if you have consented to us doing so.
For more information about our third party mailing list providers and they use web beacons, please see their privacy policies which are available here https://sendy.co/privacy-policy and here https://www.activecampaign.com/privacy-policy/
Registering on our website
When you register and create an account on our website, we collect the following information: Name, Email address IP Address and any other information you provide to us when you complete the registration form.
If you do not provide the mandatory information required by the registration form, you will not be able to register or create an account on our website.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: creating an account on our website is necessary to allow you to access the goods and services you have purchased from us
OR
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: registering and administering accounts on our website to access project management tasks and facilitate the running and operation of our business.
Transfer and storage of your information
Information you submit to us via the registration form on our website will be stored within the European Economic Area on our third party hosting provider’s servers in Malta. Our third party hosting provider is Cloudways Ltd. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.cloudways.com/en/terms.php#privacy
Information we collect when you place an order
We collect and use information from individuals who place an order on our website in accordance with this section and the section entitled Disclosure and additional uses of your information.
Information collected when you place an order
Mandatory information
When you place an order for goods or services on our website, we collect your name, email address, billing address, shipping address, company name (if applicable), VAT number (if applicable), phone number.
If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to purchase goods or services from us on our website or enter into a contract with us.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we need the mandatory information collected by our checkout form to establish who the contract is with and to contact you to fulfil our obligations under the contract, including sending you receipts and order confirmations.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to issue you with an invoice for the goods and services you purchase from us where you are VAT registered and we require the mandatory information collected by our checkout form for this purpose. We also have a legal obligation to keep accounting records, including records of transactions
Processing your payment
After you place an order on our website you will need to make payment for the goods or services you have ordered. In order to process your payment we use ThriveCart.com. Your payment will be processed by ThriveCart.com.
ThriveCart.com collects, uses and processes your information, including payment information, in accordance with their privacy policies. You can access their privacy policies via the following link(s): https://stripe.com/gb/privacy .
Transfer and storage of your information
Stripe.com/gb is located in Ireland. Information relating to the processing of your payment is stored within the European Economic Area on our third party payment processor’s servers in Ireland.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: to fulfil your contractual obligation to pay for the goods or services you have ordered from us.
Marketing communications
At checkout you will have the option of receiving marketing communications from us.
Our goods and services
You can opt in to receiving marketing communications from us in relation to our goods and services by email, by ticking a box indicating that you would like to receive such communications.
We will send you marketing communications in relation to our goods and services only if you opt-in to receive them.
Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: direct marketing and advertising our products and services.
Consent: you give your consent to us sending you information about our goods and services by signing up to receive such information in accordance with the steps described above.
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party service to administer our mailing list, ActiveCampaign
Information you submit to subscribe to our e-newsletter will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third-party mailing list provider’s servers in the US. For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Use of web beacons in emails
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphical files) in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click-through rates which our emails achieve. We will only use web beacons in our emails if you have consented to us doing so.
For more information about our third-party mailing list provider and they use web beacons, please see their privacy policy which is available here: https://www.activecampaign.com/privacy-policy/
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
This section sets out the circumstances in which will disclose information about you to third parties and any additional purposes for which we use your information.
Disclosure of your information to service providers
We use a number of third parties to provide us with services which are necessary to run our business or to assist us with running our business and who process your information for us on our behalf. These include the following:
Telephone provider, including opl.co.uk.
Email provider, including Google. Their privacy policy is available here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Hosting provider(s), including Cloudways Ltd and Secure Fast Hosting Ltd. Their privacy policy are available here: https://www.cloudways.com/en/terms.php#privacy and here https://www.securefasthosting.com/privacy-policy/
Accounts provider, include FreeAgent.com. Their privacy policy is available here:  https://www.freeagent.com/website/privacy/
Our third party service providers are located in the UK.
Your information will be shared with these service providers where necessary to provide you with the service you have requested, whether that is accessing our website or ordering goods and services from us.
We do not display the identities of all of our service providers publicly by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of our service providers, however, please contact us directly via email and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it (where we have shared your information with such service providers, for example).
Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest relied on: where we share your information with these third parties in a context other than where is necessary to perform a contract (or take steps at your request to do so), we will share your information with such third parties in order to allow us to run and manage our business efficiently.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract and/or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we may need to share information with our service providers to enable us to perform our obligations under that contract or to take the steps you have requested before we enter into a contract with you.
Disclosure of your information to other third parties
We disclose your information to other third parties in specific circumstances, as set out below.
Providing information to third parties such as Google Inc. and Sendy. Google collects information through our use of Google Analytics on our website. Google uses this information, including IP addresses and information from cookies, for a number of purposes, such as improving its Google Analytics service. Information is shared with Google on an aggregated and anonymised basis. To find out more about what information Google collects, how it uses this information and how to control the information sent to Google, please see the following page:  https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): meeting our contractual obligations to Google under our Google Analytics Terms of Service ( https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html )
You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing the browser plugin here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Transfer and storage of your information
Information collected by Google Analytics is stored outside the European Economic Area on Google’s servers in the United States of America.
For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Sharing your information with third parties, which are either related to or associated with the running of our business, where it is necessary for us to do so. These third parties include our accountants, advisors, and insurers,. Further information on each of these third parties is set out below.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: running and managing our business efficiently.
Accountants
We share information with our accountants for tax purposes. For example, we share invoices we issue and receive with our accountants for the purpose of completing tax returns and our end of year accounts.
Our accountants are Ascendis Group Limited. Our accountants are located in England.
Advisors
Occasionally, we obtain advice from advisors, such as accountants, financial advisors, lawyers and business advisors. We will share your information with these third parties only where it is necessary to enable these third parties to be able to provide us with the relevant advice.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). 
Legitimate interest: running and managing our business effectively.
AND/OR
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation). 
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we need to share your information with other companies in order to be able to meet our contractual obligations to you or to take steps at your request prior to entering a contract., for example because of the services or information you have requested.
We do not display the identities of all of the other third parties we may share information with by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of such third parties, however, please contact us directly via our contact form or by email and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it (where we have shared your information with such third parties, for example).
Sharing your information with a prospective or actual purchaser or seller in the context of a business or asset sale or acquisition by us, a merger or similar business combination event, whether actual or potential.
Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation). 
Legitimate interest(s): sharing your information with a prospective purchaser, seller or similar person in order to allow such a transaction to take place.
Disclosure and use of your information for legal reasons
Indicating possible criminal acts or threats to public security to a competent authority
If we suspect that criminal or potential criminal conduct has occurred, we will in certain circumstances need to contact an appropriate authority, such as the police. This could be the case, for instance, if we suspect that a fraud or a cyber crime has been committed or if we receive threats or malicious communications towards us or third parties.
We will generally only need to process your information for this purpose if you were involved or affected by such an incident in some way.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: preventing crime or suspected criminal activity (such as fraud).
In connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement our legal rights
We will use your information in connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement of our legal rights, including, for example, sharing information with debt collection agencies if you do not pay amounts owed to us when you are contractually obliged to do so. Our legal rights may be contractual (where we have entered into a contract with you) or non-contractual (such as legal rights that we have under copyright law or tort law).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: enforcing our legal rights and taking steps to enforce our legal rights.
In connection with a legal or potential legal dispute or proceedings
We may need to use your information if we are involved in a dispute with you or a third party for example, either to resolve the dispute or as part of any mediation, arbitration or court resolution or similar process.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): resolving disputes and potential disputes.
For ongoing compliance with laws, regulations and other legal requirements
We will use and process your information in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, we may need to disclose your information pursuant to a court order or subpoena if we receive one or to the National Crime Agency in connection with suspected or potential money laundering matters.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation). 
Legal obligation(s): legal obligations to disclose information which are part of the laws of England and Wales or if they have been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework (for example in the form of an international agreement which the United Kingdom has signed).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: where the legal obligations are part of the laws of another country and have not been integrated into the United Kingdom’s legal framework, we have a legitimate interest in complying with these obligations.
How long we retain your information
This section sets out how long we retain your information. We have set out specific retention periods where possible. Where that has not been possible, we have set out the criteria we use to determine the retention period.
Retention periods
Server log information: we retain information on our server logs for 6 months.
Order information: when you place an order for goods and services, we retain that information for six years following the end of the financial year in which you placed your order, in accordance with our legal obligation to keep records for tax purposes.
Correspondence and enquiries: when you make an enquiry or correspond with us for any reason, whether by email or via our contact form or by phone, we will retain your information for as long as it takes to respond to and resolve your enquiry, and for 6 further months after which point we will delete your information.
E-Newsletter: we retain the information you used to sign up for our e-newsletter for as long as you remain subscribed (i.e. you do not unsubscribe) or if we decide to cancel our e-newsletter service, whichever comes earlier.
Criteria for determining retention periods
In any other circumstances, we will retain your information for no longer than necessary, taking into account the following:
the purpose(s) and use of your information both now and in the future (such as whether it is necessary to continue to store that information in order to continue to perform our obligations under a contract with you or to contact you in the future);
whether we have any legal obligation to continue to process your information (such as any record-keeping obligations imposed by relevant law or regulation);
whether we have any legal basis to continue to process your information (such as your consent);
how valuable your information is (both now and in the future);
any relevant agreed industry practices on how long information should be retained;
the levels of risk, cost and liability involved with us continuing to hold the information;
how hard it is to ensure that the information can be kept up to date and accurate; and
any relevant surrounding circumstances (such as the nature and status of our relationship with you).
How we secure your information
Measures taken to secure your information
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure your information and to protect it against the unauthorised or unlawful use and accidental loss or destruction, including:
only sharing and providing access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis wherever possible;
using secure servers to store your information
verifying the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting them access to information;
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt any information you submit to us via any forms on our website and any payment transactions you make on or via our website
only transferring your information via closed system or encrypted data transfers
Transmission of information to us by email
Transmission of information over the internet is not entirely secure, and if you submit any information to us over the internet (whether by email, via our website or any other means), you do so entirely at your own risk.
We cannot be responsible for any costs, expenses, loss of profits, harm to reputation, damages, liabilities or any other form of loss or damage suffered by you as a result of your decision to transmit information to us by such means.
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area
Your information will be transferred and stored outside the European Economic Area (EEA) in the circumstances set out below. We will also transfer your information outside the EEA or to an international organisation in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject (compliance with a court order, for example). Where we are required to do so, we will ensure appropriate safeguards and protections are in place.
Server log information
Information collected when you visit our website isn’t transferred outside of the EEA and stored on the servers of our third party hosting company Cloudways Ltd. You can access their privacy policy here:  https://www.cloudways.com/en/terms.php#privacy
Country of storage: Malta. This country is the subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Safeguard(s) used: our third party hosting provider has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Contact form
Information you submit to us via our contact form is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party CRM provider’s servers. Our CRM is ActiveCampaign. You can access their privacy policy here: https://www.activecampaign.com/privacy-policy/
Country of storage: US. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Safeguard(s) used: our CRM has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Email
Information you submit to us by email is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party email provider’s servers. Our third party email provider is: Google Inc. You can access their privacy policy here:  https://gsuite.google.co.uk/intl/en_uk/security/
Country of storage: US. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Safeguard(s) used: our email has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
E-Newsletter
Information you submit to us when you sign up for our e-newsletter is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party mailing list provider’s servers. Our third party mailing list provider is: ActiveCampaign. You can access their privacy policy here: https://www.activecampaign.com/privacy-policy/
Country of storage: US. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Safeguard(s) used: Our Email has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Google Analytics
Information collected by Google Analytics (your IP address and actions you take in relation to our website) is transferred outside the EEA and stored on Google’s servers. You can access Google’s privacy policy here:  https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Country of storage: United States of America. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
Safeguard(s) used: Google has self-certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield which is available here:  https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome . The EU-U.S. Privacy Shield is an approved certification mechanism under Article 42 of the General Data Protection Regulation, which is permitted under Article 46(2)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation. You can access the European Commission decision on the adequacy of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield here:  https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/eu-us-privacy-shield_en
Your rights in relation to your information
Your rights
Subject to certain limitations on certain rights, you have the following rights in relation to your information, which you can exercise by writing to Wizard of Web Ltd, Unit 3, Building 2, The Colony Wilmslow, Wilmslow, SK9 4LY, UK or sending an email to  [email protected]
to request access to your information and information related to our use and processing of your information;
to request the correction or deletion of your information;
to request that we restrict our use of your information;
to receive information which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (e.g. a CSV file) and the right to have that information transferred to another data controller (including a third party data controller);
to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes (for further information, see the section below entitled Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes); and
to withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent.
In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation.
For the purposes of the UK, the supervisory authority is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the contact details of which are available here:  https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
Further information on your rights in relation to your personal data as an individual
The above rights are provided in summary form only and certain limitations apply to many of these rights. For further information about your rights in relation to your information, including any limitations which apply, please visit the following pages on the ICO’s website:
Verifying your identity where you request access to your information
Where you request access to your information, we are required by law to use all reasonable measures to verify your identity before doing so.
These measures are designed to protect your information and to reduce the risk of identity fraud, identity theft or general unauthorised access to your information.
How we verify your identity
Where we possess appropriate information about you on file, we will attempt to verify your identity using that information.
If it is not possible to identify you from such information, or if we have insufficient information about you, we may require original or certified copies of certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with access to your information.
We will be able to confirm the precise information we require to verify your identity in your specific circumstances if and when you make such a request.
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
Your right to object
You have the following rights in relation to your information, which you may exercise in the same way as you may exercise by writing to Wizard of Web Ltd, Unit 3, Building 2, The Colony Wilmslow, Wilmslow, SK9 4LY, UK or sending an email to  [email protected]
to object to us using or processing your information where we use or process it in order to carry out a task in the public interest or for our legitimate interests, including ‘profiling’ (i.e. analysing or predicting your behaviour based on your information) based on any of these purposes; and
to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes (including any profiling we engage in that is related to such direct marketing).
You may also exercise your right to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes by:
clicking the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of any marketing email we send to you and following the instructions which appear in your browser following your clicking on that link;
sending an email to  [email protected] , asking that we stop sending you marketing communications or by including the words “OPT OUT”.
Sensitive Personal Information
What is 'Sensitive Personal Information'
‘Sensitive personal information’ is information about an individual that reveals their racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
Our policy on Sensitive Personal Information
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect sensitive personal information from individuals, and you must not submit sensitive personal information to us.
If however, you inadvertently or intentionally transmit sensitive personal information to us, you will be considered to have explicitly consented to us processing that sensitive personal information under Article 9(2)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation. We will use and process your sensitive personal information for the purposes of deleting it.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We update and amend our Privacy Policy from time to time.
Minor changes to our Privacy Policy
Where we make minor changes to our Privacy Policy, we will update our Privacy Policy with a new effective date stated at the beginning of it. Our processing of your information will be governed by the practices set out in that new version of the Privacy Policy from its effective date onwards.
Major changes to our Privacy Policy or the purposes for which we process your information
Where we make major changes to our Privacy Policy or intend to use your information for a new purpose or a different purpose than the purposes for which we originally collected it, we will notify you by email (where possible) or by posting a notice on our website.
We will provide you with the information about the change in question and the purpose and any other relevant information before we use your information for that new purpose.
Wherever required, we will obtain your prior consent before using your information for a purpose that is different from the purposes for which we originally collected it.
Additional Information
Children’s Privacy
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying regulations protect the privacy of children using the internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from persons under the age of 18. The website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from persons under the age of 18.
It is possible that we could receive information pertaining to persons under the age of 18 by the fraud or deception of a third party. If we are notified of this, as soon as we verify the information, we will where required by law to do so, immediately obtain the appropriate parental consent to use that information or, if we are unable to obtain such parental consent, we will delete the information from our servers. If you would like to notify us of our receipt of information about persons under the age of 18, please do so by sending an email to  [email protected] .
California Do Not Track Disclosures
“Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on a Do Not Track signal in their browser, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they do not track the user. For information about Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.org
We respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals by insert details of how you recognise and respond to Do Not Track browser settings.
Copyright, credit and logo
This Privacy Policy is based on a General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/769) (GDPR) compliant template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy. For further information, please visit  https://gdprprivacypolicy.org
The copyright in this Privacy Policy is either owned by, or licensed to, us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved.
Where we display the GDPR Privacy Policy logo on our website, this is used to indicate that we have adopted a privacy policy template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy as the basis for this Privacy Policy.
About Shoptimized
Shoptimized is a community of likeminded e-commerce entrepreneurs who have come together to learn how to upscale their businesses and out manoeuvre their competition at every turn.
Founded by Conversion Rate Expert, Bradley Long – Shoptimized cuts out all the noise and bullshit and shows you what’s really working in the world of e-commerce.
After working with some of the world’s most sophisticated brands as a conversion rate optimization consultant and helping them achieve double and sometimes triple-digit growth in under 12-months, Bradley decided to create his groundbreaking training that was first released in 2015 to help newer store owners rapidly grow their businesses.
Since then, Bradley has also created the world’s first split-testing training for Shopify stores, eCom Conversions.
He has also architected, the Shoptimized Theme to help store owners
shortcut the learning curve of what helps and what hurts conversions by
distilling his 12+ years of experience as a consultant and store owner
into an easy to install, high-converting Shopify Theme.
As featured on:
rapidly grow your sales and profits, go to
