Open an NRI Account online today. Provide your contact details and get a call back at time convenient to you.
Simply Give Missed Call on +91 7666660000
 
Disclaimer: Please enter only valid Mobile / Land line number. Do not enter Skype / Internet numbers.
NRE FD
7.25%
In the course of using the Website or availing the products and services vide the online application forms and questionnaires, ICICI Bank and its Affiliates may become privy to the personal information of Visitors (as defined in the Terms and Conditions, available elsewhere on this website), including information that is of a confidential nature.
ICICI Bank is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of Visitors and while it has taken all necessary and reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the Visitor information and its transmission through the world wide web, it shall not be held liable for disclosure of the confidential information when in accordance with this privacy Policy or in terms of the agreements, if any, with Visitors.
ICICI Bank uses 128-bit encryption, which is currently the permitted level of encryption in India, for the transmission of Visitor registration and transaction requests and information. When the information provided by Visitor is not transmitted through this encryption, the Visitor’s computer system (if configured accordingly) will display an appropriate message.
ICICI Bank undertakes not to disclose the information provided by Visitors to any person, unless such action is necessary to:
- Conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process;
- Protect and defend ICICI Bank's or its affiliates' rights, interests or property;
- Enforce the Terms and Conditions; or
- Act to protect the interests of ICICI Bank, its affiliates, or its members, constituents or of other persons.
However, the Internet is an open system and ICICI Bank cannot, and does not, guarantee that the personal information which the Registered User furnishes will not be intercepted or accessed by others and decrypted. ICICI Bank, its affiliates and partners, and its and their respective directors, employees, agents and representatives shall not be liable or responsible should any confidential or other information provided by or pertaining to the Visitor (including credit card numbers, bank account numbers, passwords, personal identification numbers, IDs, transaction details, etc.) be intercepted and subsequently used by an unintended recipient.
ICICI Bank will limit the collection and use of Visitor information only on a need-to-know basis to deliver a high level of service to the Visitors. ICICI Bank may use and share the information provided by the Visitors with its affiliates and third parties for providing services and any service-related activities such as collecting subscription fees for such services, and notifying or contacting Visitors regarding any problem with, or the expiration of, such services. In this regard, it may be necessary to disclose the Visitor information to one or more agents and contractors of ICICI Bank and their sub-contractors, but such agents, contractors, and sub-contractors will be required to agree to use the information obtained from ICICI Bank only for these purposes.
Visitors authorise ICICI Bank to exchange, share, part with all information related to the details and transaction history of the Visitor to ICICI Bank’s affiliates / banks / financial institutions / credit bureaus / agencies/participation in any telecommunication or electronic clearing network as may be required by law, customary practice, credit reporting, statistical analysis and credit scoring, verification or risk management and shall not hold ICICI Bank liable for use or disclosure of this information.
While ICICI Bank has no obligation to monitor the functioning of this website, Visitors acknowledge and agree that ICICI Bank has the right to monitor the functioning of this website electronically or otherwise from time to time and to disclose any information as necessary or appropriate to satisfy any law, regulation or other governmental request, to operate the Website properly or to protect itself, its affiliates and partners, and its and their respective directors, employees agents and representatives.
﻿﻿
ICICI Bank Group Websites
ICICI Bank Country Websites
 
 
