Feature image for
Website Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the North Star Portal and viewing our privacy statement. This statement addresses collection, use and security of and access to information that may be obtained through use of the North Star Portal.
What is the North Star Portal?
The Office of Technology, is the developer and manager of The North Star Portal. North Star is the electronic entry point to Minnesota State government information and services. It is the gateway for providing direct government-to-citizen public service provision and interaction through the use of information technology. The North Star Portal is dedicated to protecting your privacy on-line. The following privacy statement outlines how individual information will be handled by North Star while using our services.
Protection of individual privacy is a primary concern, and is governed by Minnesota Statutes Chapter 13, GOVERNMENT DATA PRACTICES. North Star has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site.
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
For site management functions, information is collected for analysis and statistical purposes. This information is not reported or used in any manner that would reveal personally identifiable information, and will not be released to any outside parties unless legally required to do so in connection with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings.
We use Log analysis tools to create summary statistics, which are used for purposes such as assessing what information is of most interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. Our Web site logs do not collect personally identifiable information, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that browse the North Star Portal. When you visit the North Star Portal and browse or download information, we automatically collect and store the following information about your visit:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used but not the email address. The Internet Protocol address is a numerical identifier assigned either to your Internet service provider or directly to your computer. We use the Internet Protocol Address to direct Internet traffic to you;
The type of browser and operating system you used;
The date and time you visited this site;
The Web pages or services you accessed at this site; and
The Web site you visited prior to coming to this Web site.
If during your visit to the North Star Portal you participate in a survey, fill out a Web form, or send an email, the following additional information will be collected:
The email address and contents of the email; and
Information volunteered to complete a Web form or in response to a survey.
The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats you send us. The information is retained in accordance with Minnesota Statutes ยง138.17, subd. 1 , and Minnesota Statutes ยง15.17 ; destruction, preservation, reproduction of records, prima facie evidence.
If you send us an email with a question or comment that contains personally identifiable information, or fill out a form that emails us this information, we will only use the personally identifiable information to respond to your request and analyze trends. This may be to respond to you, to address issues you identify, or to further improve our Web site. We may redirect your message to another government agency that is in a better position to answer your question. Survey information is used for the purpose designated.
Personal Information and Choice
"Personal information" is information about a natural person that is readily identifiable to that specific individual. Personal information includes such things as an individual's name, address, and phone number. A domain name or Internet Protocol address is not considered personal information.
We collect no personal information about you unless you voluntarily participate in an activity that asks for information (i.e. sending an email, filling out a Web form, or participating in a survey). If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to use any other feature of the North Star Portal.
If personal information is requested on the Web site or volunteered by the user, State law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. However, this information is a public record once you provide it, and may be subject to public inspection and copying if not protected by Federal or State law.
Users are cautioned that the collection of personal information requested from or volunteered by children on-line or by email will be treated the same as information given by an adult, and may be subject to public access.
Public Disclosure
In the State Of Minnesota, laws exist to ensure that government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by State government. At the same time, there are exceptions to the public's right to access public records that serve various needs including the privacy of individuals. Exceptions are provided by both State and Federal laws
All information collected at this site becomes public records that may be subject to inspection and copying by the public, unless an exemption in law exists. Minnesota Rules, Department of Administration Chapter 1205 defines Minnesota's Data Practices Act. In the event of a conflict between this Data Practices Act and the Public Records Act or other law governing the disclosure of records, the Public Records Actor other applicable law will control.
Access and Correction of Personal Information
You can review any personal information we collect about you. You may recommend changes to your personal information you believe in error by submitting a written request that credibly shows the error. If you believe that your personal information is being used for a purpose other than what was intended when submitted, you may contact us. In all cases, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. See Contact Information section.
Cookies
To better serve our users we are now using "cookies" to customize your browsing experience with The North Star Portal. A cookie contains unique information a Web site can use to track such things as passwords, lists of pages you've visited, and the date when you last looked at a specific page or to identify your session at a particular Web site. Cookies provide a method of distinguishing among visitors to The North Star Portal. Cookies created on your computer by using this Web site do not contain personally identifying information and do not compromise your privacy or security. We use the cookie feature only to store a randomly generated identifying tag on your computer. You can refuse the cookie or delete the cookie file from your computer by using any of the widely available methods.
Security, Intrusion, Detection Language
The Department of Administration, Office of Technology, as developer and manager of The North Star Portal, has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its telecommunications and computing infrastructure, including but not limited to authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. Security measures have been integrated into the design, implementation and day-to-day practices of the entire North Star Portal operating environment as part of its continuing commitment to risk management. This information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided via North Star Portal supported Web sites.
Unauthorized attempts to deny service, upload information, change information, or to attempt to access a non-public site from this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under Title 18 of the U.S. Code to include the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Disclaimer
The North Star Portal has links to other Web sites. These include links to Web sites operated by other State of Minnesota government agencies, other states, nonprofit organizations and private businesses. When you link to another site, you are no longer on The North Star Portal and this Privacy Notice will not apply. When you link to another Web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site.
Neither the State of Minnesota, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State of Minnesota warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by this system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk.ย
Footer navigation
Saint Paul, MN 55101
