WeKnowNext.com Privacy Statement
Welcome to WeKnowNext.com, owned and produced by the Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM). SHRM is the leading membership association for the human resource profession. Our Web sites are available to all visitors, although some content and features are restricted to WeKnowNext.com registrants.
On WeKnowNext.com, there are forms for visitors to request information, services and the use of certain Web site functions (such as the ability to comment on content). These forms may ask for contact information (such as your phone number or e-mail address), unique identifiers (usually a WeKnowNext.com screen name and password), or demographic information (e.g., your age, location, company name and job title, designation, etc.). Contact information from these forms is used to allow access to functions and provide the information that you request. Unique identifiers (specifically, your screen name and password) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity for access to restricted content or features on the site.
This Online Privacy Policy discloses SHRM's privacy practices and contains detailed information about the following:
What information of yours does WeKnowNext.com collect?
What are "cookies" and how does SHRM use them?
What organization collects the information and who has access to it?
How does SHRM use the information it collects?
How can you modify your WeKnowNext.com registrant information?
What is the opt-out policy for WeKnowNext.com?
What types of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
How does WeKnowNext.com use bulletin boards, comment/ranking/rating functions, discussion lists and moderated chats?
All functions and services on WeKnowNext.com are made available subject to this Privacy Policy. By using the products and services, you agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by this Privacy Policy.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to:
The Society for Human Resources Management
1800 Duke Street
Frequently-Asked Questions
1. What information of yours does WeKnowNext.com collect?
Our goal is to become your destination for workplace and HR-related information by providing information and services that are most relevant to you in the most convenient way. To achieve this goal, WeKnowNext.com collects information about site visitors. Information collected online is usually defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable. Anonymous information refers to data that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. SHRM collects some information each time a visitor comes to a SHRM Web site, so we can improve the overall quality of the visitor's online experience. For example, SHRM collects the visitor's IP address, browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Windows platform). Gathering this data helps us to learn what browsers we need to support. Other anonymous information helps us determine what sections of WeKnowNext.com are most popular and how many visitors come to our site(s). You do not have to register with WeKnowNext.com before we can collect this anonymous information. Personally identifiable information refers to data that tells us specifically who you are (e.g., your name and e-mail address). You are only required to provide such information if you want to take advantage of optional functions and services provided through our Web site. SHRM collects personal information in the following ways from different parts of this Web site:
a. Registration: You may be asked for personal information when registering for specific functions and services. For example, if you want to post a comment or rank/rate content, you will be asked to set up a screen name and password, as well as your name, job title, name of your organization and your e-mail address.
2. What are "cookies" and how does SHRM use them?
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a Web site to the hard drive of your computer. This unique number identifies your web browser—but not you—to SHRM computers whenever you visit WeKnowNext.com. A cookie will not provide personally identifiable information about you, such as your name and address. The use of cookies is now an industry standard and cookies are currently used on most major Web sites. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can reset your browser to notify you when you have received a cookie. You can also set your browser to refuse to accept cookies altogether. While SHRM does not require you to use cookies, keep in mind that certain services will not function properly if you set your browser to refuse all cookies. To help serve you better, SHRM generally uses cookies to:
Identify return visitors. Cookies let us remember your web browser so we can provide personalized services. Cookies also allow us to identify WeKnowNext.com visitors who are returning to the site, so you will not have to re-enter a screen name and password the next time you visit.
Display advertisements. SHRM uses an outside ad company to display SHRM-approved ads on our Web site. While we use cookies on other parts of our Web site(s), the cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company. These cookies allow SHRM to manage the delivery of ads and do not collect personally identifiable information. For more information about our third-party ad company, their cookies, and how to "opt out" of those cookies, please click here.
3. What organization collects the information and who has access to it?
Data collected through SHRM's Web site is generally collected and maintained solely by SHRM. More specifically:
a.) Personally identifiable information.
(i) Information provided when you register for services or products. When you provide personally identifiable information on WeKnowNext.com to register for a function or service, SHRM may sell the information to selected third parties, mailing lists (names, postal addresses, and or e-mail addresses) derived from such registrations. If you wish to opt out of such list sales at any time, you may do so by following the directions in Item 6 below.
b.) Anonymous information.
We disclose to third-party sponsors/advertisers aggregate statistics (i.e., impressions and click-throughs on a company's advertisement). Also, we may share aggregate Web site statistics with the media or other third parties. No personally identifiable information is disclosed to these sponsors/advertisers or other third parties as part of this process-only information in an aggregate form. Be aware that SHRM's sponsors, advertisers and third-party content providers have links on our site(s) that take you to other Web sites. For example, when you click on an ad displayed on WeKnowNext.com, you are linked to another site. Please note also that links to other Web sites are provided throughout WeKnowNext.com for users' information and convenience. SHRM hopes that all third parties involved adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our users. However, WeKnowNext.com’s Privacy Policy does not cover third-party data collection practices, and WeKnowNext.com does not assume any responsibility for any actions of third parties.
c.) SHRM India
We also allow our wholly-owned subsidiary, Strategic Human Resource Management India Pvt. Ltd. (“SHRM India”), to use the information which you may provide when you register for services, to the same extent as SHRM may use such information under this Privacy Policy, and fully subject to the same limits as SHRM is subject to on the use of such information under this Privacy Policy.
4. How does SHRM use the information it collects?
SHRM collects information to provide you with the services you request and to improve our Web site(s), and as indicated in Section 3 above. As mentioned above, SHRM uses the aggregate, anonymous data collected to let our sponsors/advertisers know the number of impressions or views and the number of "click-throughs" on their advertisement(s). SHRM also uses this aggregate, anonymous data to perform statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our site visitors, to measure user interests regarding specific areas of the WeKnowNext.com’ and to analyze how and where best to use our resources. Without such data, we would not know which parts of WeKnowNext.com are the most popular, and we would not be able to change and update the content and services appropriately. SHRM may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide information on individual users to the appropriate governmental authorities. In matters involving a danger to personal or public safety, SHRM may voluntarily provide information to appropriate governmental authorities.
5. How can WeKnowNext.com registrants modify their personal information?
WeKnowNext.com registrants have the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.
SHRM, 1800 Duke Street,
6. What is the opt-out policy for WeKnowNext.com?
SHRM provides registrants the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us and our partners. If you no longer wish to receive specific communications or services, you have the following options:
You can send an e-mail to: contact@weknownext.com
You can send mail to the following postal address:
SHRM, 1800 Duke Street,
You can call the following telephone numbers: 800-283-7476 or 703-548-3440
7. What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your information?
WeKnowNext.com has security measures, such as firewalls, in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your user data under our control. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur; we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Any other particularly sensitive information, such as your credit card number, collected for a commerce transaction is encrypted prior to transmission.
You are ultimately responsible for the security of your screen name and password. You should log out of your browser at the end of each computer session to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence, especially if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place like a library or Internet cafe.
8. How does WeKnowNext.com use bulletin boards, comment/ranking/rating functions, discussion lists, and moderated chats?
This site makes bulletin boards, discussion lists, comment/ranking/rating and moderated chats available to its registrants. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Privacy Policy Effective March 16, 2010
6030 reads
|
 
