FACTS
WHAT DOES REPUBLIC PROCESSING GROUP, A DIVISION OF REPUBLIC BANK & TRUST COMPANY, DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and payment history
transaction history and credit history
credit card or other debt and account transactions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Republic Processing Group chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Republic Processing Group share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes–
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
No
Yes
Yes
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
This privacy notice is provided by Republic Processing Group, a division of Republic Bank & Trust Company, and describes the sharing practices applied to your Elastic Line of Credit.
What we do
How does Republic Processing Group protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Republic Processing Group collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or apply for a loan
provide account information or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
give us your income information
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes–information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account. 
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Republic Processing Group does not share with our affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include third party service providers, third party processors, financial services companies, retailers, direct marketing companies and nonprofit organizations.
Joint Marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include prepaid card program managers and consumer credit origination services.
Other Important Information
California and Vermont Residents: Accounts with a California or Vermont mailing address are automatically treated as if they have limited sharing as described above. We will not share your information except for our everyday business purposes, marketing our products and services to you, and as required or permitted by law.
Nevada Residents: You may contact the Nevada Attorney General for opt out information by phone (775-684-1100); email ( bcpinfo@ag.state.nv.us ); or mail (100 N. Carson St., Carson City, NV 89701). We may share your personal information with offshore service providers, for the limited purpose of providing a customer service call center for certain of the bank’s products and services.
Ready to Apply?
It only takes a few minutes to apply and find out if you qualify for a $500 to $4,500 line of credit.
Continue to the site
 
