with Toyota Safety Sense™ (TSS).
with Toyota Safety Sense™ (TSS).
(CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES ONLY)
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Regional Toyota Dealer Advertising Associations (“Toyota Dealers”) collect, use, maintain and disclose information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www. buyatoyota.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Toyota Dealers.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Personal identification information collected
We collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. Personal identification information may be used to send follow-up advertising emails containing special vehicle offers or promotions.
Nonpersonal identification information collected
We collect nonpersonal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Nonpersonal identification information may include the browser name, device type, page served and technical information about Users’ means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies and our Site may use cookies to enhance User experience. The Site may place cookies on Users’ hard drives for recordkeeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. Users may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert Users when cookies are being sent. If Users do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. For more information about how to delete cookies from your cookie folder or on how to reduce the amount of cookies set by your browser, please refer to your browser’s help menu. We may also use cookies to associate your site usage with a social media profile on Facebook or Twitter and may serve advertising on these platforms based on information we collect on vehicle preference on our Site.
How we use collected information
Toyota Dealers collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service:
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer needs and information requests more efficiently.
To personalize user experience:
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
We may use information such as general location information provided by or collected from the User to personalize the User experience and offerings in a geographic regional manner.
To improve our Site:
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To send requested emails:
We may use the email address to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests and to provide promotion emails related to special offers.
To serve follow-up banner advertising.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners for the purposes outlined above. Additionally we may provide personally identifiable information to our business partners for the purposes of fulfilling requests that you have made (for instance, requests for additional information from our business partners).  We may also provide personally identifiable information to our business partners for the purpose of advertising special vehicle offers.
Advertising: How to Opt-out
We do not share Personal Identification Information with third party ad network providers. Providers may have access to cookies, pixels, tags or other targeting technologies on your computer or device to serve ads based on inferred personal interests. Providers may collect information related to geographic location and browsing history on buyatoyota.com or other sites you have visited. If you would like to opt-out of targeted advertising from buyatoyota.com please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ .
Third party websites
Users may find content on our Site that links to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Compliance with children's online privacy protection act
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our Site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
Changes to this privacy policy
Toyota Dealers have the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Regional Toyota Dealer Advertising Associations
c/o TCAA and Dealer AdTech
980 Washington Street, Suite 219
Dedham, MA 02026
Sorry.
Cancel
Please try again.
OK
The selected APR offer requires a minumum down payment of . This can be in the form of cash down, trade-in and/or cash incentives. You are currently short..
OK
The selected APR offer requires a minumum down payment of . This can be in the form of cash down, trade-in and/or cash incentives. You are currently short..
Would you like us to increase your down payment amount?
Yes
No
Close
Looking for Inventory?
ContinueFind
We're sorry!
The ZIP code entered is either invalid or no results were found. Please try re-entering your ZIP code.
GO
{{zip}}
for this area.
Cancel
Continue
You've selected a dealer who is located in a different region. To present you the most accurate offers and information for this dealer, select continue.
Cancel
Continue
Cancel
Continue
GO
You are now leaving BuyaToyota.com. Select Continue to proceed to the requested page.
Cancel
Continue
 
