Graduates First is committed to high standards of information security, privacy and transparency, in preparation for the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) we have reviewed our policies and procedures.
Please read our GDPR Statement for further information
This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms and Conditions , outlines what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you.
We update this Policy from time to time so please review this Policy regularly.
Information we Collect
In operating our website we may collect and process the following data about you. This may be used for research and marketing purposes:
Details of your visits to our website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our website, such as when you registered for information or make a purchase.
Information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason.
Use of Cookies
On occasion, we may gather information about your computer for our services and to provide statistical information regarding the use of our website to our advertisers. Similarly to the above, we may gather information about your general internet use by using a cookie file. Where used, these cookies are downloaded to your computer automatically and will stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies help us to improve our website and the service that we provide to you.
All computers have the ability to decline cookies. This can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. Please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website.
Our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control. Such cookies (if used) would be downloaded once you click on any advertisements on our website.
Use of Your Information
The information that we collect and store relating to you is primarily used to enable us to provide our services to you. In addition, we may use the information for the following purposes:
To provide you with information requested from us, relating to our products or services. To provide information on other products which we feel may be of interest to you, where you have consented to receive such information.
To meet our contractual commitments to you.
To notify you about any changes to our website, such as improvements or service/product changes, that may affect our service.
If you are an existing customer, we may contact you with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you. Further, we may use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, so that you can be provided with information about unrelated goods and services which we consider may be of interest to you. We or they may contact you about these goods and services by phone, post or e-mail.
If you do not want us to use your data for our or third parties please email enquiry@graduatesfirst.com . Please be advised that we do not reveal information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers but we may, on occasion, provide them with aggregate statistical information about our visitors.
Storing Your Personal Data
We do not store credit card details nor do we share financial details with any 3rd parties.
We will not transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the European Economic Area for processing or storing. Your data may however be processed by third parties operating outside of the European Economic Area by your own initiation.  For example, Paypal. We will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this Privacy Policy.
Data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers based in the UK. Details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety. The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.
Disclosing Your Information
Where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group. This includes, where applicable, our subsidiaries, our holding company and its other subsidiaries (if any). We may also disclose your personal information to third parties:
Where we sell any or all of our business and/or our assets to a third party.
Where we are legally required to disclose your information.
To assist fraud protection and minimise credit risk.
Third Party Links
You mind find links to third party websites on our website. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
Access To Information
The Data Protection Act 1998 gives you the right to access the information that we hold about you, please note if you have deleted your data we will not be able to provide you with such information.
Please email enquiry@graduatesfirst.com  for access requests.
Contacting Us
We welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this Privacy Policy. Please do not hesitate to contact us at enquiry@graduatesfirst.com .
Contact Info
Graduates First Limited, 2nd Floor, 6 Queen Street, Huddersfield, HD1 2SQ.
Phone: +44 (0) 845 269 0027
