The following is the Privacy Policy that governs the use of this website and any other website owned or operated by Metra (collectively, the “Site”). Metra takes your privacy seriously. Our policy is clear: we collect no personally identifiable information about you when you use the Site unless you provide that information to us. Unless we have your authorization or are required to do so by law or other extraordinary circumstances, we will not share with any third party the personally identifiable information that we obtain from you.
What This Privacy Policy Covers:
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information we collect when you use any website provided by Metra (including, but not limited to, "insert website name"). This policy does not describe information collection policies on websites not provided by Metra, including those linked to or from any Metra website. It also does not cover information you may choose to share with other users of any Metra website. 
The Information We Collect:
 
From time to time we collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit a Metra website, such as the IP address of your computer, the time and date of your visit, the pages that you access, and the number of times you return to the website. This information is not used to identify you, but is used in the aggregate to measure the use of our site, to improve the content of our site, to monitor access for security purposes, for Metra's internal marketing, and similar purposes. This process may involve the automatic placement of a small, removable text file (commonly referred to as a “cookie”) on your computer's hard drive. 
How We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect:
 
 
 
We may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good-faith belief that we are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to legal claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Metra or others.
Children's Issues:
The Site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, and children under 13 years of age shall not use the Site to submit any personally identifiable information about themselves. 
Changes to This Privacy Policy:
Metra may revise and update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting such revised Privacy Policy at our website. Your continued use of the Site after receiving notice of any changes in this Privacy Policy will mean you accept those changes.
Last Update:
This Privacy Policy was last updated on, and is effective as of September 9, 2009.
Contact Information:
 
312- 322-6777
Connect with Metra
Monthly Unlimited Pass
Valid until noon on the first business day of the following month. Full ticket information
10-Ride Ticket
Ideal for occasional commuters or leisure travelers. Full ticket information
One-Way Ticket
Travel from one station destination to another. Full ticket information
Weekend Pass
Unlimited rides on both Saturday and Sunday.  Full ticket information
Ventra App
Metra customers now have a convenient new way to buy and display tickets with their smartphones. Get more information
Connecting Service Options
Monthly Pass holders can add a connecting fare option to their order for convenient travel between Metra and CTA or Pace.
Featured
