This application (hereinafter “Application”) collects some Personal Data from its Users.
Ranked Boost, LLC, a company with principal offices located in UT , USA, is the data controller for the purposes of data protection law. Our data protection officer can be contacted at  [email protected]
The Privacy Policy explains how RankedBoost collects, uses, and otherwise processes information we obtain through your use of our products and services available on our website www.rankedboost.com or any other websites, apps, pages, features, or content we own or operate (collectively, the “Services”). The terms “RankedBoost,” “we,” and “us” include Ranked Boost, LLC and our affiliates and subsidiaries. This Privacy Policy does not apply to websites that simply name RankedBoost or have our logo on them.
“Personal Information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. An identifiable person is someone who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, address, email address, telephone number, an identification number, location data, online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, psychological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that person.
By using the Services, you confirm that you have read and understood the Privacy Policy and acknowledge that we will process Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Contact us at if you have any questions or problems regarding the use of your Personal Data and we will gladly assist you. Also see how Google manages data in its ads products .
By browsing this site you agree to our use of cookies. By creating an account or otherwise agreeing to our privacy policy, you consent to the Processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
KINDS OF DATA
The Data that may be collected by this Application are: Cookie, Browsing and usage Data, Email, Username, Various types of data, First Name, Last Name and Address.
The Personal Data may be freely inserted by the User or the Data Subject, or collected automatically when using the Application.
Any use of Cookies by the Application or the owners of third party services used by the Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify the User and remember his/her preferences for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User. Failure to provide certain Personal Data, in particular Navigation Data, by deactivating the Application’s Cookies may make it impossible to surf or for the Application to provide its services.
The Personal Data collected may regard both the User and third parties whose data the User provides. The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared through the Application and declares that (s)he has the right to communicate or broadcast them, thus relieving the Owner of all responsibility towards third parties.
The cookies that may be stored when you visit the Website are detailed below.
Type
Name
Unique number
To identify you as a unique user as you move from page to page on the website
When you close your web browser.
Cookie Consent
1st party
yes, no
Used to remember when a user has accepted RankedBoost cookie use notice
1 year
To enhance website security by distinguishing between trusted users and untrusted users sharing a single IP address.
METHOD OF PROCESSING
The Data Controller processes the Data of the Interested Parties and Users in a lawful and proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or unauthorized destruction of the Data. Processing is carried out using computers and / or telematic means, with organizational methods and logics strictly related to the stated purposes.
In addition to the owner, in some cases, access to the Data may be available to external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies). The updated list of Managers may be requested from the Owner at any time.
PLACE
The Data are processed at the headquarters of the Data Controller, unless stated otherwise in the rest of this document.
CONSERVATION TIME
The Data are kept for the time necessary to perform the service requested by the User, and the User can always ask for their suspension or removal.
THE USE OF THE COLLECTED DATA
The Data concerning the User or the Data Subject are collected for the following purposes: Analytics, Managing email addresses and sending messages, Content commenting, Handling payments, E-commerce, Displaying content from external platforms, Email contact and Registration and authentication.
The kinds of Personal Data used for each purpose are given in the specific sections of this document.
The use of Data for additional purposes by the Owner, may in some cases, and for legal purposes, require specific consent by the User or the Data Subject.
DETAILED INFORMATION ON THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA AND THE SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES
Analytics
Content commenting
Handling payments
Email contact
LEGAL PROTECTION
The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner of the Application in court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from its improper use or that of related services by the User.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Specific information may be shown on the pages of the Site concerning particular services or the processing of Data provided by the User or by the Data Subject.
MAINTENANCE
The User’s Personal Data may be further used in ways and for purposes required for Application maintenance.
SYSTEM LOGS
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services it uses may collect system logs, i.e., files that record interaction – including navigation. They may also contain personal data, such as IP addresses.
INFORMATION NOT CONTAINED IN THIS POLICY
More information on processing Personal Information may be requested from the Owner at any time.
Definitions
Personal Data – any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.
Processing – any operation or set of operations which is performed on Personal Data or on sets of Personal Data.
Data subject – a natural person whose Personal Data is being Processed.
Child – a natural person under 16 years of age.
We/us (either capitalized or not) –
Data Protection Principles
We promise to follow the following data protection principles:
Processing is lawful, fair, transparent. Our Processing activities have lawful grounds. We always consider your rights before Processing Personal Data. We will provide you information regarding Processing upon request.
Processing is limited to the purpose. Our Processing activities fit the purpose for which Personal Data was gathered.
Processing is done with minimal data. We only gather and Process the minimal amount of Personal Data required for any purpose.
Processing is limited with a time period. We will not store your personal data for longer than needed.
We will do our best to ensure the accuracy of data.
We will do our best to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of data.
Data Subject’s rights
The Data Subject has the following rights:
Right to information – meaning you have to right to know whether your Personal Data is being processed; what data is gathered, from where it is obtained and why and by whom it is processed.
Right to access – meaning you have the right to access the data collected from/about you. This includes your right to request and obtain a copy of your Personal Data gathered.
Right to rectification – meaning you have the right to request rectification or erasure of your Personal Data that is inaccurate or incomplete.
Right to erasure – meaning in certain circumstances you can request for your Personal Data to be erased from our records.
Right to restrict processing – meaning where certain conditions apply, you have the right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Data.
Right to object to processing – meaning in certain cases you have the right to object to Processing of your Personal Data, for example in the case of direct marketing.
Right to object to automated Processing – meaning you have the right to object to automated Processing, including profiling; and not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated Processing. This right you can exercise whenever there is an outcome of the profiling that produces legal effects concerning or significantly affecting you.
Right to data portability – you have the right to obtain your Personal Data in a machine-readable format or if it is feasible, as a direct transfer from one Processor to another.
Right to lodge a complaint – in the event that we refuse your request under the Rights of Access, we will provide you with a reason as to why. If you are not satisfied with the way your request has been handled please contact us.
Right for the help of  supervisory authority  – meaning you have the right for the help of a supervisory authority and the right for other legal remedies such as claiming damages.
Right to withdraw consent – you have the right withdraw any given consent for Processing of your Personal Data.
Data we gather
Information you have provided us with
This might be your e-mail address, name, billing address, home address etc – mainly information that is necessary for delivering you a product/service or to enhance your customer experience with us. We save the information you provide us with in order for you to comment or perform other activities on the website. This information includes, for example, your name and e-mail address.
Information automatically collected about you
This includes information that is automatically stored by cookies and other session tools. For example, your shopping cart information, your IP address, your shopping history (if there is any) etc. This information is used to improve your customer experience. When you use our services or look at the contents of our website, your activities may be logged.
Information from our partners
We gather information from our trusted partners with confirmation that they have legal grounds to share that information with us. This is either information you have provided them directly with or that they have gathered about you on other legal grounds. See the list of partners and third party services  here .
Publicly available information
We might gather information about you that is publicly available.
How we use your Personal Data
We use your Personal Data in order to:
provide our service to you. This includes for example registering your account; providing you with other products and services that you have requested; providing you with promotional items at your request and communicating with you in relation to those products and services; communicating and interacting with you; and notifying you of changes to any services.
enhance your customer experience;
fulfil an obligation under law or contract;
We use your Personal Data on legitimate grounds and/or with your Consent.
On the grounds of entering into a contract or fulfilling contractual obligations, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to identify you;
to provide you a service or to send/offer you a product;
to communicate either for sales or invoicing;
On the ground of legitimate interest, we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you personalized offers* (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
to administer and analyse our client base (purchasing behaviour and history) in order to improve the quality, variety, and availability of products/ services offered/provided;
to conduct questionnaires concerning client satisfaction;
As long as you have not informed us otherwise, we consider offering you products/services that are similar or same to your purchasing history/browsing behaviour to be our legitimate interest.
With your consent we Process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
to send you newsletters and campaign offers (from us and/or our carefully selected partners);
for other purposes we have asked your consent for;
We Process your Personal Data in order to fulfil obligation rising from law and/or use your Personal Data for options provided by law. We reserve the right to anonymise Personal Data gathered and to use any such data. We will use data outside the scope of this Policy only when it is anonymised. We save your billing information and other information gathered about you for as long as needed for accounting purposes or other obligations deriving from law, but not longer than 7 years.
Data Retention
We will retain your information as follows:
Registration and Account Information: 7 years after your last active session
Usage Information:
Survey Information: 1 year
Contests, Sweepstakes and Give-aways: 
Payments Information: 1 year after last usage
Technical Information: 
Usage Logs:  1 year after last usage;
After you have terminated your use of our Services, we may store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
We might process your Personal Data for additional purposes that are not mentioned here, but are compatible with the original purpose for which the data was gathered. To do this, we will ensure that:
the link between purposes, context and nature of Personal Data is suitable for further Processing;
the further Processing would not harm your interests and
there would be appropriate safeguard for Processing.
We will inform you of any further Processing and purposes.
Registration and Account Information.
We collect this when you register to use the Services, so that we can fulfil our contract with you. You must register to use the Services. To register, you need to provide your name, email address and password. You can also provide other voluntarily disclosed optional information, such as address, phone number, language and gender.
Information from Using the Service. 
We collect information you provide through your use of the Services. For example, when you interact with other users by posting comments and messages, chatting with other users on the Services, posting videos and screenshots, participating in promotions, and otherwise submitting information to the Services, the Services will collect the information you provide in such submissions. Some Services will also collect your postal address, telephone number, and other Personal Information from you when you make purchases from us and when you respond to surveys, polls, contests, giveaways, and other promotional activities. We do this in order to provide you with the Services, and because it is in our legitimate interests to provide a well-functioning and user-friendly site.
Customer Support & Communications.
We collect Personal Information through your communications with our customer-support team. We do this in order to provide you with the Services, and because it is in our legitimate interests to support you and respond to your communications. We will send email to the email address you provide to us and push notifications to your mobile device if they are enabled, to verify your account and for informational and operational purposes, such as account management, customer service, system maintenance, order purposes, notifying contest winners, and other Services-related purposes. This information is required to enable us to fulfil our contract with you and if you do not provide this information, we will not be able to communicate with you about the Services or provide you with all of our Services.
Social Media Information. 
We collect this when you log into the Services via social media sites, such as Facebook and Twitter. When you choose to connect your social media account to your profile on the Services, we collect Personal Information from that social media website.For example, when you connect your Facebook account, we collect certain Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook, such as your name, user ID, profile picture, and certain any other information you have made public.When you allow it, we also obtain other non-public information from these social media websites. We do this because it is in our legitimate interests to enable you to connect via your social media account and provide a well-functioning site that you can integrate into your online experience.
Partner Site Credentials.
When you log in or authenticate your account on the Services using your credentials from other partner gaming websites and applications (such as Battle.net and Twitch), we collect Personal Information about you, including a unique user ID, information about your avatars or game characters, and other gaming information.We do not receive your name, email address, or your account log-in credentials from our partners. We do this because it is in our legitimate interests to enable you to connect via our gaming partners and to provide a well-functioning site that you can integrate into your online experience.
Payments. 
When you make payments through the Services, you will need to provide financial account information, such as your credit card number, to our third-party service providers. We do not collect or store Personal Information, though we receive summary information about transactions, but it does not include credit card or bank account numbers. We collect this information because it is necessary to fulfil our contract with you, if you elect to join a premium subscription.
Advertising.
We use information, including Personal Information, to provide online advertising on the Services and to email you information we think will be useful or relevant to you. You may also choose to submit your Personal Information to take part in giveaways, sweepstakes and surveys. This is because we have a legitimate interest in marketing services to you, and in running advertisements to support our Services. We sometimes use cookies and other tracking technologies to help us with this – find out more in our section on ‘Cookies’ below. Where you consent, we may also use your Personal Information to send you electronic marketing. You can withdraw your consent to receiving electronic marketing communications any time by emailing to  [email protected]
Technical Information.
The Services automatically collect information about your device, such as a device ID and the browser type you are using, so that we can provide functionality, such as push notifications, and improve the functioning of the Services.You can also permit the Services to access your device’s contact list and photo storage. We also collect Internet protocol (IP) address, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device type, IDFA, AAID, click-through data, preferences and usage statistics to analyse how our Services are used, to optimize your ability to view and use the Services and to provide targeted advertising. When we associate such information with Personal Information, we will treat the combination as Personal Information. We use your technical information because it is in our legitimate interests to provide a well-functioning site that meets your technical requirements. We also use this technical information to serve targeted advertising to you.
In addition, we will use your Personal Information to do the following, as it is in our legitimate interests to run a successful business:
– to detect and prevent fraud and crime;
– for reporting and data analysis purposes;
– for insurance purposes;
– to monitor and assess the quality of our Service;
– to pass on feedback;
– to enforce our terms and conditions; and
– to provide third parties with statistical information about our users (but those third parties will not be able to identify any individual user from that information).
Aggregated Information
We work with third parties to gather additional demographic information about our user population on an aggregate level. This information is not connected to individual users. This information helps us improve the Services and customize the content and advertising on the Services.
Who else can access your Personal Data
We do not share your Personal Data with strangers. Personal Data about you is in some cases provided to our trusted partners in order to either make providing the service to you possible or to enhance your customer experience.
We only work with Processing partners who are able to ensure adequate level of protection to your Personal Data. We disclose your Personal Data to third parties or public officials when we are legally obliged to do so. We might disclose your Personal Data to third parties if you have consented to it or if there are other legal grounds for it.
We share your Personal Information with third party vendors and service providers.
These include:
– data centers and cloud storage providers located in the U.S., that process your Personal Information to help us provide the Services;
– payment providers located in the U.S., that help us facilitate payments for premium subscriptions, products and services;
– ad networks, marketing providers and ad screening providers in the online advertising industry located in the EEA, Japan, Singapore and the US, that help us serve relevant ads to you and administer our advertising platform;
– document management providers located in the U.S. and the geographical location of your account, to help us provide the Services;
– social media providers located globally, to help us make the Services accessible; and
– performance monitoring services located in the U.S., to help us improve the Service.
Other users. 
The Services are intended as public communities. Therefore, the information and content you provide to the Services will be displayed on them to other users. Other users of the Services will be able to see certain information about you, such as information in your posts and public profile. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of users who will view and use the posted information. Similarly, public posts, public profile, and any Personal Information in them, will be accessible via search engines or similar services.
Social networks or other partner websites, with your permission.
The Services will allow you to share information, including Personal Information, with social networking websites, such as Facebook. We do not share your Personal Information with them unless you direct the Services to share it. Their use of the information will be governed by their privacy policies, and you may be able to modify your privacy settings on their websites.
Legal Reasons. We may share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our terms of service and other agreements, policies, and standards, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
Corporate Transactions. 
We may also disclose your information to third parties:
– in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; or
– if we sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses, or sell some or all of our assets. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets.
We do not rent, sell, or share Personal Information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
How we secure your data
We do our best to keep your Personal Data safe.  We use safe protocols for communication and transferring data (such as HTTPS). We use anonymising and pseudonymising where suitable. We monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks.
Even though we try our best we can not guarantee the security of information. However, we promise to notify suitable authorities of data breaches. We will also notify you if there is a threat to your rights or interests. We will do everything we reasonably can to prevent security breaches and to assist authorities should any breaches occur.
If you have an account with us, note that you have to keep your username and password secret.
Data Transfers
By using the Services, you understand that your Personal Information will be transferred to our personnel and facilities. By agreeing to the Privacy Policy, you acknowledge the transfer of your Personal Information for the purposes described in the Privacy Policy in order to provide the Services to you.
We transfer your Personal Information from the EEA to the US using the following legal mechanisms:
Contract: We are a US company with operation in the United States and as such we transfer your data to our data centres in those locations in order to provide you with our Service.
Model Clauses: We also use the European Commission’s model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries (i.e., the standard contractual clauses), pursuant to Decisions 2004/915/EC and 2010/87/EU within our group and with our service providers.
Children
We do not intend to collect or knowingly collect information from children. We do not target children with our services. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Services is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you can alert us at [email protected] If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
Cookies and other technologies we use
We use cookies and/or similar technologies to analyse customer behaviour, administer the website, track users’ movements, and to collect information about users. This is done in order to personalise and enhance your experience with us.
A cookie is a tiny text file stored on your computer. Cookies store information that is used to help make sites work. Only we can access the cookies created by our website. You can control your cookies at the browser level. Choosing to disable cookies may hinder your use of certain functions.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
Necessary cookies – these cookies are required for you to be able to use some important features on our website, such as logging in. These cookies don’t collect any personal information.
Functionality cookies – these cookies provide functionality that makes using our service more convenient and makes providing more personalised features possible. For example, they might remember your name and e-mail in comment forms so you don’t have to re-enter this information next time when commenting.
Analytics cookies – these cookies are used to track the use and performance of our website and services
Advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are relevant to you and to your interests. In addition, they are used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. They are usually placed to the website by advertising networks with the website operator’s permission. These cookies remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
You can remove cookies stored in your computer via your browser settings. Alternatively, you can control some 3rd party cookies by using a privacy enhancement platforms. For more information about cookies, visit  Guardians  article on Cookies.
Network Advertising Initiative:  http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Digital Advertising Alliance:  http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance:  http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
We use Google Analytics to measure traffic on our website. Google has their own Privacy Policy which you can review  here . If you’d like to opt out of tracking by Google Analytics, visit the  Google Analytics opt-out page .
How you can control the information sent to Google
For tips and advice on staying safe and managing your data online, visit the  Google Safety Center.
Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your web browser when you visit or interact with Google services on partners’ sites across the web:
Ads Settings  helps you control the ads by Google that you see across the web. You can learn how ads are selected for you, opt out of certain categories and block specific advertisers. Learn more about  advertising .
Many sites across the web use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can  install the Google Analytics browser add-on . Learn more about  Google Analytics and privacy .
Google makes it easy for you to make recommendations for your friends – for example, by clicking the +1 button on content you like. Some of your +1s may show your name and Google+ profile photo in ads, but you can  opt out  if you don’t want to appear in ads. You can also visit the +1 tab on your Google+ profile to review and manage all of your +1’s.  Learn more  about how to get to your +1 tab.
Incognito mode in Chrome  allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser history. Cookies are deleted after you’ve closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about  cookies.
What are Ads by Google?
Ads by Google are keyword-targeted advertisements provided through the Google AdWords™ program.
These listings are administered, sorted and maintained by Google. For information about these Google ads, go to  adwords.google.com . Third party supplied ads are not the rankedboost.com responsibility.
Google may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your Web browser. Information from this cookie may be used by Google to help provide advertisers with more targeted advertising opportunities. For more information about Google’s privacy policy, including how to opt out, go to  www.google.com/ads/preferences .
By clicking on Advertiser Links you will leave rankedboost.com. The Web site you will go to is not endorsed by the rankedboost.com.
Your Rights and Choices
If you are located in the EEA, you have rights in relation to the Personal Information we hold about you. Some of these only apply in certain circumstances. We have described these situations below, as well as how you can exercise your rights. To exercise any of your rights, please contact us at  [email protected]
You have the following rights in relation to your Personal Information:
Access: to enquire and access Personal Information held by us and details about how we use it and who we share it with;
Portability: where we process Personal Information provided by you and processed by us based on contract or consent, you have the right to receive or ask us to provide your Personal Information (subject to any applicable law) to a third party in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format;
Correction: to correct any Personal Information held about you that is inaccurate and have incomplete data completed. Where you request correction, please explain in detail why you believe the Personal Information we hold about you to be inaccurate or incomplete so that we can assess whether a correction is required. Please note that while we assess whether the Personal Information we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you may exercise your right to restrict our processing of the applicable data as described below;
Erasure: that we erase your Personal Information in certain circumstances;
Restriction of Processing to Storage Only: to require us to stop processing the Personal Information we hold about you other than for storage purposes in certain circumstances; and
Objection: in certain circumstances, the right to restrict or object to our processing of your personal information (e.g. where you request correction or erasure, you also have a right to restrict processing of your applicable data while your request is considered).
If you ask for the deletion of your account, we will delete your profile information. Prior posts will be de-identified. You may also view the data RankedBoost stores about you and request to have it deleted or anonimized  here .
Complaints: 
In the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your Personal Information, please contact us in the first instance at  [email protected]  and we will endeavour to deal with your request. This is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with a relevant data protection supervisory authority.
Withdrawing Consent & Marketing: 
To the extent provided by applicable law, you can withdraw any consent you previously provided to us at any time, including consent for electronic marketing communication. You can do this by emailing  [email protected] . We will apply your preferences going forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to our use or disclosure of your Personal Information will mean that you cannot take advantage of certain or all of our Services.
California Residents: 
If you are under the age of 18 and a California resident, you can request that content or information you posted to the Services no longer be publicly accessible from the Services by sending an email to  [email protected] . Please note the name of the site or other online resource to which you provided the information, as well as the nature of the information you provided. We will use reasonable efforts to respond promptly to requests, questions or concerns you may have regarding our use of Personal Information about you. Except where required by law, RankedBoost cannot ensure a response to questions or comments regarding topics unrelated to this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices.
Contact Information
Supervisory Authority: For enquiries regarding our privacy policy, please use  [email protected]
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make change to this Privacy Policy.
Last modification was made May 24th, 2018 at 11:47 AM.
By RankedBoost
Follow us:
Mobile apps
Game content and materials are trademarks and copyrights of their respective companies, publisher and its licensors. RankedBoost is not affiliated with the game companies, publisher and its licensors. We may use cookies to personalize content, ads, provide social media features and analyze our site traffic. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies. Learn more at Terms of Service and Privacy Policy . Got it! Opt out
Privacy & Cookies Policy
