Last updated August 25, 2018  
Thank you for choosing to be part of our community at Secure Privacy Group Limited, doing business as ProxyRack (“ProxyRack”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). We are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at [email protected]
When you visit our website https://www.proxyrack.com, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. We take your privacy very seriously. In this privacy notice, we describe our privacy policy. We seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. We hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. If there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our Sites and our services.
This privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (such as https://www.proxyrack.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the “Sites“). 
 
1. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?  
Personal information you disclose to us 
In Short: We collect personal information that you provide to us such as name, address, contact information, passwords and security data, and payment information.  
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when registering at the Sites expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the Sites or otherwise contacting us.
The personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the Sites, the choices you make and the products and features you use. The personal information we collect can include the following:
Name and Contact Data. We collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data.
Credentials. We collect passwords, password hints, and similar security information used for authentication and account access.
Payment Data. We collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. All payment data is stored by our payment processor and you should review its privacy policies and contact the payment processor directly to respond to your questions.  
 
Information automatically collected 
In Short: Some information – such as IP address and/or browser and device characteristics – is collected automatically when you visit our Sites.
We automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the Sites. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Sites and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes. 
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.  
Information collected from other sources 
In Short: We may collect limited data from public databases, marketing partners, and other outside sources.   
 
2. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?  
In Short: We process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent.  
We use personal information collected via our Sites for a variety of business purposes described below. We process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests (“Business Purposes”), in order to enter into or perform a contract with you (“Contractual”), with your consent (“Consent”), and/or for compliance with our legal obligations (“Legal Reasons”). We indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.  
We use the information we collect or receive:  
To facilitate account creation and logon process with your Consent. If you choose to link your account with us to a third party account *(such as your Google or Facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and logon process.      
To send you marketing and promotional communications for Business Purposes. We and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time (see the “ WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS ” below).       
To send administrative information to you for Business Purposes and/or Legal Reasons. We may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information and/or information about changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.         
Fulfill and manage your orders for Contractual reasons. We may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the Sites.           
To post testimonials with your Consent. We post testimonials on our Sites that may contain personal information. Prior to posting a testimonial, we will obtain your consent to use your name and testimonial. If you wish to update, or delete your testimonial, please contact us at [email protected] and be sure to include your name, testimonial location, and contact information.            
Request Feedback for our Business Purposes. We may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our Sites.                  
To protect our Sites for Business Purposes and/or for Legal Reasons. We may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our Sites safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).                     
To enforce our terms, conditions and policies for Business Purposes and/or for Legal Reasons.                         
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm for Legal Reasons. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.                           
 
3. WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE?  
In Short: We only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.   
We only share and disclose your information in the following situations: 
Compliance with Laws. We may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). 
Vital Interests and Legal Rights. We may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.  
Vendors, Consultants and Other Third-Party Service Providers. We may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. Examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. We may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the Sites, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the Sites over time. This information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. Unless described in this Policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.    
Business Transfers. We may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.   
Affiliates. We may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.      
With your Consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent.   
4. DO WE USE COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES?  
In Short:  We may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your information.  
 
5. IS YOUR INFORMATION TRANSFERRED INTERNATIONALLY?  
In Short: We may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.  
Our servers are located in United States. If you are accessing our Sites from outside United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see “ WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE SHARED WITH ANYONE? ” above), in United States, and other countries. 
If you are a resident in the European Economic Area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. We will however take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.  
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework:  
In particular Company complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States and has certified its compliance with it. As such, Company is committed to subjecting all personal information received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the  U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List . 
Company is responsible for the processing of personal information it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. 
 
6. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION?  
In Short: We keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless otherwise required by law.  
We will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). No purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us. 
 
7. HOW DO WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SAFE?   
In Short: We aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.  
 
8. DO WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM MINORS?  
In Short: We do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.  
 
9. WHAT ARE YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS?  
In Short: In some regions, such as the European Economic Area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. You may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.   
In some regions (like the European Economic Area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please use the  contact details  provided below. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. 
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.   
 
Account Information  
If you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:  
■  Log into your account settings and update your user account.   
Upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. However, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use and/or comply with legal requirements.     
Cookies and similar technologies: Most Web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. If you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our Sites. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by advertisers on our Sites visit  http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ .     
Opting out of email marketing: You can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. You will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. To otherwise opt-out, you may:  
■  Access your account settings and update preferences.   
■  Contact us using the contact information provided.   
10. DO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS HAVE SPECIFIC PRIVACY RIGHTS?  
In Short: Yes, if you are a resident of California, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.   
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below. 
 
11. DO WE MAKE UPDATES TO THIS POLICY?  
 
12. HOW CAN YOU CONTACT US ABOUT THIS POLICY?  
If you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO), Sam Cross, by email at [email protected] , or by post to:
Secure Privacy Group Limited          
Hong Kong         
If you have any further questions or comments about us or our policies, email us at [email protected] or by post to: 
Secure Privacy Group Limited  
Hong Kong       
Phone: +852 800 906 026    
Fax: +852 800 906 026   
How can you review, update, or delete the data we collect from you?
Based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. To request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by clicking here . We will respond to your request within 30 days.
Quick Links
Notify me when more slots are available
We expect more slots to be available in the next 2 weeks.
Email
