Consumers Energy Payment Center
Consumers Energy Payment Center
Customer Data Privacy Policy FAQ’s
Note: The responses to the following Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ’s) are meant to provide a summary of Consumers Energy’s Customer Data Privacy Policy in a quick and easy to understand format.  See the links below for the specific rules and requirements of Consumers Energy’s actual Customer Data Privacy Policy.
We collect customer information based on our business relationship with you and your use of our energy services and other products we provide. Some examples include, but are not limited to:
Contact information that allows us to communicate with you, including your name, address, telephone number and email address.
Billing and payment information, including your payment data, credit history, driver’s license or state ID number and Social Security Number.
Electric and natural gas use data gathered by our metering systems such as ccf, mcf, therms, dth, kW, kWh, voltage, var, or power factor, and other data that is recorded by the electric or natural gas meter.
Information gathered when you choose to participate in company programs or services, such as bill payment assistance, shut-off protection, renewable energy, demand-side management, load management or energy efficiency.
This site uses the Clicktale customer experience analytics service. The Clicktale service helps us analyze how visitors use our Website. We do not collect through the Clicktale service or transfer to Clicktale any personal identifiable information. We only use the Clicktale service to record, on a completely anonymous basis, information such as mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity as well as non-Personally Identifiable Information text you type in this website. Clicktale does not create a user profile for the purpose of tracking a user across unrelated web sites and will only use such information pursuant to its Privacy Policy (located at http://www.clicktale.com/company/privacy-service ). You can choose to disable the Clicktale service at http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html .
Consumers Energy will not sell your information, except in connection with sales of certain aged receivables to third party collection firms for purposes of removing this liability from its accounts.
Consumers Energy’s privacy policy is reviewed on a periodic basis. When an update is made, a notice of Consumers Energy’s privacy policy will be prominently posted on the Consumers Energy website.
Where can I obtain a copy of Consumers Energy’s current Privacy Policy?
Click on the links here to see both Consumers Energy’s Electric and Gas Privacy Policy contained in its current rate books.
BUSINESS
800-805-0490
© 2018 Consumers Energy
You’re on Your Way to Our Old Site
We’re still working on this part of the site. In the meantime, we’re sending you back to the old site. Check back soon for updates!
