Start shopping now and fill it up with great healthy
goodies & fantastic savings!
Stay Updated
Be the first to know about new products, exclusive promotions, savings and healthy news announcements.
EFFECTIVE DATE: 5/25/2018
Welcome to LuckyVitamin.com. This Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect about you when you use our webSite (www.luckyvitamin.com) (the "Site") or when you otherwise interact with us, including through our customer service channels. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at (https://www.luckyvitamin.com/t-contact-us-form)
When we use the term "LuckyVitamin" or "we" or "us," we are referring to LuckyVitamin Corporation.
You can jump to specific areas of this Privacy Policy by clicking on the links below, or you can read on for the full Privacy Policy Below:
Information We Collect
You may choose to provide us with Information in a variety of ways. For example, you may provide information to us when you place an online order, sign up for our marketing emails, create an account or submit a question through our Contact Us page or Professional Support Section. The types of information we collect about you include your name, email address, physical address, payment method information, billing and shipping address, phone number, birthday, demographic information and any other information you choose to provide.
We also collect information about you from others, such as when a user enters your name and email address in our Refer a Friend form.
In addition, we automatically collect information about you when you visit the Site ("Usage Information"), including your IP address, browser type and domain name, the date/time and length of your visit, the functions you used and content you viewed, the number of times you visit and/or purchase from the Site, the items you place in your shopping cart, the webpages you viSited before and after visiting the Site and other information collected through cookies and other tracking tools (Please see the section titled "Cookies and Tracking Tools" for more information).
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. First and foremost, we use the information we collect to create, maintain and improve our Site, products and services. We also use the information we collect to:
Customize your experience on the Site
Perform data analysis, identify usage trends and improve our products and services, including the Site
Provide our products and services, including fulfilling your product orders
Respond to your requests or inquiries and provide customer support
Contact you about programs, products, or services that we believe may be of interest to you, including new product or service announcements, savings or discount programs, special offers from other companies or other promotional offers
Conduct market research, surveys and similar inquiries to help us understand trends and customer needs across product categories or customer groups
Alert you about a product safety announcement or recall or correction of an offer, promotion, or advertisement
Enhance the security of our Site and services
Monitor and prevent fraud, and Enforce our Terms of Use and other policies
Administer our Lucky Ambassador program if you decide to participate in that program, including to make commission payments and communicate with you about the program.
How We May Share the Information We Collect
We won't disclose information we collect about you to anyone outside of LuckyVitamin, except in the following circumstances.
Service Providers
We disclose information to third-party service providers that we engage to provide us and you with various services ("Providers"). Examples of Providers include data analysis firms, credit card processing companies, companies that help fulfill your orders, webSite hosting providers, fraud detection and identity verification services, customer service, e-mail and SMS vendors, auditing firms and other providers. Providers also include any co-promotion partners with which we jointly develop or market products or services. Some Providers may collect information on our behalf or through your use of the Site.
Affliliates
We may share information we collect about you with legal entities in the LuckyVitamin family of companies for purposes and uses that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Corporate Transactions
We may disclose information we collect about you to third parties as part of a corporate business transaction,  such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of some or all of our assets, including in the context of bankruptcy proceedings.
In Compliance with Law
In addition, we may disclose your information we collect about you as we deem necessary or appropriate: (1) comply with applicable law; (2) respond to requests from governmental authorities, including those outside your country of residence; (3) comply with subpoenas and other legal processes; (4) pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain; (5) protect our operations, rights or properties and those of our affiliates; and (6) enforce our Terms of Use and other applicable policies.
Aggregate or De-Identified
We may aggregate your information we collect about you with that of other individuals, or otherwise de-identify the information we collect about you, and share that aggregated or de-identified data with third parties, but only in a form in which the information can no longer be used to identify you as an individual.
Consent
We may also share personal data with thrid parties when we have your consent to do so.
Accessing and Updating Your Information
You may always manage, update and correct the information you provide as part of your online account by logging into your user account. Alternatively, you may contact us to request that it be updated by using the information set forth in the Contact Us section below.
Cookies and Tracking Tools
Tools
We use cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies ("Tools"), including those provided by other companies, which collect and track information about you and your activities online over time and across different webSites and online services.
For more information about our use of cookies and how to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy Here .
EEA Residents
If you are a resident of the EEA, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding our processing of your personal data. Please see the sections below for more details.
Legal Basis for Processing
We will only process personal data about you in the following situations:
As necessary to erform our responsibilities under our contract with you. For example, by processing your order and delivering the products you purchase.
When we have a legitimate interesting processing your personal data. For example, to communicate with you about changes to our Site or legal documents, to prevent fraud, or to provide, prtect and improve our products and services.
If we request your consent to a specific processing activity, and you provide your consent in the manner indicated.
In some cases, processing will be necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, such as response to legal process requests.
Data Subject Requests
You have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that this data be corrected. In certain cases, you may also have the right to request that we erase data we are processing or to restrict or object to certain of our processing activities. You ma also have the right to request that we provide you with the personal data you have provided us in a portable form for transmission to another controller's service. If you would like to exercise an of these rights, you may contact us as indicated below.
Data Retention
We store the information we collect about you for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purpose or as required by law.
Questions or Complaints
If you have a concern about our processing of personal data that we are not able to resolve, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data privacy authority where you reside. For contact details of your local Data Protection Authority, please see: http://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/news-overview.cfm
International
The information we collect about you may be transferred to, and accessed from within, the United States and other countries, as permitted by applicable law. These other countries may not offer the same level of data protection as your home jurisdiction. However, LuckyVitamin will at all times treat the information we collect about you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. And, we will take steps to maintain an adequate level of protection for this information in the jurisdiction in which we process it.
California Residents
Under California law, California residents may request a list of all third parties to whom we have disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and would like to receive such a list, please send us an email through the contact form (https://www.luckyvitamin.com/t-contact-us-form) . For any such request, please include the statement "My California Privacy Rights" in the subject line of your email, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. Please provide enough information for us to determine if you are a California resident. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly or that do not have complete information.
Notification of Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Whenever we change our Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on this Site indicating that a new version is available. In some cases, we may provide you with additional notice, such as through a banner notice on our Site or an email.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with LuckyVitamin, please contact:
LuckyVitamin.com
Customer
Support
Fast,
Free Shipping
Same day shipping on orders placed before 1pm EST. Free ship over $49.
Low Price
* Required Fields.
Your Name:
(1)
LuckyVitamin
555 E. North Lane, Suite 6050, Conshohocken, PA 19428 USA -
1-888-635-0474
All prices in US Dollars
Free Shipping (orders over $49) or Flat Rate $5.95 Standard Shipping (continental 48 states)
Most orders deliver in 2-5 business days
Expedited shipping options available
No sales tax on orders outside of Pennsylvania
Same day shipping on orders placed before 1 PM EST (Mon-Fri)
Orders processed 7 days/week
APO/FPO/PO Box delivery options
Wishlist
Create a Wish List
To keep track of items you are interested in buying in the future. Once you purchase the items, they come off of your list.
To add an item to you Wish List simply click the Add to Wish List link from the drop down arrow next to the Add to Cart button. You can add as many items to your list as you wish.
*To save items you frequently buy to a permanent list for easy lookup and re-ordering, try a Regimen.
REGIMEN
Create a list of products for easy ordering
To save items you frequently buy to a permanent list for easy lookup and re-ordering, try a Regimen.
Back Ordered
Thank You
The item above is on back order and estimated to ship in 2-4 days This will NOT delay shipping of in stock items
Buy this item now and we will ship when it arrives at no extra cost
Email Me When Available
Notify Me
*Note: By submitting this information you will receive a one time notification alert to confirm when this item will be back in stock. You will not receive any other solicitation or notification from us regarding any promotional or other marketing information. We never rent, sell or share your email address. View our privacy policy .
EMAIL ME WHEN IN STOCK
Thank You
The above item is currently unavailable from the manufacturer and is therefore out of stock. Please fill in the form below to receive a one time automated email alert which will confirm when this item is back in stock at LuckyVitamin.com.
First Name:*
Notify Me
*Note: By submitting this information you will receive a one time notification alert to confirm when this item will be back in stock. You will not receive any other solicitation or notification from us regarding any promotional or other marketing information. We never rent, sell or share your email address. View our privacy policy .
EMAIL ME WHEN IN STOCK
Thank You
Sorry, this item is temporarily unavailable. It's out of stock and we aren't accepting back orders at this time. Please fill in the form below to receive a one time automated email alert which will confirm when this item is back in stock at LuckyVitamin.com.
First Name:*
Notify Me
×
