Last updated: March 15, 2018
Washington University in St. Louis (“WUSTL”) is committed to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our websites and all users of its mobile applications. When you visit our website or use WUSTL applications, you trust us with certain information. WUSTL shares your interest in protecting your privacy, and we endeavor to secure any information you provide to us.
This Privacy Policy governs your use of any of WUSTL’s mobile applications or the University’s website. It is intended to help you understand our policies concerning what data we collect from our users, why we collect it, and how we use it.
The Information We Collect
Downloading a WUSTL application does not typically require registration. However, if an application does request registration, you may not be able to use some of the features offered by that WUSTL Application unless you complete registration.
WUSTL does not track individual users of its website or applications. However, after you download and while you are using a WUSTL application, we may ask that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information that could be used to contact or identify you. For example, when you register to use a WUSTL Application, we may ask that you provide us your University ID, password, and/or mobile phone number. Additional personally identifiable information we may collect includes, but is not limited to your name, email address, physical address, and date of birth (“Personal Information”).
How We May Use the Information We Collect
WUSTL uses the information it collects from you in connection with your use of either its website or a mobile application only for University purposes and in compliance with its policies and procedures.
Likewise, information that you voluntarily provide through a Washington University website — such as email address, name or phone number — may be used by schools, offices, and departments at the University to provide you with news and information that we believe would be of interest to you. We may also use your Personal Information to contact you with important information, required notices, or other marketing or promotional materials.
At your request, we will update your contact information and your email preferences. Because different communications are managed independently by schools, offices, or departments, opting out from one subscription does not automatically cancel all communications.
Information you provide to us will not be sold to or traded with any commercial institution or business that is external or unrelated to WUSTL. WUSTL will not disclose to any third party any of your Personal Information or any individual’s use of its website or mobile applications unless it is legally required to do so.
We may occasionally send push notifications specifically related to university-related emergencies. We do not send promotional or other, non-emergency push notifications. Standard data and message rates may apply. You may opt-out from receiving these types of communications, at any time, by changing notification settings for the applicable WUSTL application on your device. To ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
Schools and offices within WUSTL may have criteria for sharing information with their individual community or with specific partners. Please check individual sites on which you are providing personal information for the applicable privacy addenda.
Information Gathered Automatically
Like most institutions, WUSTL follows standard Web analytics practices by tracking browsing patterns to inform our understanding of how our sites are used, what information is most important, and how best to serve the needs of our users. We analyze the information gathered so we can better serve both you and future users of WUSTL’s digital communications.
An application may collect certain information automatically including (but not limited to,) the type of mobile device you use, your mobile operating system version, and information about how you use the Application. In addition, when you use any mapping features of an Application, we may use GPS (or similar) technology to determine your current location and display a location map. If you do not want us to use your location, you should turn off location services on your mobile device. However, if you do so, location-based mapping features of the Application may be unavailable for use.
You may stop all collection of information by the Application by uninstalling it. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available on your mobile device, or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
Washington University’s wustl.edu website — as well as a number of other sites associated with the University —use the analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how visitors use our sites.
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer while browsing our website. These files collect certain information about your browsing activity, such as user preferences. WUSTL may use this information to evaluate usage patterns so we can improve both content and distribution. WUSTL does not use cookies to collect Personal Information, and they will not be used to identify people. The cookies used for analytics at Washington University collect data from browsers and generic information based on the user’s IP address, which is the location of a computer or network, along with the information requested and sent by the browser’s operator, to provide meaningful reports about how our sites are used, but not information specific to the individuals who use them.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of all of our websites. Washington University will not associate your IP address and Web usage data with any other information held by the university that can specifically identify you unless we are required to do so by law. For example, we will not seek to match your IP address to your name or physical address; Web usage data will not be specifically linked to individuals by name or other personally identifying data.
Cookies placed by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the university’s websites, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about your website visits by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
External links
Some Washington University websites and mobile applications contain links to external websites not owned by or affiliated with Washington University. The university provides links to third-party websites solely for the convenience of the user. Washington University does not endorse the information, content, products or services provided on any third-party sites linked to university websites. The university is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information that we collect or maintain. However, please remember that that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is entirely secure. Although we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. No security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 15, 2018, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change this Privacy Policy at any time. Therefore, you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Application after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either via the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website or on the App Store.
Contact information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, you can contact:
Karen Daubert
One Brookings Drive, St. Louis, MO 63130
Danforth Campus: 314-935-5000
Medical Campus: 314-362-5000
