Copyright ©2018 Riverfront Times, Inc. all rights reserved. Riverfront Times is a wholly owned subsidiary of Euclid Media Group LLC. Reproduction in whole or in part without written permission of the publisher is prohibited. Publisher does not assume any liability for unsolicited manuscripts, materials, or other content. Any submission include a stamped, self-addressed envelope. All editorial, advertising and business correspondence should be mailed to 308 N. 21st Street, Suite 300, St. Louis, MO 63103.
Privacy Policy | Effective date: May 25, 2018
Euclid Media Group, LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.riverfronttimes.com website (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions
Definitions
Personal Data: Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data: Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies: Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.
Data Controller: Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.
Data Processor (or Service Providers): Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject: Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.
User: The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data
Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.
Information Collection And Use  
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address
Phone number
Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data with your consent to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you, or to notify you of policy updates or information regarding any sweepstakes you enter through our website. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us .
Usage Data  
We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data") if you give us permission to do so. This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
You can enable or disable usage when you use our Service at any time, through your browser’s cookie settings.
Location Data  
We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.
You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.
Tracking & Cookies Data  
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data  
Euclid Media Group, LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:
To provide and maintain our Service
To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
To provide customer support
To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
To monitor the usage of our Service
To detect, prevent and address technical issues
To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
Retention of Data  
Euclid Media Group, LLC will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Euclid Media Group, LLC will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data  
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Euclid Media Group, LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. Euclid Media Group, LLC utilizes standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commission’s adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, and obtain your consent for these data transfers.
Disclosure of Data  
Business Transaction  
If Euclid Media Group, LLC is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement  
Under certain circumstances, Euclid Media Group, LLC may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements  
Euclid Media Group, LLC may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Euclid Media Group, LLC
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data  
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security, and appropriate technical and organizational measures ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk. We take the privacy of Personal Information seriously, and will continue to implement appropriate safeguards to protect this Personal Information from misuse or unauthorized disclosure.
"Do Not Track" Signals  
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Rights  
Euclid Media Group, LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section or by following links within email communications. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us at policy@riverfronttimes.com .
In certain circumstances, you have the right:
To be informed about what data is collected
To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you
To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate
To restrict collection or processing of Personal Data within Euclid Media Group systems or within Service Providers
To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you
You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to Euclid Media Group, LLC. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
Similarly, if Personal Data is collected or processed on the basis of consent, the data subject can withdraw their consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
Service Providers  
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics  
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on . The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Quantcast Measure
Quantcast Measure is a web analytics service offered by Quantcast that tracks and reports website traffic and non-personally identifiable demographic information. Quantcast uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Quantcast services.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Quantcast Measure by opting out at https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/ .
For more information on the privacy practices of Quantcast, please visit their Privacy web page: https://www.quantcast.com/privacy/  
Advertising  
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help
support and maintain our Service.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Residents of the EEA are automatically opted out of personalized advertising per Euclid Media Group’s settings within Google AdSense and DoubleClick.
Behavioral Remarketing  
Euclid Media Group, LLC uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google AdWords
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Other Interest-Based Advertising and Remarketing
Euclid Media Group works with other third party advertisers and display partners to serve advertising based on non-personally identifiable information. You can opt-out of all providers at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or optout.networkadvertising.org , or opt-out of single providers at the links below.
4w Marketplace
Social Media Platforms & Widgets
We include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and Facebook commenting. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you are visiting on our Website, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly.
Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Contesting, Sweepstakes, & Surveys
We offer optional contests (“Giveaways” or “Free Stuff”) on our websites utilizing your account information. We also utilize Second Street, a Service Provider, to administer other contests and surveys.
Your participation in these contests is completely voluntary, and we use the information you provide to administer our contests. We may also, unless prohibited by the Promotion’s rules or law, use the information provided to communicate with you, or other people you select, about our Services.
We may share this information with our affiliates and other organizations or service providers in line with this privacy policy and the rules posted for our Promotions. For general contesting rules and restrictions, please read more here. (link to contest rules page)
Links To Other Sites  
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children's Privacy  
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy  
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Contact Us  
 
Euclid Media Group, LLC ("us", "we", or "our") uses cookies on the https://www.riverfronttimes.com website (the "Service"). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how we use cookies, how third- parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
How Euclid Media Group, LLC uses cookies  
When you use and access the Service, we may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
To enable certain functions of the Service
To provide analytics
To enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising
We use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and we use different types of cookies to run the Service:
Essential cookies. We may use essential cookies to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts.
Preferences cookies. We may use preferences cookies to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as the "remember me" functionality of a registered user or a user's language preference.
Analytics cookies. We may use analytics cookies to track information how the Service is used so that we can make improvements. We may also use analytics cookies to test new advertisements, pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how our users react to them.
Advertising cookies. These type of cookies are used to deliver advertisements on and through the Service and track the performance of these advertisements. These cookies may also be used to enable third-party advertising networks to deliver ads that may be relevant to you based upon your activities or interests.
Third-party cookies  
In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on.
What are your choices regarding cookies  
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Please note, furthermore, that contradictions against the creation of usage profiles partly work through a so-called "opt-out cookie". If you delete all cookies, a contradiction may therefore no longer be taken into account and must be collected again by you.
For the Chrome web browser, please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser, please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser, please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser, please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
For any other web browser, please visit your web browser's official web pages.
Where can you find more information about cookies  
You can learn more about cookies and opt-out of advertising at the following third-party websites:
Please read these Terms and Conditions ("Terms", "Terms and Conditions") carefully before using the https://www.riverfronttimes.com website (the "Service") operated by Euclid Media Group, LLC ("us", "we", or "our").
Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned upon your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who wish to access or use the Service.
By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you do not have permission to access the Service.
Communications  
By creating an Account, signing up for a contest, purchasing a ticket, or subscribing to a newsletter on our service, you agree to subscribe to newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information we may send. However, you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Content  
Our Service allows you to submit, post, link, store, share and otherwise make available certain information, text, graphics, videos, or other material ("Content"). You are responsible for the Content that you post on or through the Service, including its legality, reliability, and appropriateness.
By posting Content on or through the Service, You represent and warrant that: (i) the Content is yours (you own it) and/or you have the right to use it and the right to grant us the rights and license as provided in these Terms, and (ii) that the posting of your Content on or through the Service does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person or entity. We reserve the right to terminate the account of anyone found to be infringing on a copyright.
You retain any and all of your rights to any Content you submit, post or display on or through the Service and you are responsible for protecting those rights. We take no responsibility and assume no liability for Content you or any third party posts on or through the Service. However, by posting Content using the Service you grant us the right and license to use, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, reproduce, and distribute such Content on and through the Service. You agree that this license includes the right for us to make your Content available to other users of the Service, who may also use your Content subject to these Terms.
Euclid Media Group, LLC has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit all Content provided by users. While the administrators and moderators of this user generated content or postings will attempt to remove any generally objectionable material as quickly as possible, it is impossible to review every message. Therefore you acknowledge that all posts made to these forums, opinions posted and user generated content express the views and opinions of the author and not the administrators, moderators, riverfronttimes.com or its affiliates and parent company or companies or webmaster and hence will not be held liable.
You agree not to post, email, or otherwise make available Content:      *that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, pornographic, libelous, or invasive of another's privacy, or harms minors in any way;
that harasses, degrades, intimidates or is hateful toward an individual or group of individuals on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation, race, ethnicity, age, or disability;
that purports to be from any person or entity, including but not limited to a Provider employee, or falsely states or otherwise misrepresents your affiliation with a person or entity;
that includes personal or identifying information about another person without that person's explicit consent;
that is false, deceptive, misleading, deceitful, mis-informative, or constitutes "bait and switch";     that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights of any party, or Content that you do not have a right to make available under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships.
that advertises any illegal services or the sale of any items the sale of which is prohibited or restricted by applicable law, including without limitation items the sale of which is prohibited or regulated by law
that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment;
that disrupts the normal flow of dialogue with an excessive number of messages (flooding attack) to the Service, or that otherwise negatively affects other users' ability to use the Service;
or
that employs misleading email addresses, or forged headers or otherwise manipulated identifiers in order to disguise the origin of Content transmitted through the Service.
Additionally, you agree not to:      *contact anyone who has asked not to be contacted;
"stalk" or otherwise harass anyone;
collect personal data about other users for commercial or unlawful purposes; use automated means, including scripts, spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining tools, or the like to download data from or upload data to the Service;
post irrelevant Content, repeatedly post the same or similar Content or otherwise impose an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on our infrastructure;
attempt to gain unauthorized access to Provider’s computer systems or any other user's computer systems, or engage in any activity that disrupts, diminishes the quality of, interferes with the performance of, or impairs the functionality of, the Service.
Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned (and your service provider being informed). You agree that the webmaster, administrator and moderators of this forum have the right to remove, move or close any topic at any time should they see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered above being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent the webmaster, administrator and moderators cannot be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
In addition, Content found on or through this Service are the property of Euclid Media Group, LLC or used with permission. You may not distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, download, repost, copy, or use said Content, whether in whole or in part, for commercial purposes or for personal gain, without express advance written permission from us.
Ad hominem attacks on other posters and posts that degrade the level of discourse will be removed. Repeat violators of this policy will be banned from posting in the future.
Accounts  
Riverfront Times does not require registration to access or view any free content and services within the site.
When you create an account with us, you guarantee that you are above the age of 18, and that the information you provide us is accurate, complete, and current at all times. Inaccurate, incomplete, or obsolete information may result in the immediate termination of your account on the Service.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, including but not limited to the restriction of access to your computer and/or account. You agree to accept responsibility for any and all activities or actions that occur under your account and/or password, whether your password is with our Service or a third-party service. You must notify us immediately upon becoming aware of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trademark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you, without appropriate authorization. You may not use as a username any name that is offensive, vulgar or obscene.
Copyright Policy  
We respect the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond to any claim that Content posted on the Service infringes on the copyright or other intellectual property rights ("Infringement") of any person or entity.
If you are a copyright owner, or authorized on behalf of one, and you believe that the copyrighted work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please submit your claim via email to policy@riverfronttimes.com , with the subject line: "Copyright Infringement" and include in your claim a detailed description of the alleged Infringement as detailed below, under "DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims"
You may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys' fees) for misrepresentation or bad-faith claims on the infringement of any Content found on and/or through the Service on your copyright.
DMCA Notice and Procedure for Copyright Infringement Claims  
You may submit a notification pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) by providing our Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C 512(c)(3) for further detail):
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright's interest;
a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed, including the URL (i.e., web page address) of the location where the copyrighted work exists or a copy of the copyrighted work;
identification of the URL or other specific location on the Service where the material that you claim is infringing is located;
your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
You can contact our Copyright Agent via email at policy@riverfronttimes.com
Intellectual Property  
The Service and its original content (excluding Content provided by users), features and functionality are and will remain the exclusive property of Euclid Media Group, LLC and its licensors. The Service is protected by copyright, trademark, and other laws of both the United States and foreign countries. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service without the prior written consent of Euclid Media Group, LLC.
Links To Other Web Sites  
Our Service may contain links to third party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by Euclid Media Group, LLC
Euclid Media Group, LLC has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. We do not warrant the offerings of any of these entities/individuals or their websites.
You acknowledge and agree that Euclid Media Group, LLC shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such third party web sites or services.
We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third party web sites or services that you visit.
Termination  
We may terminate or suspend your account and bar access to the Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, under our sole discretion, for any reason whatsoever and without limitation, including but not limited to a breach of the Terms.
If you wish to terminate your account, you may simply discontinue using the Service.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
Indemnification  
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Euclid Media Group, LLC and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Service, by you or any person using your account and password; b) a breach of these Terms, or c) Content posted on the Service.
Limitation Of Liability  
In no event shall Euclid Media Group, LLC, nor its directors, employees, partners, agents, suppliers, or affiliates, be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential or punitive damages, including without limitation, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from (i) your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Service; (ii) any conduct or content of any third party on the Service; (iii) any content obtained from the Service; and (iv) unauthorized access, use or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed of its essential purpose.
Disclaimer  
Your use of the Service is at your sole risk. The Service is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Service is provided without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement or course of performance.
Euclid Media Group, LLC its subsidiaries, affiliates, and its licensors do not warrant that a) the Service will function uninterrupted, secure or available at any particular time or location; b) any errors or defects will be corrected; c) the Service is free of viruses or other harmful components; or d) the results of using the Service will meet your requirements.
Exclusions  
Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, so the limitations above may not apply to you.
Governing Law  
These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of Ohio, United States, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have had between us regarding the Service.
Changes  
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. Such notice of a change or termination of these Terms may be provided by e-mail or by posting the changes in an appropriate location on the Web site.
By continuing to access or use our Service after any revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you are no longer authorized to use the Service.
Contact Us  
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us at policy@riverfronttimes.com.
Contests/Giveaways Rules and Restrictions  | Last updated: May 25, 2018
Employees of Riverfront Times, Inc., their parent, subsidiary, and affiliated companies, and members of the immediate family or household of anyone so employed are ineligible to participate or win.
No purchase or internet access necessary. To enter, complete a 3x5 card with your name, home address, age, telephone number and e-mail address (if you have one) together with any other information required in the contest description. Submit your entry to Riverfront Times Contests, 308 N. 21st Street, Suite 300, St. Louis, MO 63103. Contest begins and ends as specified in the contest description. All entries must be received by the date required in the contest description. Entry limited as specified in the contest description. Incomplete entries are void. No mechanically reproduced entries permitted. Not responsible for lost, late or misdirected entries, illegible entries or entries containing incorrect information. Not responsible for any problems or technical malfunctions of any telephone, computer or on-line or Internet systems or services. Entries become the property of the Riverfront Times and will not be acknowledged or returned. Prize winners will be selected from a random drawing held on or about the date specified in the contest description from among all eligible entries received.
Prize drawings will be conducted by Riverfront Times Contests, 308 N. 21st Street, Suite 300, St. Louis, MO 63103. The Prizewinners will be notified by mail, email or telephone. Odds of winning depend on number of eligible entries received. Any other expenses, including travel and lodging expenses, relating to the prize package not specified are the sole responsibility of winners. Open to legal U.S. residents who, as of the date specified in the contest description are the age specified in the contest description. All contests are open to legal Michigan residents only (ages 21 and over unless otherwise stated). All contests are void where prohibited.
All federal/state/local taxes are the sole responsibility of Prizewinners. All federal/state/local laws and regulations apply. Potential Prizewinners must execute an Affidavit of Eligibility/Release of Liability/Prize Acceptance Form within 15 days of notification. Noncompliance/return of prize notification as undeliverable will result in disqualification and selection of an alternate winner. By entering, participants agree to release and hold harmless Riverfront Times, Inc., their parent, subsidiary and affiliated entities, directors, officers, employees, attorneys, agents, and representatives from any damage, injury, death, loss, claim, action, demand, or other liability that may arise from their acceptance and/or use of any prize or their participation in this promotion, or from any misuse, or malfunction of any prize awarded.
Winner is not entitled to transfer prize or obtain a substitute prize. Riverfront Times, at its sole discretion, may substitute a prize of equal or greater value. Acceptance of Prize constitutes consent to use winner’s name and likeness for editorial, advertising and publicity purposes without additional compensation, except where prohibited by law. Riverfront Times further reserves the right to cancel, terminate or modify the sweepstakes in the event the sweepstakes is not capable of completion as planned, including infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering or technical failures of any kind. By participating, entrants agree to be bound by these Official Rules and the decision of the judges.
A reader is eligible to win a Riverfront Times prize only once every thirty (30) days. All winners must present valid identification Winners must pick up their prize at Riverfront Times offices between 9am and 5pm Monday through Friday, unless alternate arrangements have been made through the Riverfront Times Promotions Department. Winners will have thirty (30) days to pick up their prize. Failure to pick up their prize will result in forfeiture of said prize. Riverfront Times reserves the right to disqualify any contest participant for failure to comply with the rules. All decisions of Riverfront Times are final. Riverfront Times reserves the right to supplement or change contest rules at any time. Riverfront Times reserves the right to make changes to the rules of any contest. Material changes will be published in the paper or otherwise publicly disseminated.
 
September 12-18, 2018
St. Louis, MO 63103
Username /
