Online Privacy Statement
 
1. Information That We Collect
When you visit our Website, we receive and collect certain information about you. The information that we receive and collect depends in part on what you do when you visit our Website. You may be able to improve your experience on our Website when you tell us who you are – for example, by signing up for e-mail or newsletters, paying for services and products, making inquiries, or requesting further information about a product or service.
Some of the information you may submit is personally identifiable information, but much of it is not. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies a particular person. Examples include your name, phone number, address, and social security number. It is possible to browse our Website without actively submitting any personally identifiable information.
 
Automatically Collected Information
 
Information Collected via Cookies and Other Similar Technology
“Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your computer to distinguish you from other visitors to our Website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect or track information about your activities while using the website. We or our third-party service providers may place cookies or similar files on your hard drive for many of the reasons listed above while visiting our Website. Most people do not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit websites because browsers are typically set to accept cookies. You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can choose not to accept cookies. You can also delete cookies from your computer at any time. If you refuse cookies, the functionality of our Website may be impacted or become non-functional.
In addition to using cookies, we or our third-party service providers may also use similar technologies to track users’ interactions with our Website. Some of these technologies include web beacons (transparent graphical images placed on a website) and flash objects.
 
2. Information You Choose to Submit
 
3. E-Mail Communications
Forms of communication such as e-mail, text messaging, our Website Contact Us, or other forms of electronic communication are inherently insecure. Please refrain from submitting sensitive personal information (such as social security number, or credit card account number) via e-mail or similar method of communication.
 
4. Personal Information on Children
 
5. Third Party Websites
 
6. Additional Uses or Sharing of Your Information
In addition to those methods discussed in this Privacy Statement, we may use and share your information, including personally identifiable information, without limitation, in the following manner:
In response to judicial or other governmental subpoenas, warrants and court orders served on us in accordance with their terms, or as otherwise required by applicable law;
To comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of governmental authorities;
To protect our rights or property, protect our legitimate business interests, to enforce the provisions of our terms or policies, in cases of customer fraud/disputes, and/or to prevent harm to you or others;
To protect or defend us, our subsidiaries, affiliates, or parent company and any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, contractors and partners, in connection with any legal action, claim or dispute;
As disclosed in other applicable policies, terms of use, or other agreements; or
As permitted or required by law or as authorized by you.
7. Online Security
 
8. How to Protect Your Personally Identifiable Information
 
9. Suspicious E-Mail
 
10. Notice to Persons Accessing this Website Outside the United States
 
11. Changes to our Online Privacy Statement
 
12. Questions or Comments
 
PRINTING INSTRUCTIONS
 
This Privacy Statement was last updated on: Jan 1, 2016
