Select vehicle type
Who are we?
BT Fleet Limited is one of UK's leading providers of fleet services. When we refer to "we" or "our", we are referring to BT Fleet Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of BT Group plc). When we refer in this Privacy Policy to "our website" we are referring to the website at  fleetsolutions.bt.com .
BT Fleet Limited is registered in England number 4383521 and its registered address is:
81 Newgate Street,
We can be contacted via the following email address:  info.fleetsolutions@bt.com  
Why do we have a Privacy Policy?
As part of BT Group, we have developed this policy because we want you to feel confident about the privacy and security of your personal information. BT Fleet Limited is registered under the data protection laws in the United Kingdom and takes all reasonable care to prevent any unauthorised access to your personal information.
When we refer to "personal information" in this Privacy Policy, we mean information which identifies you as an individual, or is capable of doing so.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you are visiting our website or using our services, by continuing to do so, you indicate your agreement to our use of your personal information as set out in this Privacy Policy.
What does this Privacy Policy cover?
This Privacy Policy only applies to our website and services. It does not apply to any other BT or third party services, or to any other BT or third party sites even if we host them or you access them from our website. If you disclose your personal information directly to other companies, your personal information will be dealt with according to their privacy practices.
What personal information do we collect about you, and when do we collect it?
If you register for information or a service from BT Fleet Limited, we may ask you for information such as your name, address, contact telephone numbers, email address, and other (optional) information. We may also ask you for personal information if you enter any competitions or promotions on our website.
We may receive personal information about you from third parties. Except in the cases where we are merely processing such information for them, we rely on third parties to obtain your consent for us to use this information.
What do we use your personal information for?
If you have registered for one of the services available through the website, we may use your personal information to:
Communicate with you about your access to or use of our service
Let you know (by post, telephone or e-mail) about any changes to our services or our website
Contact you to ask whether you would like to join in one of our research groups to help us improve our service to you
Improve our understanding of the type of people we are attracting to our services and how they use our services
Subject to your agreement, provide you information about BT Fleet Limited and/or third party products and services
Manage our network
Prevent and detect criminal activity, fraud and misuse of or damage to our network, and to prosecute those responsible
If you enter one of our competitions or promotions, we use the personal information you provide to manage the competition or promotion you have entered
We may sometimes ask other companies to provide any of the above services on our behalf. If we do this, we share your personal information with them for this purpose. Please see "Do we share your personal information with anyone else?" for more information on this
Cookies
This site uses 'Performance' cookies to collect information about how you use our website e.g. which pages you visit, and if you experience any errors. These cookies don't collect any information that could identify you – all the information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works, understand what interests our users and measure how effective our advertising is.
We use performance cookies to:
Provide statistics on how our website is used
See how effective our adverts are (we don't use this information to target adverts to you when you visit other websites)
Provide feedback to partners that one of our visitors also visited their website. This can include details of any products bought. This lets our partners improve their website, but we don't allow our partners to reuse this information for further advertising
Help us improve the website by measuring any errors that occur
Test different designs of our website
Cookies we have defined as 'Performance' cookies will NOT be used to:
Gather information that could be used to advertise products or services to you on other websites
Remember your preferences or username beyond your current visit
Target adverts to you on any other website
In some cases, some of these cookies are managed for us by third parties, but we don't allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above.
Using our site indicates that you accept the use of 'Performance' cookies. Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you prevent them we cannot guarantee how our site will perform for you.
Do we share your personal information with anyone else?
Sometimes we use other companies to provide some of our services or to provide services to us, so we may share your personal information with these other companies. However, these companies can only process this information according to the instructions we give them, may only do things with your personal information that we are entitled to do, and may only act on our behalf. In addition, they are required to meet the requirements of the Data Protection Act to keep the information secure.
We may also share your personal information with other parts of BT or other companies so that they (or we, on their behalf) can contact you with details of other products or services you may be interested in. We will only do this if you have agreed to this.
If you agree to receive information about other companies products and services, we will only share your personal information with those companies if they agree to use your personal information for that purpose only.
If you have registered for any information or services available through the website you may choose to cancel that registration at any time, and therefore have the information held, deleted. You can do this by sending an email to us via our  Feedback form .
Please ensure you inform us of the service which you wish to cancel. If you do this your personal details will be deleted from our database.
However, if you had previously agreed to receive information about products and services from other companies, you will need to contact those companies yourself.
We will also disclose your personal information when required to do so by law, for example under a Court Order or in response to properly made demands under powers contained in Legislation.
If there is a change (or prospective change) in the ownership of BT Fleet Limited or any of its assets, we may have to disclose personal information to the new (or prospective) owner.
For how long does BT Fleet Limited keep personal information?
The time period for which we keep information varies according to what the information is used for. In some cases, there are legal requirements to keep data for a minimum period. Unless there is a specific legal requirement for us to keep the information, we will retain it for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.
Can I find out what personal information BT Fleet Limited holds about me?
If you want to know what personal information BT Fleet Limited holds about you, please write to the following address, enclosing a cheque for the administration fee of £10 made payable to BT Fleet Limited:
Data Subject Access Manager
B37 7YN
If you want specific information, please tell us, because this will speed up our reply, and give us any relevant information to enable us to locate information about you. Please also note that in some instances, we may be able to provide the information you want without you having to make a formal request as described above.
Can I find out what personal information BT Fleet Limited holds about me?
If the information we hold about you is inaccurate, please let us know and we will make the necessary amendments and confirm that these have been made.
How can I manage BT Fleet Limited’s contact with me for marketing purposes?
If you would like to stop unsolicited telemarketing calls from BT Fleet Limited and other companies, please contact the telephone Preference Service on 0845 0700707 and register your telephone number(s). Direct marketing calls should stop after 28 days.
If you would like to stop unsolicited direct marketing mailers from BT and other companies, please contact the Mail Preference Service on 0345 034599 and ask for a registration pack. Direct marketing mailers should stop after 3 months. (Remember to re-register if you change your address).
How do we protect your personal information?
We are serious about guarding the security of your personal information and the details of any transactions made. We take appropriate organisational and technical security measures to protect your data against unauthorised disclosure or processing. We use a secure server to store the information you give us when you register or order (including your credit card details and your password). Any personal data you send us is securely encrypted.
Over and above what BT Fleet Limited does to safeguard your privacy and security, there are a number of things you can do to protect yourself from internet fraud:
Choose a password you can remember but others will not guess, change it regularly and, if you do write it down, keep it somewhere safe and secure
When you have finished your session on our website, make sure you prevent your details being seen by anyone that you do not wish to see them. So, if you have registered and logged in, remember to log off. Clear any cache so there is no record of any transactions left on screen. We also recommend you then close your browser so any history of the session is cleared
Are third party sites covered by this policy?
Third party internet sites that you can link to from this website are not covered by our Privacy Policy, so we urge you to be careful when you enter any personal information online. BT Fleet Limited accepts no responsibility or liability for these sites.
How do you find out about changes to our Privacy Policy?
We may change our privacy policy from time to time. If you are a registered customer, we will notify you of the changed policy.
Fleet Solutions
© BT 2018
The cookie settings on this website are set to 'allow all cookies' to give you the very best experience. If you continue without changing these settings, you consent to this - but if you want, you can change your settings at any time by clicking on ‘Change cookie settings’.
