Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Schneider is committed to protecting your privacy rights. We will not collect personal information about you when you visit our website unless you choose to provide that information to us.
Our Internet policy is:
We will not collect personal information about you just because you visit this site. In order to improve the usefulness of our web site for our visitors, we automatically collect and maintain statistical information from our site's data logs that concern network traffic flow and volume. This information consists of:
the name of the domain from which the visitor accesses the Internet (e.g., "a company.com"; "a school.edu"; or "an agency.gov");
the Internet Protocol Number;
the date and time the Schneider web site is visited;
the type of browser and operating system used to access our site;
the pages you visit; and
if you linked to the Schneider's recruitment Web site from another website, the address of that web site.
When you visit schneider.com, we send one or more cookies - a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends, such as what area of the site visitors most visit. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or to let you know when a cookie is being sent. However, some schneider.com features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
We use these web pages to provide information pertaining to the Schneider and its recruitment efforts. These web pages may also offer you the opportunity to ask questions, request more information regarding Schneider's employment opportunities, or provide comment. Use of this option is voluntary and may require an email address. We will only use information from submitted forms, email messages, and any other information you provide, for the reasons you provided it. Submissions requesting more information about Schneider's employment opportunities will be forwarded to the Schneider's recruiting team and to the appropriate recruiter(s).
We will not share the information you give us with anyone unless required by law. We also will not sell your information.
If you no longer wish to receive email alerts from Schneider, call 800-558-6767.
It is up to you if you want to assume the risk of an unauthorized person learning your email address or any personal information you provide.
I'd like to know about future posts to the Knowledge Hub.
 
