The highly-anticipated Career Pathfinder is here! Elevated career exploration begins today!
The Department of Human Resources is pleased to announce the launch of the...
Search for a Job
4 Terrific Tips
for Effective Interviews
Get the latest County and HR news
Name*
Email*
Please type the code in the box above
We will not share your information and we will keep your personal data secure
Privacy Policy
The Board of Supervisors of Los Angeles County recognizes the public’s concern about privacy on the Internet. This privacy statement establishes how information gathered about you from your visit to our website will be used by this website’s operators. As a visitor, however, you should be aware that much information submitted to Los Angeles County is public information under the laws of the State of California. Under some circumstances, we may be required to disclose such information in accordance with the California Public Records Act or other legal requirements.
The following describes how information may be collected depending on your activities at this website:
If you read or download information:
We may collect and store information for statistical purposes. For example, we may count the number of visitors to the different sections of our site to help us make them more useful. The information collected may include such items as the name and domain of the host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using or your browser software and operating system. This information does not identify you personally.
If you send E-mail to this website:
By sending us an electronic mail message, you may be sending us personal information (i.e., your name, address, e-mail address, etc.). We may store the name and address of the requester in order to respond to the request or otherwise resolve the subject matter of your e-mail.
If you register with a County Department or agency or request other specific information:
Some County department or agency websites may ask visitors who request specific information to fill out a registration form. For example, vendors requesting access to Requests for Bids, Requests for Proposals or homeowners or businesses requesting Permits, may be asked to provide their names, addresses, e-mail addresses and other pertinent information to ensure we can process and deliver the information requested. Other information may be collected at these sites through questionnaires, feedback forms, or other means, to enable us to determine a visitor’s interests, with the goal of providing better service.
Links to Non-Los Angeles County (Third Party) Websites
Our website also contains links to information located on websites maintained by other public agencies and private organizations. Once you access an individual document that links you to another website, you are subject to the privacy policy of the website containing that document.
DO YOU NEED HELP?
USE A FILTER TO FIND INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY JOBS
The quickest way to find available jobs in Information Technology in the County is to create a FILTER in the online Job Search system.
To begin, click the button below to visit the Job Search system.
Once you are in the Job Search system, you will see a FILTER button on the right side of the SEARCH bar in the middle of the page.
Click on JOB CATEGORY. A fly-out menu will appear.
Scroll down the list and click on IT and Computers and/or any of the other technology related job categories available.
NOTE:
You can select multiple options WITHIN a Filter category. You may also select multiple filters. For example you can select IT and Computers in Health Services and Fire with a salary of 60,000+.
To clear filters, click RESET ALL.
