None
AAA/CAA
EDITION Hotels
View and Manage Reservations
Find specific reservations, including those made by phone or when not signed in.
Required FieldFirst name
Required FieldLast name
Required FieldConfirmation number
Required FieldCheck-in date
Sign In to view your current reservations.
Email or Rewards #
Email or Rewards #
, which includes Marriott International, Inc., Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, LLC (formerly known as Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.) and their affiliates, values you as our guest and recognizes that privacy is important to you. We want you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose data. 
This Privacy Statement describes the privacy practices of the Marriott Group for data that we collect:
 through websites operated by us from which you are accessing this Privacy Statement, including Marriott.com and other websites owned or controlled by the Marriott Group (collectively, the “Websites”)
 through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers and mobile devices (the “Apps”)
 through our social media pages that we control from which you are accessing this Privacy Statement (collectively, our “Social Media Pages”)
 through HTML-formatted email messages that we send you that link to this Privacy Statement and through your communications with us
 when you visit or stay as a guest at one of our properties, or through other offline interactions
Collectively, we refer to the Websites, the Apps and our Social Media Pages, as the “Online Services” and, together with offline channels, the “Services.”  By using the Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement.
Privacy Preferences
At Marriott, we respect your privacy and want to provide you with the options, information, and choices below to express your preferences: what and how much you share with us and when and how you hear from us.
Drawers
page.
Marriott International, Inc.
Global Compliance, Privacy
10400 Fernwood Road
Bethesda, MD 20817
United States of America
We look forward to providing you with experiences that exceed your expectations both online and at our hotels.  For your protection, you may be asked to verify your identity before we respond to your request.
At touchpoints throughout your guest journey, we collect Personal Data in accordance with law, such as:
 Name
 Gender
 Financial information in limited circumstances
 Language preference
 Nationality, passport, visa or other government-issued identification data
 Important dates, such as birthdays, anniversaries and special occasions
 Membership or loyalty program data (including co-branded payment cards, travel partner program affiliations)
 Employer details
 Travel itinerary, tour group or activity data
 Prior guest stays or interactions, goods and services purchased, special service and amenity requests
 Geolocation information
 Social media account ID, profile photo and other data publicly available, or data made available by linking your social media and loyalty accounts
In more limited circumstances, we also may collect:
 Data about family members and companions, such as names and ages of children
 Biometric data, such as digital images
 Images and video and audio data via: (a) security cameras located in public areas, such as hallways and lobbies, in our properties; and (b) body-worn cameras carried by our loss prevention officers and other security personnel
 Guest preferences and personalized data (“Personal Preferences”), such as your interests, activities, hobbies, food and beverage choices, services and amenities of which you advise us or which we learn about during your visit
If you submit any Personal Data about other people to us or our Service Providers (e.g., if you make a reservation for another individual), you represent that you have the authority to do so and you permit us to use the data in accordance with this Privacy Statement.
We collect Personal Data in a variety of ways:
Online Services. We collect Personal Data when you make a reservation, purchase goods and services from our Websites or Apps, communicate with us, or otherwise connect with us or post to social media pages, or sign up for a newsletter or participate in a survey, contest or promotional offer. 
Property Visits and Offline Interactions. We collect Personal Data when you visit our properties or use on-property services and outlets, such as restaurants, concierge services, health clubs, child care services, and spas. We also collect Personal Data when you attend promotional events that we host or in which we participate, or when you provide your Personal Data to facilitate an event.
Customer Care Centers. We collect Personal Data when you make a reservation over the phone, communicate with us by email, fax or via online chat services or contact customer service. These communications may be recorded for purposes of quality assurance and training.
Owners and Franchisees. We collect Personal Data from Owners of Marriott Group branded properties that we manage. We also collect Personal Data from Franchisees of Marriott Group branded properties that are independently owned and operated under a franchise agreement with us. Owners and Franchisees are independent from the Marriott Group.
Authorized Licensees. We collect Personal Data from companies when we enter into a license or similar agreement to sell goods and services under a Marriott Group brand (“Authorized Licensees”). Examples of Authorized Licensees include our time share partners, Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation and Vistana Signature Experiences, Inc. Examples of other Authorized Licensees include Cruise Yacht Optco Ltd. d/b/a The Ritz-Carlton Yacht Collection, developers of Marriott Group branded real estate and co-branded credit card partners.  Authorized Licensees are independent from the Marriott Group.
Strategic Business Partners. We collect Personal Data from companies with whom we partner to provide you with goods, services or offers based upon your experiences at our properties or that we believe will be of interest to you (“Strategic Business Partners”). Examples of Strategic Business Partners include on-property outlets, travel and tour partners, time share partners, rental car providers and travel booking platforms. Strategic Business Partners are independent from the Marriott Group.
Other Sources. We collect Personal Data from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners and other third parties.
Internet-Connected Devices. We collect Personal Data from internet-connected devices available in our properties. For example, a smart home assistant may be available for your use and to tailor your accommodations and experience.
Physical & Mobile Location-Based Services. We collect Personal Data if you download one of our Apps or choose to participate in certain programs. For example, we may collect the precise physical location of your device by using satellite, cell phone tower, WiFi signals, or other technologies. We will collect this data if you opt in through the App or other program (either during your initial login or later) to receive the special offers and to enable location-driven capabilities on your mobile device. If you have opted-in, the App or other program will continue to collect location data when you are in or near a participating property until you log off or close application (i.e., the App or other program will collect this data if it is running in the background) or if you use your phone’s or other device’s setting to disable location capabilities for the Marriott Group App or other program.
 Browser and device data
 Demographic data and other data provided by you
 Aggregated data
We collect Other Data in a variety of ways: 
Your browser or device. We collect certain data through your browser or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the Online Services (such as the Apps) you are using. We use this data to ensure that the Online Services function properly. 
Your use of the Apps. We collect certain data when you download and use an App, such as App usage data, the date and time the App on your device accesses our servers and what data and files have been downloaded to the App based on your device number.
Cookies. We collect certain data from cookies, which are pieces of data stored directly on the computer or mobile device that you are using. Cookies allow us to collect data such as browser type, time spent on the Online Services, pages visited, referring URL, language preferences, and other aggregated traffic data.  We use the data for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display data more effectively, to collect statistical data, to personalize your experience while using the Online Services and to recognize your computer to assist your use of the Online Services.  We also gather statistical data about use of the Online Services to continually improve design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions.
Cookies further allow us to select which advertisements or offers are most likely to appeal to you and display them while you are using the Online Services or to send marketing emails. We also use cookies to track responses to online advertisements and marketing emails.
 .
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser or by managing your tracking preferences by clicking on “Tracking Preferences” located at the bottom of our home page. If, however, you do not accept cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the Online Services.  For example, we will not be able to recognize your computer, and you will need to log in every time you visit. You also will not receive advertising or other offers from us that are relevant to your interests and needs.  At this time, we do not respond to browser “Do-Not-Track” signals.
Pixel Tags and other similar technologies. We collect data from pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs), which are used with some Online Services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the Online Services (including email recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Online Services. 
Analytics. We collect data through Google Analytics and Adobe Analytics, which use cookies and technologies to collect and analyze data about use of the Services. These services collect data regarding the use of other websites, apps and online resources. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to www.google.com/policies/privacy/‌partners/
 and opt out by downloading the Google Analytics opt out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout  
 .
Adobe Flash technology (such as Flash Local Shared Objects (“Flash LSOs”)) and other similar technologies. We collect data through Flash LSOs and other technologies on some Websites to, among other things, collect and store data about your use of the Online Services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel
 .
Your IP Address. We collect your IP address, a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  An IP address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files when a user accesses the Online Services, along with the time of the visit and the pages that were visited. We use IP addresses to calculate usage levels, diagnose server problems and administer the Online Services. We also may derive your approximate location from your IP address.
Aggregated Data. We may aggregate data that we collected and this aggregated data will not personally identify you or any other user.
We use Personal Data and Other Data to provide you with Services, to develop new offerings and to protect the Marriott Group and our guests as detailed below. In some instances, we will request that you provide Personal Data or Other Data to us directly. If you do not provide the data that we request, or prohibit us from collecting such data, we may not be able to provide the requested Services.
We use Personal Data and Other Data for our legitimate business interests, including the following:
 Provide the Services you request. We use Personal Data and Other Data to provide Services you request, including:
 To facilitate reservations, payment, send administrative information, confirmations or pre-arrival messages, to assist you with meetings and events and to provide you with other information about the area and the property at which you are scheduled to visit
 To complete your reservation and stay, for example, to process your payment, ensure that your room is available and provide you with related customer service
 To support our electronic receipt program. When you provide an email address in making a reservation, we use that email address to send you a copy of your bill. If you make a reservation for another person using your email address, that person's bill will be emailed to you, as well. You can opt out of receiving your bill via email and instead receive a paper copy by contacting the front desk
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to manage our contractual relationship with you, because we have a legitimate interest to do so and/or to comply with a legal obligation.
 Personalize the Services according to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to personalize the Services and improve your experiences, including when you contact our call center, visit one of our properties or use the Online Services, to:
Customize your experience according to your Personal Preferences
Present offers tailored to your Personal Preferences
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to provide personalized Services according to your Personal Preferences either with your consent or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Communicate with you about goods and services according to your Personal Preferences. We use Personal Data and Other Data to:
Send you marketing communications and promotional offers, as well as periodic customer satisfaction, market research or quality assurance surveys
We will use Personal Data and Other Data to communicate with you with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Loyalty Programs. We use Personal Data and Other Data to:
 Offer and manage your participation in our global loyalty programs, as well as others that are specific to certain properties or tailored to your interests
 Send you offers, promotions and information about your account status and activities
 Assess your benefits
 Administer points earned through co-branded credit cards
 Manage your choices regarding how you wish to earn, track and use your points
We will use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Sweepstakes, activities, events and promotions. We use Personal Data and Other Data to allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests and other promotions and to administer these activities.  Some of these activities have additional rules and may contain additional information about how we use and disclose your Personal Data. We suggest that you read any such rules carefully.
We use Personal Data and Other Data in this way with your consent, to manage our contractual relationship with you and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
 Business Purposes. We use Personal Data and Other Data for data analysis, audits, security and fraud monitoring and prevention (including with the use of closed circuit television, card keys, and other security systems), developing new goods and services, enhancing, improving or modifying our Services, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
We use Personal Data and Other Data in this way to manage our contractual relationship with you, comply with a legal obligation and/or because we have a legitimate interest to do so.
Our goal is to provide you with the highest level of hospitality and Services, and to do so, we share Personal Data and Other Data with the following:
Marriott Group. We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to other companies within the Marriott Group  
 for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, such as providing and personalizing the Services, communicating with you, facilitating the loyalty programs, and to accomplish our business purposes. Marriott International, Inc. is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used Personal Data. We share your Personal Data and Other Data used for making a reservation with the applicable property to fulfill and complete your reservation.
Owners and Franchisees. We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to Owners and Franchisees of Marriott Group branded properties for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, such as providing and personalizing the Services and facilitating the loyalty programs.  
Authorized Licensees. We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to our Authorized Licensees for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, such as providing and personalizing the Services and fulfilling your requests. For example, this sharing enables you to purchase Marriott branded goods and services, including time share properties.
Strategic Business Partners. We disclose Personal Data and Other Data with select Strategic Business Partners who provide goods, services and offers that enhance your experience at our properties or that we believe will be of interest to you. By sharing data with these Strategic Business Partners, we are able to make personalized services and unique travel experiences available to you. For example, this sharing enables spa, restaurant, health club, concierge and other outlets at our properties to provide you with services. This sharing also enables us to provide you with a single source for purchasing packages that include travel-related services, such as airline tickets, rental cars and vacation packages.
Service Providers. We disclose Personal Data and Other Data to third-party service providers for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Examples of service providers include companies that provide website hosting, data analysis, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, marketing, auditing and other services. 
Linked Accounts and Promotional Activity. We partner with certain third parties that allow you to enroll in their services or participate in their promotions. For example, certain companies allow you to use your loyalty program number or Online Services login to receive or register for their services. These companies include airlines and rental car providers, as well as sponsors of sweepstakes and contests.  Additionally, your social media account provider allows you to connect your social media account to your Online Services account or log into your Online Services account from your social media account. When you enroll in those services, we disclose your Personal Data and Other Data to those third parties. If you do not want us to share your Personal Data or Other Data in this way, do not provide your loyalty program number to third parties, do not use your Online Services login to register for third-party promotions and do not connect your Online Services account with accounts on third-party services. Data shared in this way will be governed by the third party’s privacy policy and not this Privacy Statement. 
eFolio Program. If you are an employee of a company that participates in the Marriott Group eFolio Program and book your room using a company corporate code or pay for your expenses using a corporate credit card, an extract of your folio detailing the goods and services provided to you may be sent to your company and to the credit card company. This Privacy Statement does not apply to the handling of your Personal Data by your employer, and any credit card company or bank, and we are not responsible for their practices.
Corporate Reorganization. We may disclose or transfer your Personal Data and Other Data to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the Marriott Group business, assets or stock (including any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
 
We may use and disclose Other Data for any purpose, except where we are not allowed to under applicable law. In some instances, we may combine Other Data with Personal Data (such as combining your name with your location). If we do, we will treat the combined data as Personal Data as long as it is combined.
This Privacy Statement does not address, and we are not responsible for the privacy, data or other practices of any entities outside of the Marriott Group, including Franchisees, Owners, Authorized Licensees, Strategic Business Partners or any third party operating any site or service to which the Services link, payment service, loyalty program, or website that is the landing page of the high-speed Internet providers at our properties. The inclusion of a link on the Online Services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, any third party’s collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
In addition, we are not responsible for the data collection, use, disclosure or security policies or practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Apple, Google, Microsoft, RIM or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider or device manufacturer, including with respect to any Personal Data you disclose to other organizations through or the Apps or our Social Media Pages.
 .
Drawers
You have choices when it comes to how we use your data and we want to ensure you have the information to make the choices that are right for you.
If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails, you may opt out by visiting our unsubscribe page at https://www.marriott.com/profile/email/
unsubscribeChallenge.mi or by following the instructions in any such email you receive from us.
In addition, members of our loyalty programs can opt out from marketing-related emails through their program account, or by sending a letter to: Internet Customer Care – Unsubscribe, 1818 North 90 Street, Omaha, Nebraska 68114-1315 USA.
We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. If you opt out of receiving marketing emails from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, from which you cannot opt out.
Special Notice for California Residents: Customers who reside in California and have provided their Personal Data to us can request, once per calendar year, information about our sharing of certain categories of Personal Data to third parties and within the Marriott Group, for their direct marketing purposes.  Such requests should be submitted to us at privacy@marriott.com or:
Marriott International, Inc.
Global Compliance, Privacy
10400 Fernwood Road
Bethesda, MD 20817
 
We will provide a list of the categories of Personal Data disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted to addresses other than the addresses specified in this paragraph.
Marriott International, Inc.
Global Compliance, Privacy
10400 Fernwood Road
Bethesda, MD 20817
United States of America
In your request, please make clear what Personal Data you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Data suppressed from our database, or other limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Data. For your protection, we only fulfill requests for the Personal Data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. 
Please note that we often need to retain certain data for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting a change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase or reservation, or enter a promotion, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Data provided until after the completion of such purchase, reservation, or promotion).  There may also be residual data that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.  In addition, there may be certain data that we may not allow you to review for legal, security or other reasons.
The criteria used to determine our retention periods include: 
 The length of time we have an ongoing relationship with you and provide the Services to you (for example, for as long as you have an account with us or keep using the Services)
 Whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject (for example, certain laws require us to keep records of your transactions for a certain period of time before we can delete them)
 Whether retention is advisable considering our legal position (such as, for statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations)
In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries will be entitled to access your Personal Data.
 .
 . Our certifications can be found at: www.privacyshield.gov/list  
 . For more information about the Privacy Shield principles, please visit: www.privacyshield.gov  
 . Our Privacy Shield Guest Privacy Policy can be found here .
Marriott International, Inc.
Global Compliance, Privacy
10400 Fernwood Road
Bethesda, MD 20817
United States of America
For additional information about our complaints management practices and contacts, please refer to our Privacy Shield Guest Privacy Policy . Because your email communications to us may not always be secure, please do not include credit card or Sensitive Data in your emails to us.
 Contact our data protection officer responsible for your country or region via MarriottDPO@marriott.com . In your email, please indicate the country from which you are contacting us
 .
