We provide consulting, training and certification to help companies boost performance and improve the customer experience.
See how a telecom provider improved customer satisfaction and issue resolution, and reduced incoming call volume.
Groupon Saves Millions
Learn how Groupon saved millions in costs, reduced risk, and provided a consistent customer experience by working with COPC Inc.
CX Standard 6.0, CSP Version
The COPC CX Standard is a performance management system for customer experience operations. Download the Standard today.
We provide consulting, training and certification to help companies boost performance and improve the customer experience.
See how a telecom provider improved customer satisfaction and issue resolution, and reduced incoming call volume.
Groupon Saves Millions
Learn how Groupon saved millions in costs, reduced risk, and provided a consistent customer experience by working with COPC Inc.
CX Standard 6.0, CSP Version
The COPC CX Standard is a performance management system for customer experience operations. Download the Standard today.
 
COPC Inc. cares about your privacy. Because of this, we only collect and use personal data needed for us to deliver the world-class services, resources and information that you’ve come to expect. This Privacy Notice provides details of the personal data we collect from you, what we do with it, how you might access it and who it might be shared with.
Our Contact Information (Data Controller)
COPC Inc. and COPC International Inc.
494 Midsummer Boulevard
What information do we collect?
We collect information about you to provide you the best possible experience when you interact with us or utilize our services. The type of information we collect can vary depending on which services you request and how you interact with us. Much of the information we collect is provided by you and may include:
Identification information. Your name, email address, social networks, address/location, phone number(s), employer information.
Financial information (if purchasing training). Bank account and credit card details.
Training information. If you have taken training with us, we store training scores and records.
Performance information. In the course of providing consulting, training and certification services, we may collect personal and business-level performance data.
Other information you may provide. Information you may voluntarily provide to us such as client satisfaction surveys, research surveys, suggestions, or referrals.
In addition to information provided by you, we may receive data from other sources such as trade shows/events or publicly available databases and sources. In these cases, we may combine this data with information we already have about you so that we can update, expand and analyze the accuracy of our records, identify new customers, and provide products and services that may be of interest to you.  If you provide us personal information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.
Additionally, through the use of our website, your browser transmits some data automatically, such as the date and time of retrieval of one of our web pages or documents, your browser type and settings, your operating system, the last web page you visited, the data transmitted and the access status, and your IP address. For more information, refer to our cookie policy .
How do we utilize information?
Our policy is to minimize the data we collect and limit its use to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as is necessary to deliver the services you purchase or interact with, or (3) as might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes. These uses include:
Providing, improving, and developing the services we provide you. We collect various information relating to your purchases or use of/interactions with our services. We utilize the information to:
Improve and optimize the performance of our services (including websites)
Collect and aggregate statistics about the use of our services
Understand and analyze how you use our services
Much of the data collected is aggregated or statistical data about how individuals use our services and is not linked to any personal data. But if it is linked to personal data, we treat it accordingly.
Communicating with you. We may communicate with you about services you have purchased or about services we think would be of interest to you. This includes:
Confirmation of purchases and related information (i.e. payment card processing)
Information we think you would find useful or that you have requested (with required consent or where allowed based on legitimate interest)
Service delivery and customer support based on an existing contractual relationship
If we send you marketing emails, each email will contain instructions permitting you to “opt out” of receiving future marketing or other communications. You will also have the ability to “manage your preferences” and choose what types of emails you would like to receive.
Any information may be used by a member of the COPC group of companies, but we will not pass information outside this group.
Third-party websites.  Our website may contain links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites.  Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
How do we share your data?
To maintain and improve our services, your personal data may need to be shared with or disclosed to service providers or other Controllers.
We may be mandated to disclose your personal data in response to requests from a court, police services or other regulatory bodies. Where feasible, we will consult with you prior to making such disclosure and, in order to protect your privacy, we will ensure that we disclose only the minimum amount of your information necessary for the required purpose. When a Processor or Controller is in a country outside the EU, we apply the necessary safeguards which may include confirming whether the EC approves of transfers to the country or whether we need to use the EC’s model contracts.
How do we secure, store and retain your data?
We follow generally accepted standards to store and protect the personal data we collect, both during transmission and once received and stored.
We limit the amount of personal data collected only to what is fit for the purpose, as described above. We restrict, secure and control all our information assets against unauthorized access, damage, loss or destruction; whether physical or electronic. We retain personal data only as long as required to complete services you have contracted with us, until consent is withdrawn, to respond to your requests, or longer if required by law. If we retain data for historical or statistical purposes, we ensure that the personal data cannot be used further. While in our possession, together with your assistance, we try to maintain the accuracy of your personal data.
 
How can you access, request or delete your data?
You have the right to request access to any of your personal data we may hold. If any of that information is incorrect, you may request that we correct it. If we are improperly using your information, you may request that we stop using it or even delete it completely.
Where you have previously given your consent to process your personal data, you also have the right to request that we port or transfer your personal data to a different service provider or to yourself, if you so wish.
Where it may have been necessary to get your consent to use your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease using your personal data without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal.
 
Our Supervisory Authority
You have the right to lodge a complaint with any Supervisory Authority. See our Supervisory Authority contact details below
Information Commissioner’s Office
Water Lane, Wycliffe House
Wilmslow – Cheshire SK9 5AF
For more information, contact us at   info@copc.com or call 1.407.304.9032
