Arena Operations, LLC Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting philipsarena.com. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices on how your information is collected and used at this site (the "Policy").
Before you submit any information on this site, please read this Policy for an explanation of how we will treat your personal information. By using the Philips Arena official site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use philipsarena.com. Your use of any part of philipsarena.com indicates your acceptance of this Policy and of the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
The Philips Arena site does not knowingly solicit any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. In addition, the Philips Arena site does not knowingly obtain, retain or use information from anyone who indicates that they are under the age of 13. Accordingly, children under the age of 13 may be restricted from participating in certain features and transactions on philipsarena.com.
Table of Contents
• With Whom The Information May Be Shared
• Collection Of Information By Third-Party Sites And Sponsors
• Cookies
1. The Information We Collect
On this site you can order products, enter contests and/or sweepstakes, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.
At this site, you can also submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient's name and address. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number.
We also may collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Windows 98, Windows 2000 or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink).
2. How We Use the Information
We may use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services; to respond to your inquiries about our offerings; and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you.
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes; when we make changes to our subscriber agreements; to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter; when we have information we believe may be of interest to you; or to contact you about your account with us.
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards. From time to time, we also may use this information to offer our products, programs, or services to them.
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services.
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.
We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request.
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. Inadvertent disclosures may result, for example, when third parties misrepresent their identities in asking the site for access to personally identifiable information about themselves for purposes of correcting possible factual errors in the data.
3. With Whom the Information May Be Shared.
Arena Operations, LLC (Philips Arena) and its affiliated companies, such as Atlanta Hawks, L.P. d/b/a Atlanta Hawks, Atlanta Hawks LLC, and Arena Sports Marketing, LLC (collectively, the “Arena Affiliates”) have several sponsors and other business affiliates that can offer valuable products and services to our users. From time to time, Philips Arena may share or provide the Arena Affiliates or other third party entities, such as Philips Arena sponsors, your email and mailing address and other information, as well as non-identifiable aggregated information, so that they may extend offers to you. If you do not want us to continue to share your information with these other entities, you may make such a request by sending us an e-mail at [email protected] or writing to Domain Manager, Arena Operations, LLC, Centennial Tower, 101 Marietta Street, Suite 1900, Atlanta, GA 30303.
Your information also may be provided to an entity that acquires all or any part of any of the Atlanta Spirit companies' assets or in a merger or acquisition. Further, we may disclose information to law enforcement or other government officials and if asked to disclose it by subpoena, court order or other legal process.
While Philips Arena is careful in choosing its sponsors and advertisers, we are only responsible for content on our own sites and for use of your personally identifiable information by us. All third parties associated with Philips Arena companies (including, but not limited to, advertisers, sponsors and other Internet sites) with whom we share information have independent privacy and data collection practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website that you visit. Philips Arena does not control this collection of information and cannot be responsible or liable for the policies or actions of third parties.
4. Collection of Information by Third Party Sites and Sponsors
Our site contains links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. We may sometimes offer contests, sweepstakes, or promotions that are sponsored by or co-sponsored with identified third parties. By virtue of their sponsorship, these third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors/entrants voluntarily submit to participate in the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. We have no control over the third party sponsors' use of this information.
5. Cookies
To enhance your experience with our sites, many of our web pages use "cookies." Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering with us. However, once you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services.
6. Our Commitment to Security
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
7. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about the Arena Operations, LLC online policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us at [email protected]
8. Updates
From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will note the date the Policy was changed at either the top or bottom of the Policy, to keep you informed of when updates occur. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it.
9. Choice of Law
If any disputes arise between us regarding your use of philipsarena.com, such disputes shall be resolved according to the laws of the State of Georgia without giving effect to its choice of law provisions, and jurisdiction shall be in the federal and state courts of Georgia.
LAST UPDATED: October 5, 2004
©2005 Philips Arena/Arena Operations, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Use of this site signifies your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use for Arena Operations, LLC.
State Farm Arena
1 Philips Drive
Enter your starting address here for directions to this location.
Get Directions
