If you're not 100% satisfied with the style, color or quality of your blind, shade or shutter, we'll work with you to make it right. Simply contact us within 30 calendar days after delivery to your home and we'll walk you through returning your blind. We'll send a replacement of equal value at no additional charge. Read the details of our Satisfaction Guarantee here to ensure your order qualifies.
SureFit™ - Guaranteed to Fit
SureFit™ is a Blinds.com exclusive to give you peace of mind about measuring your blinds.
14-Day Price Guarantee
Worried that a product you want may go on sale soon? If you buy a product from us and see it at a lower price within 14 calendar days after your original purchase, just give us a call at 800-505-1905 and we'll refund the difference!
Be sure that the sale item has the same options as your original selection, and that the sale price is live on the site when you contact us to claim the guarantee. If these criteria are met, we'll give you a credit for the difference in price, plus tax.
Warranty
Please view our standard Product Warranty page for more information. If you upgraded to the Life Proof Extended Warranty (not currently available), you can view the policy here.
Safe and Secure Internet Commerce
When you place orders, all of your information is processed through our secure server. We utilize industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology that encrypts all your information before it is sent to us. If you would prefer not to place your order online, simply contact us by phone and a customer service representative will take it for you.
Privacy
We respect your privacy, and know that it is important to you how your information is handled. All personal information you provide us WILL remain absolutely confidential and be used solely to communicate better with you. To see the ways that we use the information you provide us, visit our Privacy Policy for further details.
Payment Options
We accept Visa, Mastercard and American Express online. Cashier's checks, personal checks and money orders must be mailed to our office before your order can be started. All orders paid by check will require a holding period of 5-7 calendar days for your check to clear before the order will be put into production. In some cases, coupon discounts may be offered via coupon codes; note that only one coupon code may be used per order. In the unlikely event that there is an error in pricing, we reserve the right to correct the pricing. You will have the option to cancel the order or pay the correct amount for the product.
Sales Tax
In compliance with state tax laws, we are required to charge state sales tax.
Changes, Cancellations and Refunds
Because our products are custom made to your exact specifications, they are not suitable for resale in the ordinary course of business. Therefore, it is important that you are sure of your decisions before you finalize your purchase. Below are some points about how we handle cancellations and changes:
Since production typically starts the morning after the order is placed, cancellations and changes can only be made for a period of 24 calendar hours after your online order is finalized.
Address changes are not permitted once the manufacturer has shipped your product.
If you cancel your order during this 24 calendar hour period, we will refund your money.
Under no circumstance can we either refund any money or issue any credits for a credit card purchase if the cancellation or change occurs at any time beyond this 24 calendar hour period.
On extremely rare occasions there may be delays caused by out-of-stock materials, shipping delays, temporary factory overload, holidays, or other factors beyond our control. In the event of a known delay and a manufacturer notifies us, you will be contacted that day.
We reserve the right to reject any order, at our discretion.
Inspection of Merchandise
IMPORTANT: If your merchandise has been damaged in shipment, was made incorrectly, or has any manufacturer defects, notify us within 14 calendar days after delivery to your home and we'll have the damaged merchandise either repaired or replaced at no cost to you. If you do not notify us within this 14-day period, we won't be able to do so. All damaged shipments must be signed for as damaged.
Shipping Information
We want your ordering experience to be as simple as possible, which is why we offer free shipping to the contiguous United States.
Hawaii and Alaska
We cannot ship shutters to Hawaii or Alaska.
Any order containing shutters will be canceled. If you have other items on your order, you will have to re-order them.
We'll contact you by phone and email within 24 hours to inform you of the cancellation. Please note the cancellation will occur even if you don't answer.
Your card will be credited within 5 to 7 business days.
For oversized products (96" or over in width or height), we'll contact you by phone and email to collect a shipping fee.
$30 fee per oversized product.
If you do not answer or respond within 24 hours to confirm payment, your order will be canceled.
Other Notes on Shipping:
No shipments can be made to PO Box addresses.
No shipments can be made to military bases outside the continental United States (APO and FPO addresses).
For the fastest service possible, we ship most products directly from the manufacturing facility located closest to you.
Address changes are not permitted once the manufacturer has shipped your product.
All delivery times listed on Blinds.com’s website or on any other Blinds.com material (ads, direct mail, emails, etc.) are estimates.
Multiple Shipments
Different types of window treatments are often made in different manufacturing facilities. For the fastest delivery, we ship each product to you as soon as it is ready, meaning you may receive multiple shipments for the same order. That way, you’ll have each product as soon as possible!
*Oversized Shipments
For shipments that must be sent via common carrier (usually blinds more than 94" wide), the carrier will call you to schedule delivery. Your package will not be delivered until you confirm a delivery time. If you do not schedule within 3 days of the carrier’s attempt to call, you’ll be charged storage fees on a per-day basis. Once fees begin, 3 more contact attempts will be made before your order is destroyed.
Therefore it is very important that you provide a good contact number when ordering, and that you answer or promptly respond to contact attempts from the freight carrier or from Blinds.com.
We highly recommend that you inspect all oversized packages for damage.
Product(s) with minor damage may be able to be used and should be accepted and noted.
There is a 14-day time period to report any unusable product for a remake. Please contact us within 14 days of receiving your package if you think you need a remake.
If your package is too large to ship by UPS or FedEx, we will ship it from the manufacturer’s facility via freight carrier, usually to your front door. (Please note: Carriers do not typically deliver to apartments or condos within multi-unit buildings.)
Customer is responsible for the disposal of all shipping and packaging materials including pallets used for large shipments.
Freight Damage and Missing Parts
Upon receiving your order please be sure to inspect boxes carefully and alert your driver to any observed damage. If you find damaged items, please do not discard the boxes! We highly encourage you to take pictures of the damage, as the carrier will likely require them to process your claim.
Please contact us within 14 calendar days of the delivery date to report any freight claims to Blinds.com Customer Service.
If any parts are missing from your order (including installation materials such as screws and brackets), please contact us within 30 calendar days and we’ll help you get replacement parts.
International Shipping
Delivery Times
Delivery times given are estimates based on normal production and shipping times, and may vary depending on the product.
Estimated delivery times include working days after our receipt of your completed order and exclude weekends, holidays and factory closing days.
On occasion, there may also be delays caused by backordered merchandise, factories slowing or stopping production to take inventory, temporary factory overload, or other unforeseen problems.
Estimated delivery times may also vary during peak seasons such as holidays.
Discontinued and/or Back Ordered Items
At times, products or colors are discontinued or placed on backorder by manufacturers we work with. We make every effort to remove discontinued items as soon as we are made aware of them. Whenever we receive notice of backordered items, we will notify you immediately and give you the option to change or cancel your order.
Commercial Orders
Any order containing 25 or more of the same product, of tax exempt status, or containing any Blinds.com Commercial brand product will be considered a commercial order.
Commercial orders do not qualify for our 100% Satisfaction or SureFit™ Guarantees.
Promotional Code, Discount and Coupon Exclusions
*Promotions or discounts - Not redeemable for cash, gift cards, gift certificates or store credit. Offer valid only while supplies last or until expiration date and not applicable to canceled orders due to out-of-stock merchandise. Discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handling charges or similar charges. Returns or exchanges where a restock, remake or other discount was applied may result in an adjusted refund amount. Promotional offers may be modified or terminated at any time without notice.
**Discount Exclusions: Stackable promotions are those that offer an additional discount incentive on top a current and valid coupon code or promotion. Limit one stackable coupon per order. Must be used in one transaction. Cannot be combined with any other stackable offers or used for previously purchased merchandise. Not redeemable for cash, gift cards, or gift certificates. Offer valid only while supplies last or until expiration date listed and not applicable to canceled orders due to out-of-stock merchandise. Discount does not apply to taxes, shipping and handling charges or similar charges. Returns or exchanges where a restock or remake or other discount was applied may result in an adjusted refund amount.
Stackable promotions or discounts do not apply to the following sales events: Memorial Day, July 4th, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, Black Friday, Cyber Monday, Anniversary Sale or End of Year Clearance. Promotional offers may be modified or terminated at any time without notice.
Sitewide Sale Exclusions
Select products, at times, may be excluded from promotional discounts during a sitewide sale. In this situation, a specific product or products will not display a discount when viewed and no discount will apply to the cost of an excluded item when a promotion is applied at checkout. Varying products may be excluded from a promotion at any time. Products excluded from a sale will be visible on the website or promotional materials.
Promotion and Sale Details
Buy One, Get the Second One 50% Off Sale
Also referred to as "Buy One, Get One 50% Off" or "BOGO 50%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. Customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 50% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the 50% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy One, Get the Second One 60% Off Sale
Also referred to as "Buy One, Get One 60% Off" or "BOGO 60%" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. Customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive 60% off a second product of lesser or equal value when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the 60% discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy One, Get the Second Free
Also referred to as "Buy One, Get One Free" or "BOGO" promotions are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first product and a then receive a second product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy Two, Get the Third Free
Also referred to as "Buy Two, Get One Free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first two products and a then receive a third product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy Three, Get the Fourth Free
Also referred to as "Buy Three, Get One Free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first three products and a then receive a fourth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 4 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Buy Four, Get the Fifth Free
Also referred to as "Buy Four, Get One Free" promotions, these are defined by a discount applied to a total purchase based on an order that meets the minimum number of products required for that discount. The discount always applies to the product(s) of lesser value. The customer will pay full price for the first four products and a then receive a fifth product of lesser or equal value free of charge when the discount is applied. Where 5 or more products are purchased, the discount will apply to the least expensive products ordered.
Save up to "A Specific Percent"
Promotional messaging and sales that include "up to" phrasing describe a tiered sales event in which the mentioned sale items would be discounted at a percentage number within a range described in the promotion.
"Selected products" references the specific items currently on sale. Save "up to" any percent is a general term to define the maximum discount within a range of discounts included in that sale. Products on sale can be listed at a discount anywhere between 1% - a set maximum percent off standard retail value in this example. All sale items and their individual discounts will be displayed on the website on each sale item. Promotions of this type may be for any sale percentage.
Examples:
Save up to 45% sitewide - All items will be on sale but at different discounts ranging up to 45%.
Save up to 50% on selected products - Selected items on sale will vary in discounts that range up to 50% off.
Buy More, Save More
Buy more, save more promotions are defined by a tiered savings structure based on the total number of dollars spent. Typically, a certain, specific savings percentage is set for each tier in the promotion. Larger discounts are associated with a larger total number of dollars spent and smaller discounts are associated with a lower total number of dollars spent. There is always a minimum purchase amount associated with the lowest discount and discounts grow larger as the customer total increases within predetermined spending ranges.
Example:
Buy $199 worth of product and save 15% on your total purchase, buy $699 worth of product and save 20% on your total purchase, Buy $999 or more worth of product and save 25% on your total purchase.
Also phrased as: Buy $199 Save 15%, Buy $699 Save 20%, Buy $999 Save 25%
We’re here to help 800-505-1905
Sales & Design Help: sales@blinds.com
Help
Enter email address
