To download and/or print this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), click here .
Privacy Policy Summary
Welcome!  A summary of Raymour & Flanigan Furniture | Mattresses Privacy Policy is provided below.  To see the full details of this Policy, click here .  To see a particular topic, click on the topic links embedded below, or click here to be directed to a list of available topics.  This Privacy Policy applies to your use of any of Raymour & Flanigan Furniture | Mattresses’ online services (including, without limitation, our website, any online services, software, or mobile apps) that incorporates by reference or posts a link to this Privacy Policy, regardless of how you access or use such online services.  Click here to view our Terms of Use, which also apply to your use of online services.  
Your Choices and Privacy Rights
You have certain choices regarding information collection and communications options explained here , including:
California residents have certain privacy rights detailed here ;
Although the Company does not look for or respond to “do not track” signals, you can find information on tracking technologies here and certain choice options regarding Tracking Technologies here ;
Your options regarding accessing and changing certain of your Personal Information are available here ;
Your options regarding promotional communications are explained here ; and
Children’s and minors’ privacy rights, and notice to parents of these rights, are explained here .
Collection of Information
The Company may ask you to provide Personal Information (e.g., name, address, e-mail, phone number, etc.), as well as other information (e.g., resume, gender, interests, etc.), which may be required to access certain content, features, and functionality.   Read More .
The Company and third parties may collect information from you automatically as you access the Service (e.g., information about the devices you use to access the Service and your usage activities).   Read More .
This may include use of cookies and other technologies to keep track of your interactions with the Service, and to serve you with ads on third-party services, to offer you a more personalized and relevant experience.  Read More .
The information the Company receives via the Service may be combined with information the Company receives from third parties and sources outside of the Service.   Read More .
The Company’s policies and practices regarding Personal Information collected from children are explained here .
Use of Information
The information the Company collects is used for a variety of purposes as detailed in this Privacy Policy.  For example, your information helps the Company provide and improve the Service, communicate with you, serve advertising and offers to you, and operate the Company’s business. Read More .
Sharing of Information
The Company may share the information it receives from or about you via the Service (or give others access to it), including your Personal Information, for a variety of purposes, as detailed in this Privacy Policy.   Read More .  These include, without limitation:
To deliver and improve the Company’s services;
For the marketing and other purposes of Company;
In connection with corporate transactions (e.g., merger or sale);
To display your posts or send your messages ( Read More );
In connection with your use of third-party services ( Read More ); and
In connection with sweepstakes, contests, and promotions ( Read More ).
The Company obtains your consent (e.g., opt-in), however, before knowingly sharing Personal Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
The Company may share your non-Personal Information, aggregate and/or de-identified information about you except as prohibited by applicable law.
Questions and How to Contact the Company
 
FULL RAYMOUR & FLANIGAN FURNITURE | MATTRESSES PRIVACY POLICY
Thank you for visiting an online service (including, without limitation, our website, any online services, software, or mobile apps) that incorporates by reference or posts a link to this Privacy Policy (“Service”) owned or operated by Raymours Furniture Company, Inc., d/b/a Raymour & Flanigan Furniture | Mattresses (“the Company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).   This Privacy Policy applies to your use of any Service, regardless of how you access or use it, and provides you with information as to how the Company collects, uses, and shares information about you, including the choices the Company offers with respect to that information.  It does not apply to the Company’s data collection activities offline or otherwise outside of the Service (unless otherwise stated below or at the time of collection). For certain Services, there may be additional notices about information practices and choices. Please read those additional privacy disclosures to understand how they apply to you.
By visiting or otherwise using the Service, you agree to the Service’s Terms of Use and consent to the Company’s data collection, use, and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this Privacy Policy, and any additional privacy statements that may be posted on an applicable part of the Service.  If you do not agree and consent, please discontinue use of the Service, and uninstall Service downloads and applications.
1.    INFORMATION WE COLLECT
A. Information about You that You Provide
The Company, and/or its Service Providers (defined below), may collect information you provide directly to the Company and/or its Service Providers via the Service.  For example, the Company collects information when you use or register for the Service, subscribe to notifications, post on the Service, participate in promotional activities, or communicate or transact through the Service.  In addition, when you interact with Third-Party Services (defined below), you may be able to provide information to those third parties.  For more information on Third-Party Services’ data collection and practices click here . For more information on Service Provider data collection and practices click here . 
Information that the Company, its Service Providers and/or Third-Party Services may collect may include: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, mobile and land line phone numbers, mailing and home addresses, resume when applying for employment at the Company, and full payment account number and other personal information necessary to fulfill and track your order(s) (“Personal Information”); and (2) demographic information, such as your gender, age, zip code, interests, and recent and upcoming purchases (“Demographic Information”).  Except to the extent required by applicable law, Demographic Information is “non-Personal Information” (i.e., data that is not Personal Information under this Privacy Policy).  In addition, Personal Information, including, without limitation, Company-Collected PI (defined below), once “de-identified” (i.e., through the removal or modification of the personally identifiable elements, or the extraction of non- personally identifiable elements) is also non-Personal Information and may be used and shared without obligation to you, except as prohibited by applicable law.  To the extent any non-Personal Information is combined by or on behalf of the Company with Personal Information the Company itself collects directly from you on the Service (“Company- Collected PI”), the Company will treat the combined data as Company-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy.
B. Information Collected Automatically
The Company, it’s Service Providers, and/or Third-Party Services may also automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use the Service (“Usage Information”).  Usage Information may include IP address, Internet service provider, device identifier, browser type, operating system, information about your use of the Service, and data regarding network connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device).  Except to the extent required by applicable law, or to the extent Usage Information is combined by or on behalf of the Company with Company-Collected PI, the Company does not consider Usage Information (including, without limitation, unique device identifiers) to be Personal Information or Company-Collected PI.  For more information on Third-Party Services’ data collection and practices click here . For more information on Service Provider data collection and practices click here . For information on choices some of these third parties may offer you regarding automated data collection click here .
The methods that may be used on the Service to collect Usage Information include:
Log Information: Log information is data about your use of the Service, such as IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, and may be stored in log files.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies:   Cookies , web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”), embedded scripts , location-identifying technologies , fingerprinting , device recognition technologies , in-app tracking methods and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed (“Tracking Technologies”) may be used to collect information about interactions with the Service or e-mails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s device, which may be session ID cookies or tracking cookies. Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate the Service and expire when you close your browser. Tracking cookies remain longer and help in understanding how you use the Service, and enhance your user experience. Cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. If you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some but not all types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked and as a result some features and functionalities of the Service may not work.  A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file which may be placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your device.  HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage. Flash cookies and HTML5 cookies are locally stored on your device other than in the browser and browser settings won’t control them.  To identify certain types of local shared objects on your device and adjust your settings, please visit: www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html .  The Service may associate some or all of these types of cookies with your devices.
Web Beacons (“Tracking Pixels”)
Web beacons are small graphic images, also known as “Internet tags” or “clear gifs,” embedded in web pages and e- mail messages. Web beacons may be used, without limitation, to count the number of visitors to the Service, to monitor how users navigate the Service, and to count content views. 
Embedded Scripts
An embedded script is programming code designed to collect information about your interactions with the Service. It is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from the Company’s web server, or from a third party with which the Company works, and is active only while you are connected to the Service, and deleted or deactivated thereafter.
Location-identifying Technologies
GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering and other location-aware technologies locate (sometimes precisely) you, or make assumptions about your location, for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content based on your location.  If you have enabled GPS or use other location-based features on the Service, your device location may be tracked. Our store finder feature may access and use information about your device location (such as based on IP address), or your account information, to suggest appropriate store locations.  Our Service content may be personalized based on various information we may have about you to try to provide you with more location-relevant content.  Further, we may use your device location information (including proximity to Tracking Technologies existing in the physical world that the app interacts with, for example iBeacons in a physical location and wi-fi and Bluetooth services) such as to display nearby businesses and offers, or to enable or verify certain actions or Service availability.
Fingerprinting
Collection and analysis of information from your device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, and other data, for purposes of identification and/or tracking.
Device Recognition Technologies
Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, as well as linking a common unique identifier to different device use (e.g., Facebook ID), which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user or household) (“Cross-device Data”).
In-App Tracking Methods
There are a variety of Tracking Technologies that may be included in mobile applications, and these are not browser- based like cookies and cannot be controlled by browser settings. Some use device identifier, or other identifiers such as “Ad IDs” to associate app user activity to a particular app and to track user activity across apps and/or devices.
Some information about your use of the Service and certain Third-Party Services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services, and used by the Company and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Service and certain Third-Party Services.  See Section 11 regarding certain choices regarding these activities.  
The Company is giving you notice of the Tracking Technologies and your choices regarding them explained in Section 11 so that your consent to encountering them is meaningfully informed.  
C. Information Company Collects From Other Sources
The Company may also obtain information about you from other sources, including Service Providers and Third-Party Services, and combine that with Company-Collected PI. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, except to the extent such data combined by or on behalf of the Company with Company-Collected PI, this Privacy Policy is not intended to limit the Company’s activities regarding such third-party-sourced, or non-Service-sourced, information (including Personal Information), and such data will only be treated as Company-Collected PI to the extend it is combined with Company-Collected PI.  The Company is not responsible or liable for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or for third party policies or practices.
2.    HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN.
The Company may use information about you, including Company-Collected PI and other Personal Information, for any purposes not inconsistent with the Company’s statements under this Privacy Policy, or otherwise made at the point of collection, and not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation, the following:
Allow you to participate in the features we offer on the Service;
Deliver merchandise and services you purchase online;
Process your registration, manage your account and/or upload your User Generated Content (“UGC”). (For more information on how UGC is treated under the Service’s Terms of Use click here . For more on the public nature of UGC, see Section 5 ;
Transact with you, provide services or information you request, respond to your comments, questions and requests, serve you content and/or advertising, and send you notices;
Company’s marketing and other purposes;
Enhance and improve customers’ shopping experiences;
Improve the Service and for any other internal business purposes;
Tailor our content, advertisements, and offers; 
Fulfull other purposes disclosed at the time you provide Personal Information or otherwise where we are legally permitted or are required to do so;
Completing payment method processing;
Determine your location and send you location-relevant information; and 
Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.
3.     INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES.
The Company may share non-Personal Information, and Personal Information that is not deemed Company-Collected PI hereunder (provided that the Company is aware of no restrictions on the Company’s use, if any), with third parties for any purpose.  The Company’s sharing of Company-Collected PI is, however, subject to the following:
Marketing:  Subject to your communications choices explained in Section 11.D , and the rights of California residents explained here , we may use your Personal Information to send you marketing communications.  Company will not share your Company-Collected PI with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, except in connection with Corporate Transactions (defined below) absent your consent (which may be by means of third party interaction described in the next bullet point).
Your Disclosure or Consent:  As more fully described in Section 5 (Information You Disclose Publicly or to Others) and Section 6 (Third-Party Content, Third-Party Services, Social Features, Advertising and Analytics), your activities on the Service may, by their nature, result in the sharing of your Company-Collected Personal Information (as well as your other Personal Information and your non-Personal Information) with third parties and by engaging in these activities you consent to that and further sharing and disclosure to third parties.   Such third party data receipt and collection is subject to the privacy and business practices of that third party, not the Company.  
The Company may also share any information about you (including, without limitation, Company-Collected PI) for any purposes not inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, or our statements at the point of collection, and otherwise not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation:
The Company’s agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively “Service Providers”) may receive, or be given access to your information, including, without limitation, Personal Information, Demographic Information, and Usage Information, in connection with their work on the Company’s behalf, provided however, the Company does not authorize its Service Providers to use Company-Collected PI provided by the Company to the Service Providers to send you direct marketing messages other than related to the Company absent your consent.   For more information on choices Service Providers may offer you click here . 
To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and in response to a government request; and 
If the Company believes your actions are inconsistent with the Company’s terms of use, user agreements, applicable terms or policies, or to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of the Company, the Service or its users, or any third party.
The Company may share your Company-Collected Personal Information (as well as your other Personal Information and your non-Personal Information), in connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual merger, purchase, sale, joint venture, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of the Company assets, or transfer of all or a portion of the Company’s business to another company (“Corporate Transactions”).
In addition, in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (“OFCCP”) and similar state and local regulatory agencies, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity).  Providing such self- identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information, to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies or otherwise use or disclose it for business-related purposes, including, without limitation, responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.  
4.     SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS, AND PROMOTIONS.
The Company may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (each, a “Promotion”), including Promotions jointly sponsored or offered by third parties, which may require submitting Personal Information.  If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, your information, including Personal Information, may be disclosed to the Company, co-sponsors, Service Providers, and other third parties, including for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may include consent to additional or differing data practices from those contained in this Privacy Policy.  Please review those rules carefully.
5.     INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE PUBLICLY OR TO OTHERS.
The Service may permit you to post or submit UGC including, without limitation, written content, user profiles, photos, videos, audio or visual recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, or other content, including Personal Information.  If you choose to submit UGC to any public area of the Service, your UGC will be considered “public” and will be accessible by anyone, including the Company.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, unless otherwise explicitly agreed by us, Personal Information included in UGC is not subject to the Company’s usage or sharing limitations, or other obligations, regarding Company-Collected PI or other Personal Information under this Privacy Policy or otherwise, and may be used and shared by the Company and third parties to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law.  The Company encourages you to exercise caution when making decisions about what you disclose in such public areas.  For more information on how UGC is treated under the Service’s Terms of Use click here . California minors should see Section 9 regarding potential removal of certain UGC they have posted on the Service.
Additionally, the Service may offer you the option to send a communication to a friend or other contact. If so, the Company relies on you to only send to people that have previously given you permission to do so.  The recipient’s Personal Information you provide (e.g., name, e-mail address) will be used to facilitate the communication, but not used by the Company for any other marketing purpose unless the Company obtains consent from that person.  Your contact information and message may be included in the communication.  
6.     THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, SOCIAL FEATURES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS.
The Service may include hyperlinks to, or include on or in connection with, the Service (e.g., apps and plug-ins), websites, locations, platforms, applications or services operated by third parties (“Third-Party Service(s)”). These Third-Party Services may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other Tracking Technology to independently collect information about you and may solicit Personal Information from you.  
Certain functionalities on the Service permit interactions that you initiate between the Service and certain Third-Party Services, such as third party social networks (“Social Features”).  Examples of Social Features include: enabling you to send content such as contacts and photos between the Service and a Third-Party Service; “liking” or “sharing” the Company’s content; logging in to the Service using your Third Party Service account (e.g., using Facebook Connect to sign- in to the Service); and to otherwise connect the Service to a Third-Party Service (e.g., to pull or push information to or from the Service).  If you use Social Features, and potentially other Third-Party Services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the Service (see Section 5 ) or by the Third-Party Service that you use. Similarly, if you post information on a third-party service that references the Service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with the Company in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with the Service or otherwise by the Company.  Also, both the Company and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Service and any Third-Party Service. 
The Company may engage and work with Service Providers and other third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and/or on third-party services.  Some of these ads may be tailored to your interest based on your browsing of the Service and elsewhere on the internet, sometimes referred to as “interest-based advertising” and “online behavioral advertising” (“Interest-based Advertising”), which may include sending you an ad on a third party service after you have left the Service (i.e., “retargeting”).
The Company may use Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics or other Service Providers for analytics services.  These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to help the Company analyze Service users and how they use the Service.  Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by these Service Providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these Service Providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Service, compiling statistic reports on the Service’s activity, and providing other services relating to Service activity and other Internet usage.    
Except to the extent we combine information we receive from Service Providers, Third-Party Services, or other third parties with Company-Collected PI, in which case the Company will treat the combined information as Company-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy (see Section 1(c) ), data obtained by the Company from a third party, even in association with the Service, is not subject to the Company’s limitations regarding Company-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy, however such data remains subject to any restrictions imposed on the Company by the third party, if any.  Otherwise, the information collected, stored, and shared by third parties remains subject to their privacy policies and practices, including whether they continue to share information with the Company, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on Third-Party Services.  
The Company is not responsible for and makes no representations regarding the policies or business practices of any third parties, including, without limitation, analytics Service Providers and Third-Party Services associated with the Service, and encourages you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.  See Section 11 for more on certain choices offered by some third parties regarding their data collection and use, including regarding Interest- based Advertising and analytics.
The Company takes reasonable measures to protect Company-Collected PI (excluding public UGC) from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and the Company cannot guarantee the security of your information collected through the Service.
To help protect you and others, the Company and its Service Providers may (but make no commitment to) monitor use of the Service, and may collect and use related information including Company-Collected PI and other Personal Information for all purposes not prohibited by applicable law or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, to identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or seek prosecution for any potential threats to or misuse of the Service; ensure compliance with the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of the Company, third parties, and other users.   Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activity or communications through our Service.  If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Service.
8.     INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER.
The Company is based in the U.S. and the information the Company and its Service Providers collect is governed by U.S. law.  If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S.  Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Service or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information, including Personal Information, in the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy.   
9.     CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.
The Service is intended for a general adult audience and not directed to children less than thirteen (13) years of age. The Company does not intend to collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) (“Children’s Personal Information”) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA.  If we obtain knowledge that we have collected Children’s Personal Information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.  
Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the Service, and who posted content or information on the Service, can request removal by contacting the Company here , detailing where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it.  The Company will then make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified to the extent required by applicable law. This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. For instance, third-parties may have republished or archived content by search engines and others that the Company does not control.
10.     ACCESSING AND CHANGING INFORMATION.
The Company may provide web pages or other mechanisms allowing you to delete, correct, or update some of the Company- Collected PI, and potentially certain other information about you (e.g., profile and account information).  You can edit your name, contact information, and preferences by logging into the My Account section of the site and then clicking on “Update Your Contact Information.” The Company will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in its then-active databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always possible to completely change, remove or delete all of your information or public postings from the Company’s databases (California minors see Section 9 ) and residual and/or cached data may remain archived thereafter.  Further, we reserve the right to retain data (a) as required by applicable law; and (b) for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data is retained except to the extent prohibited by applicable law.
A. Tracking Technologies Generally. 
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings.  Browsers offer different functionalities and options so you may need to set them separately.  Also, tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies (also known as locally shared objects), HTML5 cookies, or other Tracking Technologies.  For information on disabling Flash cookies, go to Adobe’s website http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-third-party-local- shared.html .  Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies, some parts of the Service may not work and that when you revisit the Service your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.  
Some App-related Tracking Technologies in connection with non-browser usage (e.g., most functionality of a mobile app) can only be disabled by uninstalling the app.  To uninstall an app, follow the instructions from your operating system or handset manufacturer.
Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit.  Note, however, there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context.  Like many online services, the Company currently does not alter the Company’s practices when the Company receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you can visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com , but the Company is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this third party information.  Some third parties, however, may offer you choices regarding their Tracking Technologies. One way to potentially identify cookies on our Site is to add the free Ghostery plug-in to your browser ( www.ghostery.com ), which according to Ghostery will display for you traditional, browser-based cookies associated with the web sites (but not mobile apps) you visit and privacy and opt-out policies and options of the parties operating those cookies.  The Company is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this tool or third party choice notices or mechanisms.   For specific information on some of the choice options offered by third party analytics and advertising providers, see the next section.
B. Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies.
You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going to https://tools.google.com/ dlpage/gaoptout or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.  You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Adobe Analytics by going to http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html under the section labeled “Tell our customers not to measure your use of their websites or tailor their online ads for you.”
You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs.  Some of the advertisers and Service Providers that perform advertising-related services for us and third parties may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.  To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , and http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices for information on the DAA’s opt-out program for mobile apps.  Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .  Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads.  Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks).  Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use of a different device or web browsers or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective.  The Company supports the ad industry’s 2009 Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (http://www.iab.net/media/file/ven-principles-07-01-09.pdf) and expects that ad networks the Company directly engages to serve you Interest-based Advertising will do so as well, though the Company cannot guaranty their compliance. The Company is not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.  
In addition, we may serve ads on third-party services that are targeted to reach people on those services that are also identified on one of more of our data bases (“Matched List Ads”).  This is done by matching common factors between our data bases and the data bases of the third-party services.  For instance, we may use such ad services offered by Facebook or Twitter and other Third-Party Services.  We are not responsible for these Third-Party Services, including without limitation their security of the data.  If we use Facebook to serve Matched List Ads on Facebook services, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of such a Facebook ad and find out how to opt-out with us from such list.  If you opt-out from our Facebook Matched List Ads, we will remove the matching Personal Information from that list, however, this will not take effect immediately and if you have multiple e-mails or other accounts you may have to opt-out separately for each one.  If we use Twitter Matched Use Ads, you should be able to opt-out through your account settings on Twitter.  If you opt-out from our Twitter Matched Use Ads, you will be removed from that list, however, this will not take effect immediately and if you have multiple e-mails or other accounts you may have to opt-out separately for each one.  We are not responsible for such third parties’ failure to comply with your or our opt-out instructions or to provide us notice of your opt-out elections, and they may change their options without notice to us or you.
C. Mobile Apps.
With respect to the Company’s mobile apps (“apps”), you can stop all collection of data generated by use of the app by uninstalling the app.  Also, you may be able to exercise specific privacy choices, such as enabling or disabling certain features (e.g., location-based services, push notifications, accessing calendar/contacts/photos, etc.), by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device and/or the app’s settings. Beware that if GPS precise location services are disabled, other means of establishing or estimating location (e.g., connecting to or proximity to wi-fi, Bluetooth, beacons, or our networks) may persist.  See also the prior section regarding the DAA’s mobile Interest-based Advertising choices.
D. Communications.
You can opt out of receiving certain promotional email communications from the Company at any time by following the instructions provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or if available by changing your communication preferences by logging onto your account. You can opt-in to text message promotional communications by texting JOIN to 44998, or as otherwise directed by us, and you can opt-in to certain type of autodialed and/or pre-recorded promotional phone call alerts. We may also offer you the opportunity to receive non-promotional informational texts messages and phone calls, such as regarding furniture delivery timing. By subscribing to our text messages programs, you consent to receive ongoing Raymour & Flanigan Furniture | Mattresses text alerts (including by auto-dialers), which may include promotion texts if the program to which you subscribe includes promotional alerts, and acknowledge that you have reviewed and accepted the Alert Terms and Terms of Use . You also consent to receive a text confirming any opt-out. Consent is not a condition of purchase, and no purchase is necessary, Text HELP for help. Text STOP to unsubscribe (i.e., opt-out).  You can opt-out of certain types of promotional calls by following the instructions given as part of those calls.  You can also change your e-mail, text and call preferences by clicking here . Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address or phone number used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions.  If you opt-out of only certain communications, other subscription communications may continue.  Even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, the Company may, subject to applicable law, continue to send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or the Company’s ongoing business relations.  To prospectively opt-out of our sharing of your Company-Collected PI for our own direct marketing purposes, contact us at  rfcare@raymourflanigan.com  or 1-866-383-4484.
12.     YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
We do not share personal information as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine The Light law”) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes absent your consent. If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by contacting us here or by sending a letter to 7248 Morgan Road, Liverpool, New York 13088, (Attention: Legal Department).  Any such request must include "California Privacy Rights Request" in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.   Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address. 
California minors should see “Children’s Privacy” at Section 9 regarding removal of certain content they have posted.
13.     YOUR CONNECTICUT PRIVACY RIGHTS.  
Connecticut law requires any person or entity that collects Social Security numbers from Connecticut residents in the course of business to create a privacy protection policy and to publish or display it publicly.  It is our policy to protect the confidentiality of Social Security numbers in our possession from misuse and improper disclosure by maintaining and enforcing policies and physical and electronic safeguards against misuse and improper disclosure.  Unlawful disclosure of Social Security numbers is prohibited, and access to them is limited to personnel who need access to such information in order to perform their job functions.
14.     CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy prospectively effective upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use.  However, we will not use your previously collected Company-Collected PI, to the extent it is not collected under the new privacy policy, in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent. To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.
15.     CONTACT COMPANY.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact the Company here or at 7248 Morgan Road, Liverpool, New York 13088; (Attention: Legal Department).
 
 
 
 
 
 
© 2000 - 2018 Raymour & Flanigan Furniture|Mattresses®
