× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Tripadvisor.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Tripadvisor.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.tripadvisor.com/pages/privacy.html . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
TripAdvisor is an online service that provides recommendations for hotels, resorts, inns, vacations, travel packages, travel guides and lots more. Our Web site is part of the TripAdvisor® Media Network, which is owned and operated by TripAdvisor LLC. More details about TripAdvisor LLC can be found below under “How you can contact us.”
We understand that providing information online involves a great deal of trust on your part. We take this trust very seriously, and make it a high priority to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal information you provide to us. Before submitting your personal information to our Web site, please read this Policy carefully to learn about our privacy practices. By visiting TripAdvisor’s Web site, www.tripadvisor.com , you are accepting the practices described herein.
What information we collect from you
In General.
We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. This includes information that can identify you ("personal information"), including your first and last name, telephone number, postal and e-mail addresses, user name and password. We may also request information about your travel plans, style, and preferences, including meal requests, seat selection, frequent flyer/hotel/car rental program information, and flight class, luggage, and ticketing options. You can choose not to provide information to us, but in general some information about you is required in order for you to enjoy the benefits of being a registered member. For example, only registered members are able to post travel reviews, participate in discussion forums, e-mail TripAdvisor content to themselves and others, access members-only newsletters and travel planning content, and enter surveys, contests, or sweepstakes. In addition, some information is also required in order for you to ask us a question or initiate other transactions on our site.
Information About Others.
You will have the opportunity to provide contact information for other people through our Web site. You should obtain the consent of other individuals prior to providing TripAdvisor with their personal information.
Information from Other Sources.
We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities, business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to other information about you. For example, if you visit TripAdvisor by “clicking-through” from a site operated by one of our business partners, and you have registered with that partner, then information about you that you have provided to that partner may be shared with us,such as contact information and demographic information. As another example, if you access third party services, such as social media services, through our Web site or before coming to our Website, we may collect information such as your user name, password, and other information made available to us through those services in order to improve and personalize your use of our Web site.
We have partnered with Facebook to provide Instant Personalization on TripAdvisor for members of Facebook. If you have Instant Personalization set to "enabled" in your Facebook privacy settings and you are logged into Facebook, then TripAdvisor will be personalized for you when you visit the Web site, even if you are a first-time user of TripAdvisor’s Web site. For example, we will show you reviews that your Facebook friends have posted on TripAdvisor and places they have visited. In order to provide you with this personalized experience, Facebook provides us with information that you have chosen to make available pursuant to your Facebook privacy settings. That information may include your name, profile picture, gender, friend lists and any other information you have chosen to make available.
When you first visit TripAdvisor, you will see an option to turn off Instant Personalization in just one click. If you decide to turn it off at a later date, you can do so by first logging into Facebook and clicking on the disable link on this page , or by scrolling over the “Learn More” link on the top of the page on TripAdvisor and clicking on “How to turn off personalization”. You can also turn off Instant Personalization by editing your privacy settings on Facebook. Please note that, if you have Facebook friends who are using TripAdvisor, they may also have shared information about you with us through Facebook. If you wish to prevent that sharing, you can do so by editing your Facebook privacy settings.
Automatic Information.
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit TripAdvisor. For example, we will collect session data, including your IP address, Web browser software, and referring Web site. We also may collect information about your online activity, such as content viewed and pages visited. One of our goals in collecting this automatic information is to help us understand the interests of our users and customize your user experience.
Cookies and Other Web Technologies.
Cookies are small data text files and can be stored on your computer’s hard drive (if your Web browser permits). TripAdvisor.com and its affiliated websites use cookies for the following general purposes:
The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers should tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable most types of cookies. Please note that if you refuse to accept cookies, you may not be able to access many of the travel tools offered on our sites.
Our sites also may use Web beacons (also known as clear gifs, pixel tags or Web bugs), which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, that are placed in the code of a Web page. We use Web beacons to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our sites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our site from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party Web site, and to improve site performance. We also may allow our service providers to use Web beacons to help us understand which emails have been opened by recipients and to track the visitor traffic and actions on our site. This helps us measure the effectiveness of our content and other offerings.
Display of Advertising/Your Choices.
Data collected to serve you with relevant advertising
TripAdvisor and its affiliated websites are committed to providing you with relevant content and information across our sites. To do this, we may collect information about your travel-related searches, such as whether you are looking for airline flights or hotels, and use this information to serve you with ads on our sites or elsewhere online that match your apparent interests. So, for example, if you search for a flight to Florida on TripAdvisor.com, you may see an ad for a Floridatravel package on TripAdvisor.com or on another website you visit.
We do not share your personal information (such as email addresses) with unaffiliated third parties so they can serve you with advertisements. You can choose not to receive relevant online advertising on other Web sites, based on your travel-related searches on TripAdvisor.com by clicking here .
Data collected by business partners and ad networks to serve you with relevant advertising
Many of the advertisements you see on the TripAdvisor.com family of sites are served by TripAdvisor.com or its service providers. But we also allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies . These third parties include (1) business partners, who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites, and (2) advertising networks, who collect information about your interests when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different Web sites on the Internet. The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics, interests or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests.
Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative , which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. To learn more, please click here .
Information About Your Location.
When you use a TripAdvisor application (the "Application") on a mobile phone or tablet device ("Device"), we will collect and use information about you in broadly the same way and for substantially similar purposes as when you use a TripAdvisor website. In addition, we may collect information about your location, if you have instructed your Device to send such information to the Application, via the privacy settings on that Device, or if you have uploaded photos tagged with location information. We will use the location information collected from your Device or photos to enhance your use of the Application. For example, we may use your location to show you reviews of hotels or restaurants near you. You can change the privacy settings of your Device at any time, in order to turn off the functionality to share location information with the Application and/or the functionality to tag your photos with location information. If you have any queries about the privacy settings of your Device, we suggest you contact the manufacturer of your Device or your mobile service provider for help.
Call Recording and Monitoring.
Please be aware that calls to and from TripAdvisor may be recorded.  We may use the call recordings to monitor our customer service for quality or compliance purposes, to check the accuracy of the information you provide us, for fraud prevention purposes, or to provide training to our staff.  We will retain the call recordings for as long as reasonably necessary to perform such activities and then delete them.  Any personal information obtained from you during the call will be treated in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
How we use your information
TripAdvisor uses the information we collect about you for the following general purposes: for registration and to manage your account, including to facilitate your access to and use of our site; to communicate with you in general, including to provide information about TripAdvisor and invitations from the TripAdvisor community; to enable us to publish your reviews, forum posts, and other content to the TripAdvisor community; to respond to your questions and comments; to measure interest in and improve our products, services, and Web site; to notify you about special offers and products or services available from us or our partners that may be of interest to you; to otherwise customize your experience with TripAdvisor; to solicit information from you, including through surveys; to resolve disputes or troubleshoot problems; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; to enforce our Terms of Use; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.
If you have signed up as the owner or manager of a vacation rental, or listed your vacation rental property in our Destination Resources section, we will send you e-mail messages at the email address you provide to us.
TripAdvisor may share your information with the following entities:
We also may share your information:
If you choose to create a profile on TripAdvisor, certain information in your profile will be publicly viewable and identifiable via your screen name. You will have the ability to view your profile as members of the public will see it. Additionally, if you choose to participate in our member-to-member communications programs, other TripAdvisor members may contact you by using TripAdvisor as an intermediary; however, TripAdvisor will not share your email address with any other members nor display it any public manner. All TripAdvisor members have the option to turn off the member-to-member communication features at any time.
Other than as set out above, you will be notified when personal information about you will be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to have us share such information.
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our Web site receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.
How you can access your information
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, and complete. You can access and update your contact information by visiting the Member Profile page on the TripAdvisor Web site. You can close your TripAdvisor account by contacting us at the email address listed below. We will send you an e-mail to confirm your request. Please note that after you close an account, you will not be able to sign in or access any of your personal information. However, you can open a new account at any time. Please also note that we may retain certain information associated with your account in our archives, including for analytical purposes as well as for recordkeeping integrity.
Your choices with respect to the collection and use of your information
How we protect your information
We want you to feel confident about using TripAdvisor, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no Web site can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they only may do so for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your personal information between your system and ours, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.
Children's privacy
TripAdvisor is a general audience site and does not offer services directed to children. Should an individual whom we know to be a child under age 13 send personal information to us, we will delete or destroy such information as soon as reasonably possible.
External links
If any part of the TripAdvisor Web site links you to other Web sites, those external Web sites do not operate under this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you examine the privacy statements posted on those other Web sites to understand their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
Visiting our Web sites from outside the United States
If you are visiting our Web site from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that TripAdvisor does take steps pursuant to laws in the United States to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Policy.
Your California privacy rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at General Support .
Changes to this Privacy Policy
TripAdvisor may update this Privacy Policy in the future. We will notify our members about material changes to this Privacy Policy by either sending a notice to the e-mail address you provided to us or by placing a prominent notice on our Web site.
How you can contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 1, 2011
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
