Online Privacy Policy
ARRL has created this online privacy policy to notify you of our commitment to the privacy of the users of our website and other digital media. Please read the following to learn more about our online privacy policy and how we treat personal information about our visitors and users. Please also review ARRL’s general Privacy Policy .
What this Online Privacy Policy Covers
This      online privacy policy covers ARRL’s treatment of personally identifiable      information collected by ARRL through a website owned and operated by ARRL.
Except      as otherwise specifically noted below, this online      privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that ARRL does      not own or control, or of persons that ARRL does not employ or manage,      including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any      third-party websites to which ARRL’s website is linked.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
You      can visit the ARRL website without revealing any personal information.      However, ARRL needs certain personal information if you wish to purchase      ARRL products, become a member, request information, or use certain ARRL      services.
Where      required, this information may include your personal contact information      and/or other personal and personal identification information. ARRL will      use this information to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with      requested products and services, to communicate member information to you,      and to contact you regarding new ARRL products and services.
By      accessing the online services of ARRL and voluntarily providing us with      the requested personal information, you consent to the collection and use      of the information in accordance with this online privacy policy.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
ARRL      automatically receives and records non-personal information on our server      logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and      the page you requested. Some of our web pages and applications may send      anonymous usage statistics to ARRL and to our service providers to help us      improve our website and content, and better meet the needs of radio amateurs.      ARRL may use this information to customize the content you see and to      fulfill your requests for certain products and services. However, ARRL does not connect this      non-personal data to any personal information collected from you.
Individual      IP addresses (which are unique numbers assigned to your computer or device      by your ISP each time you connect with the Internet) are collected and      used in the aggregate only for      website analysis. These are never associated with any personal      information. This allows ARRL to measure, understand and optimize web      usage. General information collected includes site traffic patterns, page      views, links selected, and search terms. None of the collected information can be used to identify a      particular person. Rather, it is only aggregate data that is      collected.  Most web browsers can be      configured to not share website browsing histories. ARRL’s native applications      can be configured to disable sending usage information to ARRL. This is      called “disable tracking.” It may or may not be available to you,      depending on the equipment you use for web browsing.
There      are two types of “cookies” utilized in ARRL’s website. These are small      files of data that are sent to your computer to store data. The first type      are used to store information as users navigate the online store, to allow      functions such as adding items to your shopping basket; to allow you to      navigate ARRL’s membership application; and to facilitate use of other      forms and applications used throughout the site.  These “session cookies” are removed at      the end of the activity, such as when you complete an online publication      order. These are necessary in order for some web functions to work. The      other type of cookie is used to help the website remember user information      and settings when visited in the future. You can delete these from your      computer or device at any time, but if you do, such settings as stored      usernames and login information will have to be reentered the next time      you return to the site. ARRL does      not use cookies to collect any personal information.  
ARRL      also allows third party companies that are presenting advertisements on      some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Again,      these cookies are not connected to any personal information. Third party      cookie usage is subject to their own privacy policies, and ARRL assumes no      responsibility or liability for this usage.
The      digital edition of QST, ARRL’s      official journal, is hosted by Nxtbook, ARRL’s service provider. Nxtbook      does not collect any personal or personal identification information from      those who utilize the digital edition of QST or otherwise, but it does aggregate information as      described above in order to supply ARRL with website analytical      information.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
ARRL will      not disclose your personal information to third parties except when: We       have your express consent to share the information for a specified       purpose; We       need to respond to subpoenas, court orders or such other legal process; We       need to defend the rights or property of ARRL; or We       find that your actions on our website violates any of our usage       guidelines for specific products or services. For      details, see ARRL Privacy Policy .
Consent
If you      do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal      information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal      information to ARRL. If you have provided personal information to ARRL and      no longer consent to its use or disclosure as outlined herein, please      notify ARRL at privacy@arrl.org .
Security
No      data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure.      However, ARRL has taken steps to protect your personal information      protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites,      as identified on the site, ARRL uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to      protect data transmissions.
We      also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through      access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security      measures.
Changes to this Online Privacy Policy
ARRL      may at any time, without notice and in its sole discretion, amend this      policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your      continued use of ARRL’s website after any such amendments signifies your      acceptance thereof.
Questions or Suggestions
If you      have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, or your own      personal information, please e-mail us at privacy@arrl.org .
Last updated:  November 6, 2012
 
225 Main Street
