Our Privacy Policy is the following outlines:
Log Files:
Similar to many other Web sites, gmc bike makes use of log files as well. The particulars within the log files comprises internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, kind of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to explore aptitudes, administer the site, track user’s motion around the site, and collect demographic figures. Though the IP addresses and other such information’s are not connected with any information that is individually distinguishable.
Cookies and Web Beacons:
To store information about visitor’s preferences gmcbike.com does employ cookies. It records user specific details on which pages the user access or presence and modifies Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends by means of their browser.
Links to Third Party Websites:
For your utilize and reference we have incorporated links on this website. Also we are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be informed that the privacy policies of these websites may be different from our individual.
Faithful to Data Security:
Keep in mind that your all information will be stored and processed on our confidential database system. Rather we can give you guarantee that your individually identifiable information will be kept most secured. Maintain data exactness, and make sure the accurate use of information to prevent illegal access. Appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures we have putted in place to safeguard and secure the information which we collect through online.
Choice/Opt-In/Opt-Out
Necessary measures we take that permit visitors to unsubscribe (Opt Out) due to that they will not be able to accept upcoming update from us. Just after unsubscribing we will suspend sending the specific messages as soon as technically possible.
Policy Modifications:
To create required changes from time to time to this Privacy Policy page, we gmcbike.com reserves the absolute right. While any changes are made to this privacy policy; just then we will update this page and at the same time to all email users those who have already given us their mail address in our subscriber inventory. Please be informed that in the future if the Privacy Policy changes, we will not use the personal information you have submitted to us earlier.
About our privacy policy if you need any further information or have any questions, please feel free to contact us .
