What's it like for students at WGU?
At WGU, your experience is our obsession! You're in charge of your college education—but you're never alone.
Back to School Scholarships - $750,000 available!
Didn't finish your bachelor's? Or ready for that master's degree? Apply today for the Back to School Scholarship . 
WGU's privacy policy.
WGU respects your privacy.
Western Governors University is committed to ensuring your privacy as a visitor to this website, as an interested party in one of WGU’s degree programs, and as a student in our university. Generally speaking, here’s how we ensure your privacy:
We require our employees to keep your personal information confidential.
We only authorize access to your personal information to employees and third parties (only after you become a student) who need your information to perform their duties (further explained below).
We safeguard your personal information through electronic, procedural, and physical means.
Website information.
When you visit the WGU.edu website, the only personal information WGU collects about you is the information you voluntarily provide through our online inquiry or application forms. Any personally identifiable information collected about you on this website is used by WGU to contact you about the university’s programs, administer your application to the university, and provide additional information as needed, potentially including contact via phone or email.
WGU will not release, sell, rent, or trade your personal information gathered on the website to any third party for the promotion of other services or products.
WGU will collect anonymous non-personally identifiable information about your website visit through pixel tags, sometimes known as cookies. These tags help us track information about your visit and are used to deliver banner advertisements to you on the Internet. WGU participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our websites across various devices you use, and to deliver personalized content. Go to https://cross-device-privacy.adobe.com to learn more about the Adobe Device Co-op to manage your choices related to this linking of devices including opting out.
How we treat your personal information as a prospective student:
As a prospective student, your email address and other personal information will never be shared with third parties. Your assigned WGU Enrollment Counselor and other departments in the university will use your email address and other personal information to provide you with the information you request about your degree program of interest, tuition, financial aid, and any other topics pertaining to enrollment in the university.
If you apply or enroll as a WGU student, WGU uses passwords to protect the privacy of applicants and students who use personalized areas of its sites. The highest level of security is used for storing information (SSL encryption). WGU staff monitors the sites for technical reliability.
How we treat your personal information as a student:
As a WGU student, your personal information (including email address) may be shared with third-party learning resources, assessment sites, and other external vendors who support the academic programs. These vendors are obligated through their agreements with WGU to maintain the privacy of WGU students. Student directory information may be shared with outside institutions and corporations.
Opt-out policy:
At any time, you have the option and the right to request that WGU discontinue further communications via email, phone, or direct mail.
To opt out by postal mail, send a written request containing your name and mailing address to:
Western Governors University
ATTN: Enrollment Department
Salt Lake City, UT 84107
To opt out by phone:
Call the WGU Enrollment Department toll-free 1-866-225-5948
To opt out via WGU’s website:
FERPA compliance:
WGU complies with the protections established under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Acts of 1974 (FERPA). FERPA is a federal law designed to protect the privacy of student education records. FERPA governs the release of education records and access to education records.
The FERPA policy is intended to ensure students have the right to inspect and review their education records; the right to amend their education records as appropriate; and the right to control access to their education records. Students have the right to: (1) inspect and review their education records, (2) request amendment to their education records, (3) consent to disclosures of non-directory information, except to the extent that FERPA authorizes disclosure without consent, and (4) file a complaint with the U.S. Department of Education concerning alleged failures by WGU to comply with FERPA requirements.
Students have the right to request that their records be amended if they believe the content is inaccurate, misleading, or in violation of their privacy rights. Student directory information may be shared with outside institutions and corporations.
For details about WGU’s policy on the use of student information and the procedures WGU has established in accordance with FERPA, please see the  WGU Student Handbook .
Students who do not wish to be listed in the student directory or to be included on WGU mailing lists may send their request via email to  unsubscribe@wgu.edu .
FREE $65 APPLICATION CODE
Send me more information about WGU and a $65 application fee waiver code.
By submitting you will receive emails from WGU and can opt-out at any time.
THANKS FOR SIGNING UP!
We're emailing you the app fee waiver code and other information about getting your degree from WGU.
Have questions about applying?
Get application help from an Enrollment Counselor.
Complete a request for more info and we'll contact you shortly.
