Your privacy is important to us.
We care about your privacy. We comply fully with federal legislation and have used the principles of Schedule 1 of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA) to create this privacy policy.
Start.ca ("us", "we", or "our") provides internet, digital phone and television services (the "Service").
This privacy policy tells you of the different ways Start.ca may use, collect or store your personal information when you use our Service.
What personal information do we collect and how do we use it?
We are committed to providing our customers ("you", "your" or "them") with exceptional service. Providing exceptional service may involve the collection and use of your personal information, such as your name, email address, home address and phone number.
Protecting your personal information is one of our highest priorities. We have strengthened our commitment to respecting your privacy while complying with all laws regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. As part of this commitment, we will tell you why and how we collect, use and disclose personal information; we will obtain your consent as required; and we will handle personal information according to applicable law.
Our privacy commitment includes ensuring the accuracy, confidentiality, and security of your personal information while allowing you to request access to, and correction of, this information.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
We will only collect the personal information necessary to fulfill the following purposes:
To verify identity;
To ensure you receive a high standard of service;
To meet regulatory requirements;
Other legal reasons as apply to the goods and services requested;
To notify you of updates to our products and services.
We will get your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal information. You can provide consent orally, in writing, electronically or through an authorized representative. In some cases, we can do so without your consent (see below). You can withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice.
You provide implied consent where our purpose for collecting, using or disclosing your personal information would be considered obvious or reasonable in the circumstances.
We will not sell your personal information to other parties. We keep your personal information as long as necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or a legal or business purpose. We will make reasonable efforts to make sure your personal information is accurate and complete. You may ask us to correct your personal information to ensure it’s accurate and complete.
Collecting Information Without Consent
We may collect, use or disclose personal information without consent:
When required by law;
In an emergency that threatens an individual's life, health, or personal security;
When the personal information is available from a public source;
When we require legal advice from a lawyer;
For the purposes of collecting a debt or protection from fraud;
Other legally established reasons.
Internet traffic
We do not track the sites you visit and we do not track the content of your email messages unless required by law. We do however monitor our network to help detect failures or attacks, troubleshoot problems and determine areas that may need improvement or future expansion. If your personal information is gathered during this routine monitoring, it will be considered confidential and fall under this policy.
Collecting browser information when you visit our web site
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages that you visit on our own website, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
We may sometimes use third party services (such as Google Analytics) to collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our website’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies for how they use such information.
Cookies
"Cookies" are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive.
We use cookies to collect information. You can set up your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our website that rely on them to function. If you do not set up your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, your consent to our use of your personal information may be implied.
Behavioral remarketing
Start.ca uses remarketing services after you have visited our website to show you our advertising when you are on another website. In certain circumstances, you may be giving your implied consent if you do not set up your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is sent or if you do not opt out of Google Analytics or other services, as shown below.
Google
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.
You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950
To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads/#568137493302217
Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance.
You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ , or opt-out using your mobile device settings.
For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation .
Working with law enforcement
We will disclose your personal information when required to do so by law or subpoena; or if we believe this is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
We are committed to ensuring the security of your personal information and will use appropriate security measures when destroying your personal information, such as shredding documents or deleting electronically stored information, at our discretion.
Links to other sites
Our website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link (such as YouTube.com), you will be directed to that third party's site.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services. We advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
Privacy of minors
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18 (“Minor”). If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Minor has provided us with personal information, please contact us and we will remove that information from our servers.
Changes to this privacy policy
We may update our privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the updated policy on this page.
Contact us
Please contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@start.ca if you have any questions about this privacy policy.
Last updated: October 17, 2017
Close check availability modal
Where do you want service?
Type in your address to find out what services are available there.
Your Address
Start.ca Live Chat
Monday to Friday (8am - 6pm)
