Data Controller and Owner
PaleoHacks LLC, 311 West Third St, Suite 3991, Carson City, Nevada 89703
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Cookie, Usage Data, First Name, Last Name, Email and Username.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.
The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.
Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared through this Application and declares to have the right to communicate or broadcast them, thus relieving the Data Controller of all responsibility.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data. The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
The use of the collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Application to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Interaction with external social networks and platforms, Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting, Commercial affiliation, Content commenting, Contacting the User, Heat mapping, Registration and authentication, Analytics, RSS feed management, Managing email addresses and sending messages, Advertising, Interaction with online survey platforms and Displaying content from external platforms.
The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data
Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
Advertising
These services allow User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this Application, possibly based on User interests.
This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below.
Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this Application. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.
Google AdSense (Google)
Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google Inc. This service uses the "Doubleclick" Cookie, which tracks use of this Application and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.
Users may decide to disable all the Doubleclick Cookies by clicking on: google.com/settings/ads/onweb/optout?hl=en
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.
Display Advertising extension for Google Analytics (Google)
Google Analytics on this Application might use Google's Interest-based advertising, 3rd-party audience data and information from the DoubleClick Cookie to extend analytics with demographics, interests and ads interaction data.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Google AdWords conversion tracking (Google)
Google AdWords conversion tracking is an analytics service provided by Google, Inc. that connects data from the Google AdWords advertising network with actions performed on this Application.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Google Analytics (Google)
Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
KISSmetrics (KISSmetrics)
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Commercial affiliation
These services allow this Application to display advertisements for third party products or services. Ads can be displayed either as advertising links or as banners using various kinds of graphics.
Clicks on the icon or banner posted on the Application are tracked by the third-party services listed below, and are shared with this Application.
For details of which data are collected, please refer to the privacy policy of each service.
Amazon Affiliation (Amazon)
Amazon Affiliation is a commercial affiliation service provided by Amazon.com Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
ClickBank (Click Sales Inc.)
ClickBank is a banner commercial affiliation service provided by Click Sales Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
VigLink (VigLink, Inc.)
VigLink is a commercial affiliation service provided by VigLink, Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Contacting the User
Contact form (This Application)
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the Users authorizes this Application to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header.
Personal Data collected: Email, First Name and Last Name.
Mailing List or Newsletter (This Application)
By registering to the mailing list or to the newsletter, the User’s email address will be added to the contact list of those who may receive email messages containing information of commercial or promotional nature concerning this
Application. Your email address might also be added to this list as a result of signing up to this Application or after performing a purchase.
Personal Data collected: Email and First Name.
Content commenting
Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of this Application.
Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments.
If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when users do not use the content commenting service.
Comment system managed directly (This Application)
This Application has its own internal content comment system.
Personal Data collected: Email, First Name and Last Name.
Facebook Comments (Facebook)
Facebook Comments is a content commenting service provided by Facebook Inc. enabling the User to leave comments and share them on the Facebook platform.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Displaying content from external platforms
These services allow you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of this Application and interact with them.
If a service of this kind is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when users do not use it.
Youtube video widget (Google)
Youtube is a video content visualization service provided by Google Inc. that allows this Application to incorporate content of this kind on its pages.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Heat mapping
Heat Mapping services are used to display the areas of a page where Users most frequently move the mouse or click. This shows where the points of interest are. These services make it possible to monitor and analyze web traffic and keep track of User behavior.
Crazyegg (Crazyegg)
Crazyegg is a heat mapping service provided by Crazy Egg Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Interaction with external social networks and platforms
These services allow interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
The interaction and information obtained by this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.
If a service enabling interaction with social networks is installed it may still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.
AddThis (Addthis Inc.)
AddThis is a service provided by Clearspring Technologies Inc., which displays a widget that allows interaction with social networks and external platforms as well as sharing the contents of this Application.
Depending on the configuration, this service can display widgets belonging to third parties such as the managers of social networks where interactions are shared. In this case, also the third parties that provide the widget will be informed of interactions and Usage Data on the pages where this service is installed.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Facebook Like button and social widgets (Facebook)
The Facebook Like button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Facebook social network provided by Facebook Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Google+ +1 button and social widgets (Google)
The Google+ +1 button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Google+ social network provided by Google Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Pinterest "Pin it" button and social widgets (Pinterest)
The Pinterest "Pin it" button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Pinterest platform provided by Pinterest Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter)
The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter Inc.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Interaction with online survey platforms
These services allow Users to interact with third party online survey platforms directly from the pages of this Application.
If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and usage data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service.
Qualaroo Widget (Qualaroo)
The Qualaroo Widget is a service for interacting with the Qualaroo online survey platform provided by Qualaroo Inc.
Personal Data collected: Usage Data.
Place of processing : USA — Privacy Policy
Managing email addresses and sending messages
These services make it possible to manage a database of email contacts to communicate with the User via email. The services are used to collect data concerning the date and time when the mail is viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacts with incoming mail, such as by clicking on links included in the email.
GetResponse (Implix Sp. z o.o.)
GetResponse is an email address management and message sending service provided by Implix Sp. z o.o.
Personal Data collected: Email.
Sendgrid (Sendgrid)
Sendgrid is an email address management and message sending service provided by Sendgrid Inc.
Personal Data collected: Email.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Direct registration (This Application)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Personal Data collected: Email and Username.
Facebook Authentication (Facebook)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data collected: Various types of Data.
Google OAuth (Google)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data collected: Various types of Data.
Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting
These services allow this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
AdWords Remarketing (Google)
AdWords Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google)
Google Analytics for Display Advertising is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Registration and authentication
By registering or authenticating, Users allow this Application to identify them and give them access to dedicated services.
Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, this Application will be able to access some Data, stored by these third party services, for registration or identification purposes.
Direct registration (This Application)
The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to this Application.
Personal Data collected: Email and Username.
Facebook Authentication (Facebook)
Facebook Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Facebook Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network.
Personal Data collected: Various types of Data.
Google OAuth (Google)
Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google Inc. and is connected to the Google network.
Personal Data collected: Various types of Data.
Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting
These services allow this Application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this Application by the User.
This activity is performed by tracking Usage Data and by using Cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.
AdWords Remarketing (Google)
AdWords Remarketing is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the activity of this Application with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Remarketing through Google Analytics for Display Advertising (Google)
Google Analytics for Display Advertising is a Remarketing and Behavioral Targeting service provided by Google Inc. that connects the tracking activity performed by Google Analytics and its Cookies with the Adwords advertising network and the Doubleclick Cookie.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
RSS feed management
These services allow this Application to manage RSS feeds and the distribution of their content. Depending on the characteristics of the service used, these services may be used to insert ads within the content and to gather statistics data from them.
Feedburner (Google)
Feedburner is a service to manage RSS feeds provided by Google Inc. It allows the collection of statistics on what content is consumed and to insert ads in it.
Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal Action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.
The User is aware of the fact that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support "Do Not Track" requests.
To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the "Do Not Track" requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller erase the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda's servers.
Definitions and legal references
Personal Data (or Data)
Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number.
Usage Data
Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application ), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment.
User
The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refer.
Data Subject
The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers to.
Data Processor (or Data Supervisor)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy.
Data Controller (or Owner)
The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application.
This Application
The hardware or software tool by which the Personal Data of the User is collected.
Cookie
Legal information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies.
This privacy policy relates solely to this Application.
Spam
What is spam?
In the context of electronic messaging, spam refers to unsolicited, bulk or indiscriminate messages, typically sent for a commercial purpose.
Paleohacks has a zero-tolerance spam policy.
Automated spam filtering
Paleohacks' messaging systems automatically scan all incoming email [and other] messages, and filter-out messages that appear to be spam.
Problems with spam filtering
No message filtering system is 100% accurate, and from time to time legitimate messages will be filtered-out by Paleohacks systems.
If you believe this has happened to a message you have sent, please advise the message recipient by another means.
You can reduce the risk of a message being caught by the spam filters by sending the message in plain text (i.e. no HTML), removing any attachments, and ensuring that your messages are scanned for malware before dispatch.
Receipt of unwanted messages from Paleohacks
In the unlikely event that you receive any message from Paleohacks or sent using Paleohacks systems that may be considered to be spam, please contact Paleohacks using the details below and the matter will be investigated.
Receipt of unwanted messages from Paleohacks
In the unlikely event that you receive any message from Paleohacks or sent using Paleohacks systems that may be considered to be spam, please contact Paleohacks using the details below and the matter will be investigated.
Changes to this anti-spam policy
Paleohacks may amend this anti-spam policy at any time by publishing a new version on this website.
Contact us
Should you have any questions about this anti-spam policy, please contact Paleohacks using the details set out below:
support@paleohacks.com
Get FREE instant access to our
Paleo For Beginners Guide & 15 FREE Recipes!
Paleo for Beginners
The 3 worst Foods You Should NEVER Eat
2 Best Foods For Maximum Fat Loss (You're probably NOT eating these)
15 Delicious Paleo Recipes, Including Desserts (Candied Bacon, anyone?)
We Respect Your Email Privacy
