Last Modified: May 24, 2018
Your privacy and your trust is of the utmost importance to us. Everalbum, Inc. (“Ever”) is focused on delivering the best service to you and keeping your information as private as possible. This Privacy Policy will help to explain how we maintain this longstanding commitment to our users.
The Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users can access the Everalbum, Inc. service (the "Ever Service") through our website, www.ever.com, through our applications on Devices, through APIs, and through third-parties. (A "Device" is any computer used to access the Ever Service, such as a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device.) This Privacy Policy governs your use of the Ever Service, regardless of how you access it. By using our Service, you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure, and other uses described in this Privacy Policy.
The goal of this Privacy Policy is to be as clear as possible with you, but if you have any questions, please reach out to us at [email protected]
HOW WE COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION
We may collect and store the following personal information when running the Ever Service:
Information You Provide. When you register an account, we collect and store on our servers some of the personal information that you gave us, such as your name, phone number, email address, and home and business postal addresses. You may also provide us with your contacts' email addresses, phone numbers, or other contact information if you choose to do that when sharing folders or files with them through the Service. We similarly may receive personal information about you (including, for example, your email address or phone number) from other users, for example if they have tried to share something with you or tried to refer Ever to you.
Files and Content. To provide you with the Ever Service, we collect and store the files, photos, videos, or other content you upload, download, or access with the Ever Service ("Files"). Those are your Files. We do not share or disclose them to any third parties, unless you explicitly request that we share them through the “Share” feature in the Service.
If you add a File to your account that has been previously uploaded by you or another user, we may associate all or a portion of the previous File with your account rather than storing a duplicate. When you share or tag Files to the Service, we also collect information about the Files, such as the time, date, and location a photo or content was taken or uploaded (also known as metadata), and how you use the Files, who views them, or with whom you share them. To organize your Files and to enable you to share them with the right people, Ever uses facial recognition technologies as part of the Service. Your Files may be used to help improve and train our products and these technologies. They are not shared with or provided to third parties. 
Address Book Information. With your permission, Ever may access the contact list available on your mobile device or in your email accounts to allow you to share files or folders with your friends, or to invite them to join the Ever Service. When you invite others to join Ever by using our referral page, we send a one-time text message on your behalf to that person. You can share Files or folders with friends from the Ever Service in a variety of ways, including via text or email (sent by Ever or by your native device program), on social media, or through messaging services. Please understand that we do not use your contact list information for any purpose other than to send invitations or messages on your behalf and with your explicit consent. We also do not store your address book information on our servers.
Third Party Site Information. When you connect the Ever Service to your social media accounts or to third-party sites or services, like Facebook, Instagram, Amazon, Dropbox, and others, we may receive information from those services, including your profile information, photos and videos, friends and contact lists, user name, user ID associated with your third-party account, age range, language, country, and any other information that you choose to permit those companies to share with third parties like us. The data we receive is dependent upon your privacy settings with the third-party site; rest assured that we will not post information about you on third-party social media sites without your consent—in other words, we won’t do that unless you tell us to do that. You should always review and, if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Service.  
We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide you with the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, and to permit you to communicate with others on the Service or on social media, or to invite others to see your photos or to join the Service.  We may also use information about your activities on the Service to provide personalized content, including targeted advertising.  We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, change or updates to features of the Service, or technical and security notices).  For more information about your communication preferences, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.
Information We Collect Automatically. When you visit our website or use our mobile apps, we and our third-party business partners may collect certain information about your computer or device through technologies such as cookies, web beacons, log files, or other tracking/recording tools. The information we collect through the use of these technologies includes, but is not limited to, IP address, browser information, referring/exit pages and URLs, click stream data and information about how you interact with links on the website, mobile app, or Service, domain names, landing pages, page views, cookie data that allows us to uniquely identify your browser and track your browsing behavior on our site, and other persistent identifiers. Some or all of this data may be combined with other personally identifying information described above.
When you access our Service by or through a mobile device, we may also receive or collect the identification numbers associated with your device or our mobile application (including, for example, a UDID, Unique ID for Advertisers (“IDFA”), Google Ad ID, or Windows Advertising ID or other identifier), mobile carrier, device type, model and manufacturer, mobile device operating system brand and model, and, potentially, depending on your mobile device settings, your geographical location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude), WiFi location, or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. We may use this information to: (i) Remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site or mobile app; (ii) monitor the effectiveness of our Service and our marketing campaigns; (iii) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising; (iv) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, users, traffic, and demographic patterns; (v) diagnose or fix technology problems; and (vi) automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices.
We may also collect, or use third-party analytics tools to collect, aggregated analytics data to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These third-party tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service. Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our users, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
Your Use. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information that you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you. Please consider carefully what information you disclose in your profile page and your desired level of anonymity. You can review and revise your profile information at any time, through your account settings. We may also share or disclose your information with your consent, for example, if you use a third-party application to access your account (see below). Through certain features of the Service, you may also have the ability to make some of your information public. Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated, so, again, make sure you are comfortable sharing that information before choosing to make it public.
Service Providers, Business Partners and Others. We may use certain trusted third-party companies and individuals to help us provide, store, analyze, and improve the Service (including, but not limited to, data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Service’s features). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell or rent your personal information or your Files to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes. As of the date this policy went into effect, we use Amazon Web Services and Google Cloud Storage to store your information (for example, your Files).
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests. We may disclose information about you that we collect when we have a good faith belief that disclosure to third parties is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with a law, regulation, or compulsory legal request; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of Ever, its users, or others; or (d) to protect Ever’s property rights. If we provide your Files to a law enforcement agency as set forth above, we will remove Ever’s encryption from the files before providing them to law enforcement. Ever will not, however, be able to decrypt any Files that you encrypted prior to storing them on Ever.
Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will use our best efforts to ensure that you are notified (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control that affects your Personal Information or Files, or if either become subject to a different privacy policy, and of any choices you may have regarding your information.
Anonymized or Non-Personal Information. We may disclose information with others in an aggregated or anonymous form that does not reasonably identify you as an individual or that cannot be linked to you as an individual.
YOUR CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
Accessing and Modifying Your Information and Settings. You may modify your account information, update or correct your personal information, control in-app notifications, or change your password at any time by logging in to your account or contacting us at [email protected] You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, change or updates to features of the Service, or technical and security notices). If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, or if you would like to be able to see what information about you that we have, please contact us directly at [email protected]
Deletion and Data Storage. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with the Ever Service. If you wish to deactivate your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, you can do that via your account settings, or you can email us at [email protected] Please understand that we may need to retain and use your information for a certain period of time to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your information as soon as possible upon request. Please note, however, that there might be latency in deleting information from our servers and backed-up versions might exist after deletion. In addition, while we will delete requested Files from your account, we do not delete from our servers Files that you have in common with other users.
Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country in which Ever or our subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities.  If you are located in the European Union or another region with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction (including the U.S.) that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Ever or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates, or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. 
Security. Ever cares deeply about the security of your information and your Files. We use a number of industry-standard physical, administrative, and technological safeguards to protect the integrity and security of all information we collect, and we are constantly working to improve our system and the security measures we have in place. No security system is impenetrable, however, and we cannot 100% guarantee the security of our systems. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will promptly take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and take other actions, in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including, where appropriate, notifying those individuals whose information may have been compromised.
Children. Our Services are not directed to persons under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [email protected] If we become aware that a child under the relevant age has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [email protected] , or send mail to:
Everalbum, Inc.
Attention:  Privacy
San Francisco, CA 94129
 
