Search for:
Wear & Hear Web Site Privacy Policy
Alango Technologies, Ltd. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Wear & Hear Web site (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection and Use
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name (“Personal Information”).
Log Data
Like many site developers, we collect information that your device sends whenever you visit our Site (“Log Data”).
This Log Data may include information such as your device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device type, device version, the pages of our Site that you view, the time and date of your Site use, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
Communications
We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters or other information that we feel is relevant to obtaining optimum benefits from the Site.
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a Web site and stored on your computer’s hard drive.
 
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of mobile or WiFi transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of March 29, 2017 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our Web site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us, using any of the methods listed below.
Contact Us
Wear & Hear, a concept of the future by Alango Technologies, Ltd.
2 Etgar St., PO Box 62
General Inquiries
For more information about our assistive hearing products, please complete the form below.
Where to Buy BeHear®
The BeHear headphones are currently undergoing beta testing and are scheduled for release shortly. To pre-order this product, join our mailing list and we will send you updates regarding the product availability.
Cape Town, S. Africa - Oct. 28-31, 2018, Booth #62
© 2002-2018 Alango Technologies, Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
