Independent Discounts Privacy Policy
discountcode.independent.ie values your privacy and is dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when using our website or communicating electronically with us.  By using discountcode.independent.ie you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms please do not continue using discountcode.independent.ie.
Who we are
This service is hosted and operated by Invitation Digital Limited (IDL) under a commercial agreement with Independent News & Media (INM), which permits IDL to use INM's logos, names and trademarks under licence to market the service.
Information we get when you use our service
Your redemption information: When you use discountcode.independent.ie we will collect information about how you use our site.  For example, when you redeem a voucher we’ll record details of the offer, the date and time and the device you’ve redeemed it on.
Information you provide on our partners' websites: You may find links to third party websites on our website. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the activities of such third-party websites or any association with their operators. This Privacy Policy only applies to the personal information that we collect or which we receive from third party sources, and we cannot be responsible for personal information about you that is collected and stored by third parties. These websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them.
How your information is used
To optimise our content: One of the main ways we use your redemption information is to monitor which offers are being used so we can optimise our offers.
Directly communicating with discountcode.independent.ie: When you send email or other communication to discountcode.independent.ie, we may retain the  communication in order to serve you.
To personalise the content you receive: By collecting data on your activities on our website we’ll be able to better  understand the types of offers that you’re interested. We’ll then present the most relevant offers for you on our website.
To provide a better experience: Our use of cookies and other similar technologies enables us to remember information about you when you visit our site. We use this to improve your experience by doing things like showing you adverts for offers that you’ve previously searched. We also use your data for the improvement and maintenance of our website and to provide technical support for our website. We also use your data to evaluate your visit to the website and prepare reports or compile statistics to understand the type of people who use our website, how they use our website and to make our website more intuitive. Such details will be anonymised as far as reasonably possible and you will not be identifiable from the information collected.
To provide insight: Our use of technologies, including Segment.io and Google Analytics enables us to gather statistical information about how people use our site and application.  As well as using this to improve what we do, we also share it with the brands we work with to give them feedback. The information we share will not identify you personally,  it is statistical data and does not identify any personal details whatsoever.
Cookies and similar technologies
Some pages on our website use cookies, which are small files placed on your internet browser when you visit our website. We use cookies in order to offer you a more tailored experience in the future, by understanding and remembering your particular browsing preferences.
What cookies do we use?
Functional Cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website and those that personalise your experience on the site.
Analytical/performance cookies: They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Targeting cookies: These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Advertising cookies: these cookies are used to display tailored advertisements on this Website or on those of third parties. They may collect a de-identified, non-human readable version of your email address for matching to other data about you to improve the relevance of online advertising and may also collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
How do I change my cookie settings?
Most web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org .
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites visit tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
To find out more or opt out of LiveRamp across all websites visit: https://liveramp.uk/cookies-101/
You block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Where we do use cookies on your website, you may block these at any time. To do so, you can activate the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may not be able to access all or parts of our website or to use all the functionality provided through our website.
Changes to this Policy
discountcode.independent.ie reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy. Any changes we make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us .
The practices described in this Privacy Policy statement are current as of 25/05/2018.
Browse by Store
