Use of Cookies
By navigating on the Forever 21 website, you agree to our use of cookies during your browsing experience. Learn more about our cookies policy here .
Free Standard Shipping offer valid from September 13, 2018 12:00 am PST through 11:59 pm PST. Eligible customers must and select Standard Shipping during checkout in order to receive free standard shipping. Cannot be combined with any other offer. Not valid on gift card purchases.  No adjustments on previous purchases. Valid on standard U.S. ground shipping in the 48 continental U.S. states only. Not valid on international shipments or to Alaska, Hawaii, U.S. territories, P.O. Boxes, and APO/FPO addresses. If you choose another shipping option, additional charges will apply. Offer is nontransferable and subject to change without notice.
Download the Forever 21 Mobile Application (“Forever 21 App”) and receive 10% off your first purchase from September 6, 2018- September 13, 2018. Offer valid for first time Forever 21 App subscribers only. To redeem, enter promo code APP10SEPT at checkout on the Forever 21 App. Valid for one time use only. Offer cannot be combined with any other promotion, offer, or discount. Not valid on the purchase of gift cards or e-gift cards, Core Basics, taxes, shipping and handling charges. No adjustments on previous purchases. Not redeemable for cash or cash equivalent. Nothing stated herein will affect customer’s legal rights. Forever 21 reserves the right to modify or cancel this promotion at any time without notice.
Back to Privacy Policy (Updated September 1, 2017)
YOUR PRIVACY AND THE SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS VERY IMPORTANT TO US
Forever 21, Inc., and its U.S. and Canadian retail affiliates, Forever 21 Retail, Inc. and Forever XXI, ULC (collectively, "Forever 21"), value our customers and visitors to our Websites and respect your concerns about the privacy of your personal information and data security. Our Privacy and Security Policy (the "Privacy Policy") is intended to protect your privacy and provide you with a safe and secure experience in fashion, style and shopping. This Privacy Policy applies to our Websites hosted in the United States and Canada, namely, www.forever21.com and http://canada.forever21.com (collectively, the "Websites"), and to our fashion marketing and sales activities, including sales through our store locations, in the United States and Canada under our brands Forever 21, Fashion 21, XXI, XXI Forever, Love 21, Love & Beauty, Life in Progress, For Love 21, 21 Men, and F21 Red. This Privacy Policy protects consumers providing information through our Websites and stores and is not designed to protect business information. By using our Websites or providing information to us at our stores, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information. In addition to reviewing our Privacy Policy, you should also read our Terms of Use for our Websites. Your use of our Websites constitutes your agreement to its terms and conditions.
OUR PRIVACY POLICY WILL CHANGE OVER TIME
Because we continue to develop our Websites and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, our policies will change over time. We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy from time to time to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices. If you are a registered user of our Websites, we may notify you by email of material changes to our Privacy Policy using the most current email address you have provided to us. Your continued access and use of our Websites will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to our Privacy Policy.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY ADDRESSES THE FOLLOWING:
Information that we collect about you.
Cookies and other tracking technology that we use.
What we do with the information that we collect.
With whom we share the information we collect.
Our opt-out policy.
Our policy on correcting and updating Personal Information, making a complaint about our handling of your Personal Information, and deactivation of your account.
Miscellaneous.
SUMMARY OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains and summarizes how we collect, use and protect your personal information as you interact with us online and through our customer and technical support. This Privacy Policy explains:
What information Forever 21 gathers from users of our Websites.
How Forever 21 uses the personal information that you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship.
How Forever 21 uses "cookies" and "IP Addresses."
What personal information, if any, Forever 21 may share about you with others and the conditions that protect your information if it must be shared.
What kind of security measures Forever 21 takes to protect your information from loss or disclosure and how Forever 21 will inform you in the event of a security breach.
The circumstances under which you can access your personal information you have shared with Forever 21 and have that information corrected, restrict Forever 21's use of that information, and even have it removed from our records.
THE TYPE OF INFORMATION OUR WEBSITES AND STORES COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Forever 21 collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our Websites or shopping at our stores. We receive and store information you enter on our Websites, provide to us at our stores, or give to us in any other way. For example, you may provide information to us when you make an in-store purchase, register with our Websites, sign-in, search or add items to your shopping cart, purchase an item, participate in a survey, contest or promotion, apply for a job, request to receive our marketing materials, or communicate with Forever 21's customer service. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your name, address, phone number, email address, financial and debit or credit card information, and personal shopping and product preferences. In applying for a job with us, you may provide to us your name, address, phone number, email address, previous work experience, references and other personal information about your background and experience.
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider, please click here.
We do not respond to 'do not track' signals or similar mechanisms. Third-party service providers keep track of your browsing activities on our Websites, which enable us to target advertising based on your browsing history and preferences. You can learn more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them, or opt-out of third party tracking mechanisms by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative website, by clicking here.
Our social media tools, such as the Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, Pinterest, and Google Plus widgets, are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your activity with these tools is governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
HOW FOREVER 21 USES INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
We use information we have collected about you to provide you with the very best shopping experience, the most current fashion clothing and accessories, and personal style news. We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason. We do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties, or to our affiliates, who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so.
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction you authorized or perform some other activity you have asked us to do.
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates of Forever 21 with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf, for example for product and service fulfillment or for marketing purposes. All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the personal information we provide to them confidential and to use the personal information we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform.
We may disclose personal information about our customers as permitted or required by law, such as in connection with a subpoena or similar legal process, or in connection with a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy, as discussed further below. We may disclose information about you to protect against fraud and other crimes and to enforce our contracts with you.
We try to provide you with the information you need to make informed reasonable choices with respect to how our Websites use or share your information. Forever 21 collects and uses personal information from you in several ways:
Website usage. Forever 21 or Forever 21's authorized service providers may observe activities, preferences and transactional data (such as your IP address, browser type and operating system) relating to your use of our Websites. We may use this collected or logged information in order to provide better service, to facilitate our customers' use of the website, to track usage of the website, and to address security hazards. Forever 21, or one of Forever 21's authorized service providers, may use this information to track aggregate traffic patterns throughout our Websites for Forever 21's internal analysis.
Online transactions. We collect information about you when you shop on our website. You may visit our site without registering, but if you wish to add merchandise to your shopping cart, save your debit or credit card information with us online, create a wish list or use other special features offered on our site, you may need to provide us with certain information, including your name, address, phone number, financial information, and email address, to open an account with us. We will assist you in creating a user id and a password to protect your account information. Similarly, if you wish to apply online for a job position with us, you will be required to submit relevant information about your background and experience.
Store transactions. We collect information about you when you purchase merchandise in our stores or sign-up in our stores to receive our marketing materials or apply for a job.
Mobile text messaging. If you provide us with your mobile phone number and give us your consent, you will receive promotional alerts and marketing text messages from or on behalf of Forever 21. Your consent is not a condition of a purchase. If you consent to receiving text messages from Forever 21, message and data rates may apply depending on your carrier.
YOUR CONTACT PREFERENCES AND OPT-OUT CHOICES
To update your subscription preferences, you may contact us using one of the following methods:
To unsubscribe from our direct mailing list, fill out the form here with the words “DIRECT MAIL OPT OUT” in the message box.
To unsubscribe from our email marketing list, click the “UNSUBSCRIBE” link at the bottom of a marketing email that you receive from Forever 21.
To opt-out of mobile text messaging, reply "STOP" to a text message and you will receive a confirmation message.
Or, call Customer Service toll free at 1-888-494-3837 (EVER).
Please note that direct mail requests may take up to six to eight weeks to become effective.
OUR SECURITY PRACTICES
Our internal data security policies restrict access to customers' personal information to authorized employees. Authorized employees may use our customers' personal information for Forever 21 business purposes only. Our employees are bound by Forever 21 policies that require them to maintain the confidentiality of our customers' personal information. Employees who violate these requirements are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers' personal information. For example, for the security of your online visit to our Websites, we may make use of firewall barriers, encryption techniques and/or authentication procedures. Any personal information you save on our Website through your online account, including your debit or credit card, and other financial information, will be stored on secure designated servers, accessible only to those who require it in order to process your order and payment. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Forever 21 cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your personal information, we will notify you as necessary and to the extent possible so you can take appropriate protective steps. Unless you indicate otherwise, we may notify you under such circumstances using the email address you provided to us when you registered with our Websites.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DO OUR WEBSITES USE THEM?
We may use "cookies" to collect or log certain information. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website stores on a personal computer and which it can later retrieve. We may use cookies for some administrative purposes, for example, to store our customers' preferences for certain kinds of products or to store a password so that you do not have to input it every time you visit our website. We may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests. To opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising, click here. The cookies will not contain information that will enable anyone to contact our customers via telephone, email, or any other means. If our customers are uncomfortable with the use of cookie technology, they can set their browsers to refuse cookies. Certain of our services, however, could be dependent on cookies and our customers may disable those services by refusing cookies.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES AND WEBSITES CONTAINING OUR WEBSITES BRANDING
Our Websites may contain links to third party sites. Please be aware, however, that Forever 21 is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy policies of these other sites or their practices. We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other sites, as they may differ from ours. This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by Forever 21.
CONTACT PREFERENCES AND ACCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You have choices when it comes to how Forever 21 uses your personal information. When you register online with our Websites or sign-up in our stores, you can choose not to receive information about merchandise, services and special promotional offers from us by direct mail, email, and/or mobile text message (i.e., SMS and MMS). If you elect not to receive such product marketing information by direct mail or email, Forever 21 may continue to contact you as necessary to service your account and process your transactions. You can change your preferences by following the instructions for opting out at the end of the marketing email, or by following the instructions for Account Information on the Websites or by contacting Customer Service here, or calling in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 (EVER) (-Toll Free).
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important so we can provide you with excellent service. If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please follow the instructions for My Account on our Websites to correct or update your account information online, or you may contact Customer Service here. or call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 (EVER) (-Toll Free).
You can login to your account on our Websites if you want to review or change the information you provide to us. You may also contact us at 1-888-494-3837 (EVER) (-Toll Free) to review or request any changes to your account or to the information you provide to us.
If you need additional assistance or wish more information about our privacy practices, please call in the U.S. or Canada 1-888-494-3837 (EVER) (-Toll Free) and ask to speak to our Legal Department.
THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES TO U.S. AND CANADIAN CUSTOMERS
Our Websites are hosted in the United States and are intended for United States and Canadian visitors.
This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States and Canada. Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors outside the United States and Canada. Like almost every website, our Websites may be accessed by an international audience. If you are a non-U.S. visitor to our website, by visiting our website and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. In addition, such data may be stored on servers located in the United States, which may have less stringent privacy practices than those your own resident jurisdiction. By providing us with your data, you consent to transfer of such data.
YOUR CALIORNIA PRIACY RIGHTS
Forever 21 collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our Websites or shopping at our stores, as described in this Privacy Policy. Under California law, Once a year, Forever 21 customers who are California residents may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes. Forever 21 does not disclose any personal information to unaffiliated third parties for these purposes.
To request your personal information under California Law, please contact us via the following methods, using “California Privacy Rights” as the heading:
Write to Forever 21 at the following address: 3880 N. Mission Rd., Los Angeles, CA 90031; or
Fill out the Customer Service form here .
MERGERS, ACQUISITIONS AND BANKRUPTCY
If Forever 21 should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if Forever 21 should decide to buy another business, or sell or reorganize part or all of Forever 21's business, Forever 21 may be required to disclose your personal information to prospective or actual purchasers and other parties. It is Forever 21's practice to obtain appropriate protections for information disclosed in these types of transactions. Forever 21 cannot, however, guarantee that Forever 21's Privacy Policy will remain unchanged if Forever 21 is sold or merges with another company.
OUR WEBSITES ARE NOT FOR USE BY CHILDREN
Children are not eligible to use our Websites. We ask that minors (under the age of 18) only use our Websites in conjunction with your parents or guardians. Children under 13 years of age should not send any information about themselves to Forever 21. If a child under 13 submits information through any part of our Websites, and Forever 21 becomes aware that the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. Because we do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under 13, we do not use or disclose such information to third parties.
WHAT ELSE SHOULD I KNOW ABOUT MY PRIVACY?
You should be careful to maintain the secrecy of your passwords and/or account information and be responsible about protecting your personal information and identity whenever you are online.
TRADEMARK NOTICE
Forever 21, Fashion 21, XXI, XXI Forever, Love 21, Love & Beauty, Life in Progress, For Love 21, 21 Men, F21 Red, and www.forever21.com and http://canada.forever21.com are tradenames and/or trademarks of Forever 21, Inc. and its affiliates.
Forever21.com
Canada.forever21.com
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Forever 21 Web Site (the 'Site'). Please review the following basic terms that govern your use of and purchase of products from our Site.          Please note that your use of our Site constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by those terms (the 'Agreement').
GENERAL
We may from time to time change the terms that govern your use of our Site. Your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the terms as changed. We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time.
USE RESTRICTIONS
You understand and accept that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, audio, video, message or other material appearing on this Site (collectively, 'Content') are owned by Forever21 or its licensors. You are expressly prohibited from using any Content without the express written consent of Forever21 or its licensors. Except as otherwise stated herein, none of the material may be reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or copied in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of Forever21, and/or the appropriate licensor. Permission is hereby granted to display, copy, distribute, and download the materials on this Site solely for personal, non-commercial use provided that you make no modifications to the materials and that all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials are retained. You may not, without Forever21's express written permission, 'mirror' any material contained on this Site or any other server. Any permission granted herein terminates automatically without further notice if you breach any of the above terms. Upon such termination, you agree to immediately destroy any downloaded and/or printed materials. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate domestic and/or international copyright laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
TRADEMARKS
'FOREVER21' is a registered trademark, service mark, and/or trade name of Forever21. All other trademarks, service marks, and trade names contained in the Site are the properties of the respective owners. Forever21 disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks, service marks and trade names other than its own. No use of these marks may be made without the prior written authorization of Forever21, except as necessary to accurately identify the products or services of Forever21.
USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK, POSTCARDS AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
All comments, feedback, postcards, suggestions, ideas, images, photographs, video clips, audio clips, graphics, tags, data, materials, information and other submissions disclosed, submitted or offered to Forever 21 or included with any hashtags provided by Forever 21, on or by this Site or otherwise disclosed, submitted or offered in connection with your use of this Site (collectively, 'User Content') shall be and remain Forever 21's property. Such disclosure, submission or offer of any User Content shall constitute an assignment to Forever 21 of all worldwide rights, titles and interests in all copyrights and other intellectual properties in the User Content. Thus, Forever 21 will own exclusively all such rights, titles and interests and shall not be limited in any way in its use or modifications to the submission, commercial or otherwise, of any User Content. Forever 21 is not and shall not be under any obligation (1) to maintain any User Content in confidence; (2) to pay to user any compensation for any User Content; (3) to credit or acknowledge any user for User Content; or (4) to respond to any User Content. You agree that User Content submitted by you to the Site will not violate the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You further agree that User Content submitted by you to the Site will not be and will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material in Forever 21’s sole discretion. You are and shall remain solely responsible for any User Content you submit on the Site. You agree that Forever 21 may use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of the Site in any manner that does not reveal your identity. By participating in Site sweepstakes, contests, promotions, and/or requesting promotional information or product updates, you agree that Forever 21 may use your information for marketing and promotional purposes.
FOREVER 21'S COMMUNICATIONS TO YOU
You agree that Forever 21 may send electronic mail to you for the purpose of advising you of changes or additions to this Site, about any of Forever 21's products or services, or for such other purpose(s) as Forever 21 deems appropriate.
CONTENTS/PROMOTIONS
Any contests or promotions described or posted on this Site shall be governed by the rules regulating such event.
PRODUCT INFORMATION
Most Forever 21 products displayed at the Site are available in select Forever 21 stores while supplies last. In some cases, merchandise displayed for sale at the Site may not be available in Forever 21 stores. The prices displayed at the Site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
COLORS
We have made every effort to display, as accurately as possible, the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
To the extent that this Site contains links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which Forever 21 does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link thereto, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource.
DISCLAIMER
THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS' BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT FOREVER 21 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
INACCURACY DISCLAIMER
From time to time there may be information on Forever21.com that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order). If you are not completely satisfied with your Forever 21.com purchase, you may return it with your invoice to any Forever 21 store or by mail. Please see our Return Policy for details.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Forever 21 harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Site.
TERMINATION
This Agreement is effective unless and until terminated by either you or Forever 21. You may terminate this Agreement at any time. Forever 21 also may terminate this Agreement at any time and may do so immediately without notice, and accordingly, deny you access to the Site, if in Forever 21's sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of this Agreement. Upon any termination of this Agreement by either you or Forever 21, you must promptly destroy all materials, downloaded or otherwise, obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this Agreement or otherwise.
F21 PROMO ALERTS – MOBILE TERMS AND CONDITIONS
To opt in to Forever 21’s mobile text messaging services, text "F21" to 38056. After an initial confirmation SMS message, you will receive 5 SMS messages per month. We may use autodialer or non-autodialer technology to send the SMS messages to the mobile phone number you supply when you opt in. Message and Data Rates May Apply.
To stop a service at any time, reply STOP to 38056. Once your telephone number is removed from our system, you will receive a final confirmation message and no further messages will be sent to your cell phone or mobile device. To request more information, reply HELP to any message.
No remuneration is implied or offered. News and data delivered are believed to be accurate at the time of delivery. For Support call +1 (888)494-3837. The mobile operators participating in this campaign are AT&T, T-Mobile®, Verizon Wireless, Sprint, Boost, Alltel, U.S. Cellular, Cellular One, MetroPCS, InterOp, Cellular Com, C Spire Wireless, Cricket, Virgin Mobile, and Cincinnati Bell. If your mobile operator is not participating, you will not receive a reply to your messages. Some operators may not support some services at the prices offered. Pre-paid users may not be able to participate – Check with your mobile operator. Forever 21 respects your right to privacy. Click here to review our Privacy Policy.
SUPPORT
PRIVACY
Privacy statement We take great precautions to keep the information you share with us safe and private. We will not sell or give your personal information to other marketers without your express consent. However, from time to time, we would like your permission to send you sneak previews of new products, or personalized offers or tips. You will be receiving these offers or tips only if you choose to opt-in to these services. We also may ask for comments on how to improve our products or programs. In order to do so, your information may be securely shared with our agencies, who perform these services on our behalf, or safely stored in countries other than where collected. You can easily stop this type of communication at any time by contacting us at +1 (888)494-3837.
Forever 21, Inc.
Privacy Shield Notice
Back to Privacy Policy (Effective Date: September 25, 2017)
Forever 21, Inc. ("Forever 21", "we", "us") adheres to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles with respect to personal data of residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and Switzerland that we receive in reliance on the Privacy Shield from EEA and Swiss residents who use our websites, mobile sites and mobile applications (“EEA and Swiss Users” or “you”) and companies in the EEA. We registered for the Privacy Shield list maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list. All U.S. entities and subsidiaries listed in our Privacy Shield certification record, accessible here , also adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles.
This Notice does not apply to data that we collect from other jurisdictions; we cover such data in other, separate notices.
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We may collect the following types of personal data from EEA and Swiss Users when provided on registration or in connection with a comment or question:
Name
User name
We may also automatically collect the following types of personal data when EEA and Swiss Users use our websites and mobile sites, and download and use our mobile applications:
Location information, which allows us to periodically determine your location
Computer, device and usage information, which may include (i) internet protocol (IP) address and other technical information about your computer and website usage, such as your browser type and version, time zone setting, and operating system and platform (ii) information specific to the device you use to access the application (including, but not limited to, make, model, operating system, advertising identifier, language, carrier and similar information) and (iii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device.
COMMITMENT TO SUBJECT TO THE PRINCIPLES
We subject to the Principles all consumer and employee personal data that we receive from companies or individuals in the EEA and Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield. We also receive some data in reliance on other compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses.
PURPOSES OF COLLECTION AND USE
Forever 21 collects and uses personal data of EEA and Swiss Users for one or more of the following purposes:
Administering your access to our websites, mobile sites and mobile applications, including any accounts for which you may have registered
Improving and personalizing your experience on our websites and mobile applications
Providing information about our products and services
Providing products, services and support to EEA and Swiss Users
Communicating with corporate business partners about business matters
Conducting related tasks for legitimate business purposes
Aggregating data; and
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions regarding this notice or if you need to update, change or remove personal data that we control, you can do so by contacting privacy@forever21.com or by regular mail addressed to:
Forever 21, Inc.
Forever 21 E-Commerce B.V.
The Netherlands
Forever 21 will respond to your request to access or delete your information within 30 days.
TYPES OF THIRD PARTIES TO WHICH WE DISCLOSE PERSONAL DATA AND PURPOSES
We may share personal data we collect from EEA and Swiss Users with the following types of third parties and for the following purposes:
Service Providers. We may engage service providers to perform certain business-related functions, such as mailing information, maintaining databases, processing credit card transactions, supporting our marketing activities, and providing hosting services, in which case  we may provide the service provider with the information that it needs to perform its specific function, including personal data from EEA and Swiss Users where necessary. Service providers are authorized to use EEA and Swiss Users’ personal data only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Legal Requirements. We may disclose personal data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a subpoena or similar legal obligation, (b) protect and defend our rights or property, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of any Site or the public, (d) protect against legal liability, or (e) or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Business Transfers. As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personal may be part of the transferred assets. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our websites or mobile applications of any change in ownership or uses of your personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal data.
RIGHT TO ACCESS
EEA and Swiss Users have the right to access personal data about them. To access your personal data, contact privacy@forever21.com
CHOICES AND MEANS
EEA and Swiss Users may choose to update their personal data, unsubscribe from e-mail lists, stop having their personal data shared with third parties, or cancel an account by contacting privacy@email.com with information necessary to process the request. EEA and Swiss Users may choose to unsubscribe from our marketing communications by following the instructions or unsubscribe mechanism in the e-mail message. We will process your privacy-related requests as soon as possible, but please be aware that in some circumstances your data may be continued to be used and you may receive a few more messages until your request is fully processed.
INDEPENDENT DISPUTE RESOLUTION BODY
Forever 21 has committed to cooperating with the panels established by the European Data Protection Authorities (DPAs) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) for any privacy complaints under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks that are not resolved with us directly.
INVESTIGATORY AND ENFORCEMENT POWERS OF THE FTC
Forever 21 is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
ARBITRATION
If you are located in the EEA and Switzerland and have exhausted all other means to resolve your concern regarding a potential violation of Forever 21’s obligations under the Privacy Shield Principles, you may seek resolution via binding arbitration. For additional information about the arbitration process please visit the Privacy Shield website: www.privacyshield.gov.
REQUIREMENT TO DISCLOSE
Forever 21 may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
LIABILITY
If a third party service provider providing services on Forever 21’s behalf processes personal data from the EEA and Switzerland in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, Forever 21 could be liable unless we can prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damages.
Fear of missing out?
Be the first to know about the latest deals, style updates & more!
Sign up and be the first to know!
EMAIL ADDRESS
JOIN
By clicking join, I accept the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . You may unsubscribe at any time.
Brands
Cookies Policy
Effective Date: May 25th 2018
We, Forever 21, Inc., Forever 21 Global B.V., and our U.S. and European affiliates (collectively, "Forever 21") value our customers and visitors to our websites and respect your concerns about the privacy of your personal data and data security. Our Privacy and Security Policy (the "Privacy Policy") is intended to inform you about the collection and use of your personal data when using our websites and provide you with a safe and secure experience in fashion, style and shopping.
This Cookies Policy went into effect on the date noted above, but please be aware that we reserve the right to review and update this Cookie Policy from time to time. Don’t worry, if we make any material changes to the Cookie Policy, we will notify you by means of a general notice on the sites prior to the change taking effect.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or device when you visit our sites. Cookies allow a website to recognise a particular device or browser. The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect information about visitors’ activities and to make using websites easier for you.
How Do We Use Cookies?
There are different types of cookies used for different purposes, such as functionality, analytics, customer preference, or for marketing purposes. Here is the breakdown of each:
Functionality cookies: these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as keeping items in your basket when shopping online. These cookies expire when the browser is closed.
Analytics cookies: we partner with third parties, such as Google Analytics, to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes such as improving the site functionality and website experience. To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and the choices Google may offer to control these activities, you may visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/.
Preference cookies: we use these cookies to help us remember your preferences, such as language or location, to enhance your shipping experience.
Advertising or targeting cookies: We partner with third parties that may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this and sites other websites in order to provide you with relevant advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. This type of advertising is sometimes called interest-based advertising. No personally-identifiable information is collected or used in this process.
How Do I Opt Out Of Cookies?
If you wish to not have cookies that are used for interest-based advertising, you may opt-out by clicking here for partners that participate in the TRUSTe opt-out tool (or if located in the European Union click here ). If you wish to opt-out from this type of advertising for companies that participate in the Network Advertising Initiative, please click here . If you wish to opt-out from this type of advertising for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), you can do so here . Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. Forever 21 adheres to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles.
You can opt out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use by indicating your preference using the interest-based opt-out link here . Google also provides a complete privacy policy, and instructions on opting out of Google Analytics here . Note that Google’s opt-out mechanism is specific to Google activities and does not affect the activities of other ad networks or analytics providers that we may use.
"Do Not Track" Technology: Some newer web browsers have a "Do Not Track" preference that transmits a "Do Not Track" header to the websites you visit with information indicating that you do not want your activity to be tracked. We currently do not respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.
Lastly, to manage the cookies that are placed on your computer, you may configure your internet browser to refuse, accept or delete cookies from our sites at any time. Some of the cookies we use may be more persistent in nature. These persistent cookies may not be deleted when other cookies are deleted. Please check your browser and browser settings to determine where these types of cookies are stored and whether and how they may be deleted. The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable most cookies altogether. Please note that if cookies are disabled or removed, not all features of our sites will operate as intended.
Why does this matter?
By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the “Opt Out” section above can provide you with more information.
Further information about cookies can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/cookies-and-similar-technologies/. As mentioned before, it’s important to note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience may be affected and you might not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site.
Privacy Policy
(Effective Date: September 1, 2017)
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the website located at forever21.com, the Forever 21 mobile applications, and any other websites or applications associated with Forever 21 brands or products that direct the viewer or user to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Sites“).
In this Privacy Policy, the terms “Forever 21,” “we,” and “us” refers to Forever 21, Inc. and its respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies. The term “your device" refers to any computer, tablet, smart phone or other device you are using to access our websites or to operate the Forever 21 mobile applications. Websites that are owned and operated by Forever 21 may contain links to websites that are owned and operated by other companies. This Statement does not apply to websites and services that are owned and operated by third parties.
We understand the importance that our customers place on privacy and have designed this Privacy Policy to describe our information-gathering and dissemination practices. You agree to this Privacy Policy when you: 1) access or use any Site; and/or 2) agree to receive e-mail from us. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site.
This Privacy Policy went into effect on the date noted above. Please note that we reserve the right to review and update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by means of a general notice on the Sites prior to the change taking effect. If you use a Site after the updated Privacy Policy becomes effective, you will be deemed to have agreed to the amended Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy addresses the following:
Information that we collect about you.
Cookies and other tracking technology that we use.
What we do with the information that we collect.
With whom we share the information we collect.
Our opt-out policy.
Our policy on correcting and updating Personal Information, making a complaint about our handling of your Personal Information, and deactivation of your account.
California Residents
EU Residents
INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Information Provided by You Upon Registration. When you register for an account on a Site, we may collect the following information that allows us to identify you ("Personal Information"):
Name
Billing address
User Name
Information Provided When You Contact Us. We may collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us when you contact us with a question or comment about our products and services.  We generally collect one or more of the following types of Personal Information when you contact us with a question or comment or request information from us about our products and services:
Name
E-mail address
Phone Number
Purchase Order
Information Provided When You Shop at Our Stores. When you shop at one of our stores, we may collect Personal Information that you voluntarily provide to us before or after you make a purchase in connection with marketing activities such as signing up to our newsletter. During your purchase, we may collect the following information that allows us to process your transaction:
Name
Credit card number
Information Provided When You Apply for a Job with Us. When you apply for a job with us, we may collect your name, address, phone number, email address, previous work experience, references and other personal information about your background and experience.
Passively Collected Information. When you access our Sites, we automatically collect your computer or device’s internet protocol (IP) address and other technical information about your computer or device and website usage, such as your browser type and version, time zone setting, and operating system and platform.  We may also collect information about you through social media sites you use to access our Site depending the permissions you have given for access to your information. We also use cookies on our Sites; for more information, please see the “Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies” section below.
Information Collected From Our Partners. We may partner with our third party resellers to receive information about you, such as name and contact information. This helps us to fulfill your service requests and/or to provide you with services that may be of interest to you.
COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES THAT WE USE
We and our service providers use cookies, beacons, embedded scripts and local shared objects in connection with the Sites.
Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or device when you visit our websites. Cookies allow a website to recognize a particular device or browser. The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect information about visitors’ activities while using the website.
Beacons is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter
Local Shared Objects Local shared objects (or Flash cookies) are pieces of data that websites which use Adobe Flash may store on a user’s computer or device. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Sites or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity use local shared objects. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing local shared objects. In addition, you may manage Flash cookies by clicking here.
The above technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Sites, services and products, tracking users’ movements around the Sites and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies to remember users’ settings, market products and services to users, and for authentication purposes. To manage the cookies that are placed on your computer, you may configure your internet browser to refuse, accept or delete cookies from our Sites at any time.  Some of the cookies we use may be more persistent in nature. These persistent cookies may not be deleted when other cookies are deleted. Please check your browser and browser settings to determine where these types of cookies are stored and whether and how they may be deleted. The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable most cookies altogether.  Please note that if cookies are disabled or removed, not all features of our Sites will operate as intended.
"Do Not Track" Technology: Some newer web browsers have a "Do Not Track" preference that transmits a "Do Not Track" header to the websites you visit with information indicating that you do not want your activity to be tracked. We currently do not respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.
Third-Party Advertising Services: We partner with third parties that may use technologies such as cookies (and local stored objects as described above) to gather information about your activities on the Sites and elsewhere on the Internet in order to provide you with relevant advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. This type of advertising is sometimes called interest-based advertising. No personally-identifiable information is collected or used in this process. If you wish to not have this information collected and used for interest-based advertising, you may opt-out by clicking here for partners that participate in the TRUSTe opt-out tool (or if located in the European Union click here ).  If you wish to opt-out from this type of advertising for companies that participate in the Network Advertising Initiative, please click here . If you wish to opt-out from this type of advertising for companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), you can do so here . Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. Forever 21 adheres to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles.
Third-Party Analytics: We may also use service providers, such as Google Analytics, that may use cookies or other technologies to collect information about your online activities across this and other sites over time for non-advertising purposes such as those described above.  To learn more about how Google Analytics collects and processes data and the choices Google may offer to control these activities, you may visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/.
Google Analytics: To help facilitate the delivery of relevant content, we use Google Analytics and have implemented the following Google Advertising Features: Remarketing, Impression Reporting, and Demographics and Interest Reporting. We use Google Analytics cookies and other Google advertising cookies. You can opt out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features we use by indicating your preference using the interest-based opt-out link here . Google also provides a complete privacy policy, and instructions on opting out of Google Analytics here . Note that Google’s opt-out mechanism is specific to Google activities and does not affect the activities of other ad networks or analytics providers that we may use.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
As examples of how we may use Personal Information that we collect, we use Personal Information in the following ways:
Information Provided by You Upon Registration and Making a Purchase Online or at Our Stores. We may use this Personal Information to administer your access to a Site, verify your identity, and provide our products or services to you.
Information Provided When You Contact Us. We may use this Personal Information to understand and respond to your question or comment.
Passively Collected Information. We use passively collected information to monitor and maintain the performance of our Sites, analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our services, validate users and ensure their technological compatibility with users, and optimize our marketing efforts.
Aggregate data We may use your Personal Information to create aggregate data which does not include any Personal Information and which cannot be used to identify you. For example, aggregate data may include data that describes the general demographics, usage or other characteristics of a Site’s users. We reserve the right to transfer and/or sell aggregate or group data about a Site’s users for lawful purposes.
WITH WHOM WE SHARE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise with your permission.  We reserve the right to transfer and/or sell other data, including aggregate or de-identified data derived from Personal Information, for lawful purposes in our discretion.
We may share Personal Information with affiliated businesses.
Service Providers. We, like many businesses, sometimes hire other companies ("Service Providers") to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing information, maintaining databases, and hosting services. When we employ a Service Provider to perform a function of this nature, we provide it with the information that it needs to perform its specific function, which may include Personal Information and other information that you provide to us via a Site. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Third Parties for Marketing and Other Purposes. We may share with selected third party partners, including for their direct marketing purposes (please see below for your choices related to this sharing).
Legal Requirements. We may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a subpoena or similar legal obligation, (b) protect and defend our rights or property, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of any Site or the public, (d) protect against legal liability, or (e) or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Business Transfers. As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, total or partial sale of assets in bankruptcy or similar event, Personal Information may be part of the transferred assets.
Some of our pages utilize framing techniques to serve content to you from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Sites. When you interact with content from our partners displayed on our Site, please be aware that you are providing your Personal Information to these third parties and it will be governed by their respective privacy policies.
OUR OPT-OUT POLICY
Sharing with Third Parties for Marketing. As noted above, we may disclose your information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  If you would like to opt out of such disclosures, lease contact us at privacy@forever21.com
Email Marketing. To stop receiving newsletters or marketing communications from us or to opt out of having your email address shared with third parties, please use the “unsubscribe” mechanism provided in the communication (such as the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the marketing email) or send an e-mail to customerservice@forever21inc.com along with the information necessary for us to process your request.
Direct Mail. To stop receiving direct mail from us, fill out the contact form with the words “DIRECT MAIL OPT-OUT” in the subject line.
Service-Related Announcements. We will also send you service-related email announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. You do not have an option to opt out of these emails, which are not promotional in nature.
OUR POLICY ON CORRECTING AND UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION AND DEACTIVATING YOUR ACCOUNT
You may request to access, correct, update or delete your Personal Information, or deactivate your account, by emailing our Customer Support at customerservice@forever21inc.com with information necessary for us to process your request. We will respond to your request to access your Personal Information within 30 days. We may need to verify your identity before granting access to Personal Information in our custody or control.  Please see below regarding our retention policy.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
Your California Privacy Rights. Forever 21 collects information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of our Websites or shopping at our stores, as described in this Privacy Policy. Under California law, once a year, Forever 21 customers who are California residents may request certain information about our disclosure of your personal information to unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes. Forever 21 does not disclose any personal information to unaffiliated third parties for these purposes.
To request your personal information under California Law, please contact us via the following methods, using “California Privacy Rights” as the heading:
Write to the following address: Forever 21, ATTN: Privacy, 3880 N. Mission Rd., Los Angeles, CA 90031; or
Contact Customer Service via email at customerservice@forever21inc.com
Please fill out a Customer Service form.
EU RESIDENTS
International Transfers of EU Customers’ Personal Information. The Personal Information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") in reliance on a variety of compliance mechanisms. including data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of support services. By submitting your Personal Information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are from the EEA or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal information to the U.S. which does not have the same data protection laws as the EEA and may provide more limited recourse mechanisms, including dissimilar or, at times, weaker data protection rights. With knowledge of these risks, by providing your personal information you consent to: (i) the use of your personal information for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and (ii) the transfer of your personal information to the U.S. as indicated above.
MISCELLANEOUS
Links to Other Websites. The Sites may contain links to third party owned and/or operated websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. We suggest that you contact these third parties directly for information regarding their privacy, security and data collection and distribution policies prior to providing them with any information.
Blogs and Public Features of the Sites. Some of our Sites offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums, or public comments sections. You should be aware that any Personal Information you submit there can be read and collected by other users of these forums and could be used to send you unsolicited messages and for other purposes. Our blog and comments section of our site is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. NONE OF THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE USING THESE FEATURES IS PROTECTED BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU CHOOSE TO SUBMIT IN THESE FORUMS OR THE USE OF THAT INFORMATION BY ANY THIRD PARTY. You will need to contact or log into the third party application if you want the Personal Information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.
Social Media Widgets. Our Sites may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets such as the share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Sites. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them.
Security and Retention. We take commercially reasonable steps to help protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from a Site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Information to us or to any other party via the Internet. The security of your Personal Information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms or login credentials (such as username and password) on our platform login, we encrypt the transmission of that information. Your Personal Information will be stored in the United States and will be subject to laws applicable in that country.  If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us at privacy@forever21.com. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. If we learn of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Sites or providing personal information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Sites. We may post a notice on the Sites if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
Children’s Privacy. Visitors under 13 years of age are not permitted to use and/or submit their Personal Information at any Site. We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from visitors under 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any information to us. In the event that we learn that a person under the age of 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such personal information. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.
Assignment. In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personally identifiable and non-personal information collected via the Sites.
Disputes, Agreement to Arbitrate, and Choice of Law. By using the Sites, you and Forever 21 agree that, if there is any controversy, claim, action, or dispute arising out of or related to your use of the Sites, or the breach, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of this Privacy Policy or any part of it ("Dispute"), both parties shall first try in good faith to settle such Dispute by providing written notice to the other party describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond to or settle the Dispute.
Notice shall be sent:
to Forever 21 at:
3880 North Mission Road
Los Angeles, CA 90031
to you at your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address in your online profile
Both you and Forever 21 agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent that must be satisfied before initiating any litigation or filing any claim against the other party. IF ANY DISPUTE CANNOT BE RESOLVED BY THE ABOVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURE, YOU AGREE THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR SUCH DISPUTE WILL BE DECIDED BY BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE, THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. Other rights that you and we would have in court will not be available or will be more limited in arbitration, including discovery and appeal rights. All such Disputes shall be exclusively submitted to JAMS (www.jamsadr.com) for binding arbitration under its rules then in effect before one arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Privacy Policy, including any claim that all or any part of this Privacy Policy is void or voidable.
This Privacy Policy has been made in, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles. The parties acknowledge that this Privacy Policy evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16).
Trademark Notice. Forever 21, Fashion 21, XXI, XXI Forever, Love & Beauty, Life in Progress, 21 Men, F21 Red, and its related domains (including, but not limited to, www.forever21.com and canada.forever21.com) are tradenames and/or trademarks of Forever 21, Inc. and its affiliates.
Contacting Us. Our “contact us” page contains e-mail links that allow you to contact us directly with any questions or comments that you may have. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please feel free to contact us at privacy@forever21.com or at:
Forever 21, Inc.
(Effective Date: September 1, 2017)
These Terms of Use ("Terms") apply to the website located at forever21.com, the Forever 21 mobile applications, and any other websites or applications associated with Forever 21 brands or products that direct the viewer or user to these Terms (collectively, the "Site"). In these Terms, the terms “Forever 21,” “we,” and “us” refers to Forever 21, Inc. and its respective subsidiaries and affiliated companies.
Your access to and use of the Sites is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Site. By accessing or using the Site you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the Terms then you should discontinue access or use of the Site.
ARBITRATION NOTICE: EXCEPT IF YOU OPT-OUT AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND FOREVER 21 WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
ABILITY TO USE THE SITE
In order to accept the Terms and to use the Site, you must be at least 18 years of age ("Minimum Age"). The Site not intended for users under the Minimum Age. You hereby affirmatively represent that (a) you are at least the Minimum Age in the applicable country; (b) you have the consent of your parent(s) to use the Site if you are under 18 years of age; (c) you have all the applicable rights and authority to grant FOREVER 21 the rights granted in these Terms; and (d) you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you are not at least the Minimum Age, do not have parental consent, or you do not agree to all the terms and conditions of these Terms, you may not use the Site.
USE RESTRICTIONS
You understand and accept that all information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, audio, video, message or other material appearing on this Site (collectively, “Content”) are owned by FOREVER 21 or it’s licensors. You are expressly prohibited from using any Content without the express written consent of FOREVER 21 or its licensors. Except as otherwise stated in these Terms, none of the material may be reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted, transmitted, or copied in any form or by any means, without the prior written permission of FOREVER 21, and/or the appropriate licensor. Permission is granted to display, copy, distribute, and download the materials on this Site solely for personal, non-commercial use provided that you make no modifications to the materials and that all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials are retained. You may not, without FOREVER 21's express written permission, 'mirror' any material contained on this Site or any other server. Any permission granted under these Terms terminates automatically without further notice if you breach any of the above terms. Upon such termination, you agree to immediately destroy any downloaded and/or printed materials. Any unauthorized use of any material contained on this Site may violate domestic and/or international copyright laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
ANY USE OF THE SERVICES NOT SPECIFICALLY PERMITTED UNDER THESE TERMS IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
CHANGE IN TERMS
We may from time to time change the terms that govern your use of our Site. We may change, move or delete portions of, or may add to, our Site from time to time. If we make material changes to the Terms, we will notify you by email or through a message posted on the Site. Your continued use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement and affirmative acceptance to follow and be bound by the modified Terms. If you do not agree to, or cannot comply with, the Terms as modified, you must stop using the Site.
SUBMISSION OF CONTENT, COMMENTS, IMAGES, VIDEOS AND OTHER CONTENT
For any content you provide to FOREVER 21, on or by the Site, or otherwise disclose, submit or offer in connection with your use of this Site or other websites such as Facebook or Instagram that may interact with this Site, including comments, ideas, images, photographs, video clips, audio clips, graphics, tags, data, materials, information, and other submissions,  including submissions with any hashtags such as #F21xME or #F21xMusic (collectively, 'User Content'), you specifically grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, fully paid up, worldwide license (but not the obligation) to use any User Content that you post on or in connection with FOREVER 21 (“IP License”).  The IP License includes, for example and without limitations, the right and license to use, reproduce, modify, edit, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such material (in whole or part) worldwide and/or to incorporate it in other works in any form, media, or technology now known or later developed, in both digital and physical owned channels, and will not be limited in any way in its use or modifications to the submission, whether for commercial purposes or not, of the User Content. In certain circumstances FOREVER 21 may also share your contribution with trusted third parties. You are also granting us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, fully paid up, worldwide license (but not the obligation) to use your name, likeness, personality, voice, or any other materials or information you provide to FOREVER 21 in connection with your content.
FOREVER 21 is not and shall not be under any obligation (1) to maintain any User Content in confidence; (2) to pay you any compensation for any User Content; (3) to credit or acknowledge you for User Content; or (4) to respond to any User Content.
You understand and agree that it is your obligation to make sure the User Content you submit to the Site must not violate the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy or other personal or proprietary right(s). You also understand and agree that User Content you submit to the Site must not be and will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive, obscene, or otherwise objectionable material in FOREVER 21’s sole discretion.  For example, and without limitation, you may not post violent, nude, partially nude, discriminatory, unlawful, infringing, hateful, pornographic or sexually suggestive photos or other content via the Site or other websites such as Facebook or Instagram that may interact with this Site.
You are and shall remain solely responsible for any User Content you submit on the Site. You agree that FOREVER 21 may use and/or disclose information about your demographics and use of the Site in any manner that does not reveal your identity.
By participating in Site sweepstakes, contests, promotions, and/or requesting promotional information or product updates, you agree that FOREVER 21 may use your information for marketing and promotional purposes.
When you publish content or information using the “Public” setting, it means that you are allowing everyone, including other Website users, to access and use that information, and to associate it with you (i.e. your name and profile picture). We advise that you never reveal any personal information about yourself or anyone else (telephone number, home address, business address, delivery address or email address or any other details that would allow you to be personally identified).
If you do not want to grant FOREVER 21 the permission set out above on these terms, please do not submit User Content.
FOREVER 21 MOBILE TEXT MESSAGING TERMS AND CONDITIONS
By texting us, you consent to receive up to 5 automated SMS or MMS text messages per week regarding events, offers and promotions from FOREVER 21, even if your mobile number is registered on any state or federal Do Not Call list..  You consent to receive text alerts using automated technology, including through an automatic telephone dialing system.  By texting us, you also permit FOREVER 21 to use location information (e.g., GPS) from your mobile device when you are in or near a retail location and to send you additional messages based on your location.  These location-based messages, together with our other mobile alerts, may exceed the 5 automated text messages referenced above.
By subscribing to our program, you confirm that you are the current subscriber and/or customary user of the mobile number registered and authorized to incur any message or data charges that may be charged by your mobile carrier. You are strictly prohibited from registering a mobile number that is not your own. If we discover that any information provided in connection with your subscription is false or inaccurate, we may suspend or terminate your access to the program at any time. You understand that you do not have to sign up for this program in order to make any purchases (in-store or online), and your consent is not a condition of any purchase with FOREVER 21. Your participation in our alerts program is completely voluntary.
You may opt-out of text message alerts at any time by texting STOP to 38056. You will receive a text message confirming your opt-out.  Please allow up to five (5) business days to process your request. No further messages will be sent to your mobile device, unless initiated by you. You may also text HELP to 38056 for HELP. It is your sole obligation to notify FOREVER 21 that you do not want to receive text alerts by texting STOP to 38056. You waive any rights to bring claims for unauthorized or undesired text messages by failing to opt-out immediately. The program is only available to customers of select carriers with compatible handsets.
If you relinquish ownership of the mobile number associated with your subscription, you agree to immediately notify FOREVER 21 by texting STOP to 38056 or by emailing customerservice@forever21inc.com . You agree to indemnify FOREVER 21 for any privacy, tort or other claims, including claims under the Federal Telephone Consumer Protection Act or its state law equivalent, relating to your provision of a mobile number that is not owned by you and/or your failure to notify FOREVER 21 of any changes in mobile ownership. You must notify FOREVER 21 immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your mobile device. Although FOREVER 21 will not be liable for losses caused by any unauthorized use of your mobile device, you may be liable for the losses of FOREVER 21 or others due to such unauthorized use. If you get a new mobile number, you will need to sign up for the program with your new number.
The program is free, but message and data rates may apply from your carrier. Check your mobile plan and contact your mobile carrier for details. You are responsible for obtaining and maintaining all mobile devices and other equipment and software, and all internet service provider, mobile service, and other services needed to access and use the program, and you are solely responsible for all charges related to them, including charges from your mobile carrier.
Forever 21 respects your right to privacy. To see how we collect and use your personal information, please see our Privacy Policy.
FOREVER 21'S COMMUNICATIONS TO YOU
You agree that FOREVER 21 may send electronic mail to you for the purpose of advising you of changes or additions to this Site, about any of FOREVER 21's products or services, or for such other purpose(s) as FOREVER 21 deems appropriate.
CONTESTS/PROMOTIONS
Any contests or promotions described or posted on this Site shall be governed by the rules regulating such event.
PRODUCT INFORMATION
Most Forever 21 products displayed at the Site are available in select Forever 21 stores while supplies last. In some cases, merchandise displayed for sale at the Site may not be available in Forever 21 stores. The prices displayed at the Site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the United States.
COLORS
We have made every effort to display, as accurately as possible, the colors of our products that appear at the Site. However, as the actual colors you see will depend on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES
To the extent that this Site contains links to outside services and resources, the availability and content of which Forever 21 does not control, any concerns regarding any such service or resource, or any link included on the Site, should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. Forever 21 has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services.
DISCLAIMER
SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES. TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW SPECIFICALLY AND EXPRESSLY PROHIBITS SUCH EXCLUSIONS, THOSE SUCH EXCLUSIONS SET FORTH BELOW MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.
THIS SITE AND ALL CONTENTS OF THE SITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS' BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NONINFRINGEMENT, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE SITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, THAT YOU ASSUME FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ALL COSTS ASSOCIATED WITH ALL NECESSARY SERVICING OR REPAIRS OF ANY EQUIPMENT YOU USE IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF OUR SITE, AND THAT FOREVER 21 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND RELATED TO YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.
INACCURACY DISCLAIMER
From time to time there may be information on the Site that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions or availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
If you are not completely satisfied with your Forever 21.com purchase, you may return it with your invoice to any Forever 21 store or by mail. Please see our Return & Exchanges Policy for details.
INDEMNIFICATION
You (and also any third party for whom you operate an account or activity on the Site or any other third party platform such as social media that may interact with the Site) agree to defend (at Forever 21’s request), indemnify and hold Forever 21 harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees and costs, arising out of or in any way connected with any of the following (including as a result of your direct activities on the Site or those conducted on your behalf): (i) your Content or your access to or use of the Site; (ii) your breach or alleged breach of these Terms of Use; (iii) your violation of any third-party right, including without limitation, any intellectual property right, publicity, confidentiality, property or privacy right; (iv) your violation of any laws, rules, regulations, codes, statutes, ordinances or orders of any governmental and quasi-governmental authorities, including, without limitation, all regulatory, administrative and legislative authorities; or (v) any misrepresentation made by you. You will cooperate as fully required by Forever 21 in the defense of any claim. Forever 21 reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you, and you will not in any event settle any claim without the prior written consent of Forever 21.
ARBITRATION
Except if you opt-out or for disputes relating to: (1) your or Forever 21's intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and patents); or (2) violations of  the “Content Submission” provision above, ("Excluded Disputes"), you agree that all disputes between you and Forever 21 (whether or not such dispute involves a third party) with regard to your relationship with Forever 21, including without limitation disputes related to these Terms of Use, your use of the Site, and/or rights of privacy and/or publicity, will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration under the American Arbitration Association's rules for arbitration of consumer-related disputes and you and Forever 21 hereby expressly waive trial by jury. As an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local "small claims" court, if permitted by that small claims court's rules, and as long as such matter is only pending in that court. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor Forever 21 will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this agreement. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account, if Forever 21 is a party to the proceeding. This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. In the event the American Arbitration Association is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either Forever 21 or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of Use.
By that small claims court's rules, and as long as such matter is only pending in that court. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor Forever 21 will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this agreement. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account, if Forever 21 is a party to the proceeding. This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. In the event the American Arbitration Association is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either Forever 21 or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with these Terms of Use.
YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. If you do so, neither you nor Forever 21 can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify Forever 21 in writing within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision. You must use this address to opt out:
Forever 21, Inc.
3880 North Mission Road
Los Angeles, CA 90031
You must include your name and residence address, the email address you use for your Forever 21  account (if any), and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement.
If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Forever 21.
TIME LIMITATION ON CLAIMS
You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your relationship with Forever 21 must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.
GOVERNING LAW & VENUE
You agree that any claim you may have arising out of or related to your relationship with Forever 21 must be filed within one year after such claim arose; otherwise, your claim is permanently barred.
These Terms of Use are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law AND WILL SPECIFICALLY NOT BE GOVERNED BY THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTIONS ON CONTRACTS FOR THE INTERNATIONAL SALE OF GOODS, IF OTHERWISE APPLICABLE. For any action at law or in equity relating to the arbitration provision of these Terms of Use, the Excluded Disputes or if you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, you agree to resolve any dispute you have with Forever 21 exclusively in a state or federal court located in Los Angeles, California, and to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Los Angeles County for the purpose of litigating all such disputes.
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable during arbitration or by a court of competent jurisdiction, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Forever 21's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these Terms will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. No waiver of any of these Terms will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition. Forever 21 reserves the right to change this dispute resolution provision, but any such changes will not apply to disputes arising before the effective date of the amendment. This dispute resolution provision will survive the termination of any or all of your transactions with Forever 21.
TERMINATION
The Terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or Forever 21. You may terminate the Terms at any time. Forever 21 also may terminate or suspend access to this Site at any time and may do so immediately without notice, if in Forever 21’s sole discretion you fail to comply with any term or provision of these Terms. Upon any termination of the Terms by either you or Forever 21, you must promptly destroy all materials, downloaded or otherwise, obtained from this Site, as well as all copies of such materials, whether made under the terms of this these Terms or otherwise.
TRADEMARKS
FOREVER 21 is a registered trademark, service mark, and/or trade name of Forever 21, Inc. All other trademarks, service marks, and trade names contained in the Site are the properties of the respective owners. FOREVER 21 disclaims any proprietary interest in trademarks, service marks and trade names other than its own. No use of these marks may be made without the prior written authorization of FOREVER 21, except as necessary to accurately identify the products or services of FOREVER 21.
CONTACT US
Forever 21, Inc.
RETURNS & EXCHANGES
This Returns and Exchanges Policy applies to all purchases made through the website Forever21.com, the Forever 21 mobile applications, and any other website or application that directs you to this Returns and Exchanges Policy (collectively, the “Site”).
All Forever 21 purchases may only be returned to stores within the original country of purchase. Please contact your local store for any store-specific return policy information.
Online purchases made through the Site are valid for exchange, credit, or refund within 30 days from the ship date.Your return form and invoice provide a postmark date that specifies the last day you have to return your merchandise by mail or to one of our stores.
Items must be returned unwashed, unworn, undamaged, and with all tags attached. Jewelry must be in its original packaging. All returned items must be accompanied by the return form and customs documents (if applicable).
SALE MERCHANDISE, COSMETICS, UNDERWEAR, SELECT LINGERIE AND SWIMWEAR, EARRINGS, BODY PIERCINGS, AND GIFT CARDS / E-GIFT CARDS ARE ALL FINAL SALE ITEMS AND CANNOT BE RETURNED OR EXCHANGED, UNLESS REQUIRED BY LAW.
Cosmetics may be returned if gently used, with the original packaging, and with the original receipt. All other returned or exchanged items must be unwashed, unworn, and undamaged, with all tags attached. Food items, sale merchandise, clearance items, and gift cards / e-gift cards are all final sale items and cannot be returned or exchanged, unless required by law.
ARBITRATION NOTICE: EXCEPT IF YOU OPT-OUT AND EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES DESCRIBED IN THE ARBITRATION SECTION BELOW, YOU AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND FOREVER 21 WILL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING, INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.
RETURNS BY MAIL
Your package includes an order invoice, return form, customs documents (if applicable), and a pre-printed merchandise return label.
On your return form, check off the items you wish to return and list the return reason code(s).
Securely pack your merchandise and return form in a box or envelope of your choice (you may also use the original package if possible).
Place the pre-printed return label on the outside of your package. Please note that the return label is not pre-paid, therefore, you will be responsible for the return shipping cost. In addition, any shipping charge paid by you is non-refundable unless you received damaged, defective, or the wrong item(s).
Mail your online returns using the pre-printed label included with your package, or to the following address:
Forever 21
Los Angeles, CA 90031
Refunds will be issued in the original form of payment. Please allow 2-3 weeks from the return ship date for your account to be credited, and 1-2 billing cycles for the credit to appear on your statement. For returns from international and APO/FPO addresses, please allow 4-6 weeks from the return ship date for your account to be credited, and 2-3 billing cycles for the credit to appear on your statement. If you made your purchase using a gift card, e-gift card, or store credit, refunds will be issued to the original card that was used. The refund amount will include only the amount paid by you after any discount or reward was applied to the returned item(s) and it will not include any shipping charge paid by you unless you are returning a damaged, defective, or the wrong item was sent to you.
RETURNS TO A STORE
You must provide your order invoice and the form of payment used to make the purchase when returning merchandise to a store. You may return your merchandise to any Forever 21, XXI, For Love 21, F21 Red, or Forever 21 “$10 and Under” location within the United States. Refunds for online purchases returned in store will be issued in the original form of payment, except for online purchases made using PayPal. At this time, all store returns of online purchases using PayPal are valid for exchange or store credit only. Please allow 1-2 billing cycles for the credit to appear on your statement.
If you made your purchase using a gift card, e-gift card, or store credit, refunds will be issued to the original card that was used. The refund amount will include only the amount paid by you after any discount or reward was applied to the returned item(s) and it will not include any shipping charge paid by you unless you are returning a damaged, defective, or the wrong item was sent to you.
DAMAGED, DEFECTIVE, OR WRONG ITEM(S)
BY MAIL: Exchanges by mail are only processed for damaged, defective, or the wrong item(s) shipped.
Should you receive damaged, defective, or the wrong item(s), please return the merchandise to our Online Returns address above within 30 days from the ship date. The refund amount will include the amount paid by you after any discount or reward was applied to the returned item(s) plus any original shipping charge paid by you and the return shipping costs ONLY if a copy of the shipping receipt is attached to the return form. We recommend using a carrier service that provides tracking. Please note: only standard carrier services will be refunded
To ensure proper processing, please select the appropriate Return Reason Code listed on your return form. In addition, please specify the damage, defect, or wrong item(s) on the return form. Upon receipt of your return, our Online Returns Department will inspect your merchandise to confirm that the item is damaged, defective and/or the wrong item. If you would like a replacement of the item(s), please write Exchange on the return form in the notes section. We will gladly send out a replacement of the original item(s) purchased, at no cost, as long as the merchandise is available. If the merchandise is not available for an exchange, you will receive a refund to the original form of payment used to make your online purchase.
IN STORES: Damaged, defective, or the wrong item(s) may be returned to any Forever 21, XXI, For Love 21, F21 Red, or Forever 21 “$10 and Under” location within the United States for an exchange or refund. You must provide your order receipt / invoice and the form of payment used to make the purchase. Refunds will be issued in the original form of payment, except for online purchases made using PayPal.At this time, all store returns of online purchases using PayPal are valid for exchange or store credit only. The refund amount will include the amount paid by you after any discount or reward was applied to the returned item(s) plus any original shipping charge paid by you.
RETURNS FOR ONLINE PURCHASES MADE WITH GIFT CARDS / E-CERTIFICATES / STORE CREDITS
Refunds can only be made to the exact gift card, e-gift Certificate or store-credit used for the original purchase. Please retain the gift card, e-gift certificate and/or store credit after your online purchase, for return refunds and future purchases.
ARBITRATION
Except if you opt-out or for disputes relating to your or Forever 21's intellectual property (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights and patents) (“Excluded Disputes”), you agree that all disputes between you and Forever 21 (whether or not such dispute involves a third party) with regard to your relationship with Forever 21, including without limitation disputes related to this Returns and Exchanges Policy, your use of the Site, purchase of products, and/or rights of privacy and/or publicity, will be resolved by binding, individual arbitration under the American Arbitration Association's rules for arbitration of consumer-related disputes and you and Forever 21 hereby expressly waive trial by jury. As an alternative, you may bring your claim in your local "small claims" court, if permitted by that small claims court's rules and as long as such matter is only pending in that court. You may bring claims only on your own behalf. Neither you nor Forever 21 will participate in a class action or class-wide arbitration for any claims covered by this agreement. You also agree not to participate in claims brought in a private attorney general or representative capacity, or consolidated claims involving another person's account, if Forever 21 is a party to the proceeding. This dispute resolution provision will be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act. In the event the American Arbitration Association is unwilling or unable to set a hearing date within one hundred and sixty (160) days of filing the case, then either Forever 21 or you can elect to have the arbitration administered instead by the Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services. Judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having competent jurisdiction. Any provision of applicable law notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have authority to award damages, remedies or awards that conflict with this Returns and Exchanges Policy, or the website Terms of Use.
YOU MAY OPT OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE. If you do so, neither you nor Forever 21 can require the other to participate in an arbitration proceeding. To opt out, you must notify Forever 21 in writing within 30 days of the date that you first became subject to this arbitration provision. You must use this address to opt out:
Forever 21
Los Angeles, CA 90031
You must include your name and residence address, the email address you use for your Forever 21 account (if any), and a clear statement that you want to opt out of this arbitration agreement.
If the prohibition against class actions and other claims brought on behalf of third parties contained above is found to be unenforceable, then all of the preceding language in this Arbitration section will be null and void. This arbitration agreement will survive the termination of your relationship with Forever 21.
GOVERNING LAW & VENUE
For any action at law or in equity relating to the arbitration provision of this Returns and Exchanges Policy, the Excluded Disputes or if you opt out of the agreement to arbitrate, you agree to resolve any dispute you have with Forever 21 exclusively in a state or federal court located in Los Angeles, California, and to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the courts located in Los Angeles County for the purpose of litigating all such disputes.
If any provision of these Returns and Exchanges Policy is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable during arbitration or by a court of competent jurisdiction, then that provision will be deemed severable from this Returns and Exchanges Policy and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. Forever 21's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Returns and Exchanges Policy will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. No waiver of any of this Returns and Exchanges Policy will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or any other term or condition. Forever 21 reserves the right to change this dispute resolution provision, but any such changes will not apply to disputes arising before the effective date of the amendment. This dispute resolution provision will survive the termination of any or all of your transactions with Forever 21.
QUESTIONS OR COMMENTS?
