Privacy and Copyright
This privacy policy sets out how Dinner, then Dessert, Inc. (hereunder, “Site” or “we”) uses and protects any information that you and your browser provide while using dinnerthendessert.com.
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Amazon Affiliate Disclosure:
Dinner, then Dessert, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.
Security
MY LATEST VIDEOS
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
We use cookies for the following purposes:
(a) [authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website];
(b) [status – we use cookies [to help us to determine if you are logged into our website];
(c) [personalization – we use cookies [to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you];
(d) [security – we use cookies [as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally];
(e) [advertising – we use cookies [to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you]; and
(f) [analysis – we use cookies [to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services];
We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at:  https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links:
Please note that blocking cookies may have a negative impact on the functions of many websites, including our Site. Some features of the Site may cease to be available to you.
Advertising
This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC (“AdThrive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site.  AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners.You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:  https://adssettings.google.com . You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at:  http://optout.networkadvertising.org .  However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing.  If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact AdThrive at [email protected] If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences icon. (Available in the EU.)
Email Addresses
We may collect your email address, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. This may occur, for example, if you sign up to receive an email newsletter, or enter a promotion.  We will use your email address for the purposes for which you provided it to us, and also from time to time to send you emails regarding the Site or other products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  You may opt out of such email communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in the email.  Your email address may also be shared with the technology provider we use in connection with the purposes for which you provided it, and that technology provider may also contact you from time to time.  If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), please refer to the section below entitled “Additional Rights of EEA Residents.”
Registration or Account Data
We may collect other information from you when you register with our Site in order to use various features.  Such information could include your name, birthday, postal code, screen name, and password (if applicable). As you use the Site, we could collect other data that you provide voluntarily (such as comments that you post).
We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys, social media platforms, verification services, data services, as well as public sources. We may combine this data with your registration data in order to maintain a more thorough profile.
We may use your personally-identifying information for a variety of our internal business purposes, such as creating a better user experience for the Site, diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions on the Site, better understanding how the Site is used, and making personalized recommendations to you.
If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), please refer to the section below entitled “Additional Rights of EEA Residents.”
Transactional Data
We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our Site (“Transactional Data”). The Transactional Data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions.  Payment processing on our Site is handled by our payment services providers. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Additional Rights of EEA (European Economic Area) Residents
If you are a resident of a country in the EEA, you have the rights, among others, to:
(i)  access your personal data
(ii)  ensure the accuracy of your personal data
(iii) the right to have us delete your personal data
(iv)  the right to restrict further processing of your personal data, and
(v)  the right to complain to a supervisory authority in your country of residence in the event that data is misused
If you believe that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.
You may exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data by written notice to us addressed to the following:
Dinner, then Dessert Privacy Manager, 2351 Sunset Blvd., Ste 170-950, Rocklin, CA 95765; (916) 625-6965; contact (at) dinnerthendessert (dot) com.  (Please excuse the fragmented formatting of my email address, it is just to make sure actual people email instead of marketing programs scanning for email addresses.)
Sale of Business or Assets
In the event that the Site or substantially all of its assets is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, the information we have collected about you may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site, with the “Effective Date” posted at the bottom of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, or we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By using our Site or services after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained from you.
Contacting Us
—–
This privacy policy was last updated on and has an effective date of May 25, 2018.
All posts will be made by me and all opinions contained in any page or post are mine unless explicitly stated otherwise.
Dinner, then Dessert, Inc. may receive payment or products from time to time to supplement posts, but this will never influence what I write and I will disclose if I have received any such compensation to you, my dear readers.  I do this because I care about my readership and I want to be completely open and honest with you (oh, and also  I’m required by federal law  to make those disclosures.)
Again, Dinner, then Dessert Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.  Dinner, then Dessert, Inc. also participates in the affiliate programs of other companies.  We may earn commission on products purchased through links on dinnerthendessert.com, but we will never link to affiliate products unless we approve of the product and its seller.
 
This website and its contents are the copyright of Dinner, then Dessert Inc. – © 2015-2017.  All rights reserved.
Dinner, then Dessert does not allow for its original pictures, recipes, or writing to be reproduced anywhere without written consent except for sharing on social media platforms (like Facebook and Twitter ) and only if the share (1) contains a link back to the appropriate page on dinnerthendessert.com and (2) does NOT contain recipe instructions.
If you have an interest in posting one of my photos, text from my post or my recipes on another site, you must first obtain written consent.  However, we love being included in roundups, so please do not hesitate to email [email protected] if you’re interested in using one of our recipes!
 
If you need to reach me feel free to reach me for business purposes please use the following contact information:
Dinner, then Dessert Inc.
Hi, I’m Sabrina!
I am a trained Private Chef of almost 10 years. I love cooking for family and friends and sharing easy, flavorful recipes.
Email *
Email
Search for
Sign Up & Save Recipes
Create a free account, save the recipes you like, and get daily recipes delivered straight to your inbox — plus receive a free e-cookbook!
Email *
Phone
