Last updated: May 2018
Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information    practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.    To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website.    On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials.    The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this    information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are    not shared with outside parties.
We may use your email address to send you news and information about Swappa that might be of interest to you.   We'll do our best to keep those emails brief and relevant; we promise not to abuse your inbox.   You can opt-out of receiving future marketing communications from us at any time.   You can unsubscribe by following the instructions contained in the messages you receive.   You can also change your preferences for marketing in your user profile.   Even if you opt-out of receiving these messages, we reserve the right to send you certain communications necessary   to the services we provide. We may also send you service announcements and administrative messages.   We do not offer you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those communications.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate    physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important.    For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18,   and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.
Our Commitment to Law Enforcement
Swappa makes every effort to comply with law enforcement officials or other investigative agencies to prevent crime   and/or the sale of stolen goods or products on the Site. Swappa reserves the right to inspect or disclose to any   appropriate third party any information provided by you to Swappa to assist in the prevention, investigation, and   prosecution of crime.
How to Access or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by emailing [email protected] .    To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.     We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.     You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an e-mail at [email protected] .
Users Covered by GDPR
Swappa services are intended specifically for our visitors or users in the US market, and we have   eliminated all of our non-US markets.   In line with the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we have made changes to   support the regulation for visitors or users coming to Swappa from within the EU.
GDPR-covered users or visitors may receive support from Swappa for the following:
Requests for the right to be forgotten
Request to receive your personal data
Support for data portability (personal data)
EU visitors or users will be presented with an opportunity to consent to using Swappa and its   services, provided that they have not intentionally or unintentionally masked their country location.
For GDPR-related requests and inquiries, please email [email protected] .
Swappa - Buy and Sell Mobile
