Updated July 23, 2018
This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes how Fireplace, Inc. (“Fireplace”) collects, uses and shares Personal Data when using this website and our Service. Please read the following information carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your Personal Data and how we treat it.
Definitions
Service
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about an individual who, either alone or in combination with other data we hold about such individual, identifies such individual, including, for example, an individual’s name, postal address, email address and telephone number.
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). Usage Data does not include Personal Data.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our website. This information is what you choose to share in order to use the service: “Shared Information.” The information you will be asked to share depends on the account you are using (Student, Educator, Pro or Free account) as well as if your account is part of a group, team, School, or District (for example; Student accounts have minimal information collected). In addition, there is some information that is collected automatically because you are navigating within the website and using the service: “Automatic Information.” You may, however, also visit parts of the website anonymously.
“Shared Information”
Student accounts will be asked for the minimal amount of information required in order to create an account on the website. See “Student Information” section below for details.
Account: When ordering or registering on our website, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: Name, E-mail address, optionally you can register with your Facebook or Gmail account which will share your name and email address to create an account. If you register for an account using your Facebook, Gmail or other social media login that we support, we may receive additional information from the relevant service provider based on your privacy choices. Please consult such service provider’s privacy policy for additional information. For group, team, school, or district accounts you may be asked for additional information including contact information, mailing address, and general information to enable additional features and services from the website.
Content: While using the website you might choose to include, within your newsletter/flyer/page/communication, information including personal details, contact information, pictures, videos, attachments, or other general information to share with your readers, viewers, and newsletter recipients. The content, data and information that you upload to the website is stored on our servers.
Messaging: When you choose to provide information while using the mailing list feature to send an email, participate in a social media, send a message, blog, webinar, or some aspect of the website, we will collect the information you provide, which may include the email addresses you provide. When you submit a support request asking for clarification, support, or a question, you may be asked for additional information in order to and to answer your inquiry and provide you with the best service.
“Automatic Information”
This is information that is collected automatically because you are navigating within the website and using the service. This information includes device and log information which is used for continuous improvement of the site and service!
Cookies: Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy at https://www.smore.com/ve3wj-cookies-policy .
Device Information: We collect information about the device you are using to access the website which may include the type and identifier, operating system, and browser (browser version) being used. This information helps us see how the site is performing across devices and make improvements where necessary, providing a better experience for you!
Log Data: Similar to most websites, we collect and store automatic information about how you navigate through the website. Data collected may include IP address, timestamps, device information, and crash or error details.
General Feature Information: We collect general information about the page views, and other content to provide back to you as part of the analytics feature. Some of this information collected includes: the number of incoming viewers from different sources, outgoing links, and time spent viewing your newsletter, number of likes, and locations when available.
We may also use pixel tags (which are also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) on our Website/Services to track the actions of users on our Website/Services. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages. Pixel tags measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Website/ Services, so that we can manage our content more effectively. The information we collect using pixel tags is not linked to our users’ personal data.
Student Information
Students using the Website should only sign-in to the student portal [https://www.smore.com/students]. Students will be asked for the minimal amount of information required in order to create an account on the site. They will be asked for a unique group code [Provided by their teachers in order to access the correct classroom], their name [For their teacher to be able to identify the student], and a password [4 digit pin of their choosing to login]. The name input is free-form; meaning the students’ Parent and Teacher can decide and help the student to use a full name, initials, abbreviation, or alternative username. These accounts have limited sharing capabilities and added privacy measures. The school or teacher is responsible for obtaining necessary parental consent for the students use of the website. Content created by the student while using the site may contain pictures, videos, attachments, or writing (which may contain personal information) which is collected by the website. A parent has the right to review, change, and have deleted, any of their child’s information. All inquiries are asked to be directed through the child’s school and/or teacher who owns the account.
A school has control over PII (Personally Identifiable Information) and has the right to review, have deleted and/or refuse to permit further collection or use of the student’s information that may have been collected. This may in some cases limit the use of certain features and functions available on the website or prevent access altogether. Any information that may have been collected is kept for as long as the student account is active in order to retain access to the content created (Flyers/Newsletters/”Smore’s”). The School may decide the content (Portfolio of work) created by the student is no longer needed, and it may be edited or deleted at any time, by accessing your account through the service.
Questions, concerns, and Inquiries can be emailed to privacy@smore.com .
In addition, we work with iKeepSafe to improve our privacy measures and practices. The iKeep Safe Safe Harbor program is available as a resource to you for further information, questions, or to file complaints related to the privacy policy and practices. More information about this program is available here and they can be reached at COPPAPrivacy@ikeepsafe.org .
Am I required to provide information? Is it possible to “opt-out?”
You have the right to decline to share personally identifiable information with us and block cookies from being collected. Please keep in mind that this may limit your use of certain features and functions available on the website to you or prevent access altogether. You may edit information or delete your account at any time by accessing your account through the service.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To provide the Website and Services
We use your information in order to provide you the features and functions made available to you on the Website and Services.
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs. (For example the Educator Hive is available to educators).
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings and features available based on de-identified information, general log data, and usage statistics. We also take into consideration all feedback we receive from you. (For example: The development of the Classroom feature to be used by Educator accounts created a more safe and private space for Student accounts!)
To improve customer service
Your shared and automatic information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs. (You will never be asked to provide any password information). For example: Finding a recently deleted flyer/newsletter that needs to be restored or seeing the browser you are using to help determine a solution for a possible bug in the system.
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested or as expressly provided in the section titled Disclosure of Your Data.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
Anonymous Data
When we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party.
We may create anonymous data from the personal data we receive about you and other individuals whose personal data we collect. Anonymous data might include analytics information and information collected by us using cookies. We make personal data into anonymous data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to analyses usage patterns in order to make improvements to our Website/Services
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Fireplace Inc. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Fireplace Inc. may process your Personal Data because:
We need to perform a contract with you
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
Retention of Data
Fireplace Inc. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Fireplace Inc. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Fireplace Inc. will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of Data
With Your Consent
Fireplace will disclose your personal data in accordance with your direction. For example, we will transmit in accordance with your direction(s) any newsletter you send via the Services, including any personal data therein.
Service Providers
We may share your personal data with third party service providers who need access to your information in order to perform services for us. You can learn more about the service providers we use by visiting: www.smore.com/07awt-third-party-applications-used .
Business Transaction
If Fireplace Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Disclosure for Law Enforcement
Under certain circumstances, Fireplace Inc. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal Requirements
Fireplace Inc. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
To comply with a legal obligation
To protect and defend the rights or property of Fireplace Inc.
To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
To protect against legal liability
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, identification numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
We regularly test our own security by checking how we collect, transmit, and store information. Security audits are completed on a quarterly basis by management together with the engineering team. In addition, if there is ever an attempt by an outside party to access, misuse, or breach any part of the website we have measures in place to protect personal information and to further strengthen the security practices.
We take security seriously and do the best to keep everything protected, however, we cannot guarantee 100% that there will never be a breach in our data. There can be unforeseen attacks, system failures, human mistakes, technological errors, outages, or other cases that expose the security of user information. If we become aware of a breach of data we will do our best to notify you given any applicable laws.
"Do Not Track" Signals
We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Fireplace Inc. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update
or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Fireplace Inc. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
How do I delete my account?
We will be sorry to see you go and hope you decide to come back in the future, however, if you would like to delete your account we understand. Please follow the instructions in the FAQ here , or for free users you may simply discontinue using the Website and the services provided by Smore.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the websites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and website interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can learn more about our cookies policy here .
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We value your privacy and have taken necessary precautions with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent, except as expressly provided herein.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, you may visit our site anonymously, however, to use the service will require signing-up. All users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their accounts and going to the 'Edit Profile' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance and Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
We are fully certified and in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act) and FERPA (Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act). For more information on these acts please click here . If you have any questions about privacy please email us your questions to privacy@smore.com
We work with iKeepSafe to improve our privacy measures and practices. The iKeep Safe Safe Harbor program is available as a resource to you for further information, questions, or to file complaints related to the privacy policy and practices. More information about this program is available here and they can be reached at COPPAPrivacy@ikeepsafe.org .
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our web site privacy policy (this page) as well as the sites Terms and Conditions found here .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below. Changes made to the data security processes that lessen protections will be notified (as required by applicable laws) to schools in advance of such changes.
This policy was last modified on July 23, 2018
Contacting Us
If there are any general questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below or at privacy@smore.com
Pittsburgh, PA 15206
Done
Close
