Sport.com Privacy Policy
Sport.com respects its users’ privacy and is committed to protecting Your personal information. Snapside has created this Privacy Policy to let You know what information We collect when You use Our Website, Online Shop, and make use of Our services and software (collectively, the “Service”), why We collect this information and how We use the collected information, in order for You to understand Your rights and obligations in relation to such information. By using the Service, You consent to the data and information collection practices set out in this Privacy Policy. As we update and expand our services, this policy may change from time to time and it is Your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy periodically for updates. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes acceptance of any updates to the Privacy Policy.
Collection and Use of Information
We receive and store information, including personal information, about You and Your use of Our Service. This information is gathered in a number of ways, including when You enter it on the Website and from interactions with Our Service. Personal information is information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact You. Non-personal information is information that does not permit direct association with You. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose whatsoever. You can choose not to provide personal information We may request of You, but, in general, most of the personal information We request is required in order to provide Our Service and the lack of such personal information will prevent Us from providing such Service to You.
Information about You Received by Us
When You use the Website You allow Snapside to access certain information from Your profile. Snapside may access and store some or all of the following information, as per Your consent and preferences:
Your first and last name;
Your profile picture or its URL;
Your user ID number, which is linked to publicly available information such as name and profile photo;
the login e-mail You provided;
Your physical location and that of Your access devices;
Your gender;
Your date of birth.
When You interact with Us We may ask You to supply Us with personal information so that we can provide, enhance and personalize Our services and marketing efforts. We may also supplement the personal information You provide with publicly available information about You as well as information from other sources, as permitted by applicable law. We use this personal information to process Your registration and to communicate with You. We may use Your e-mail address or other methods to send You newsletters, as well as messages about new Website features, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys and other correspondence concerning the use of Our Website. If You no longer want to receive certain communications from Us You can unsubscribe to Our mailing list by sending an email to Support@Sport.com. Please note that You cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from Us, such as, but not limited to, information in regards to your Account and the Snapside Policies.
We keep track of Your interactions with Us and collect information related to You and Your use of Our Service, including but not limited to: Your online activity, title selections, reviews, ratings, correspondence, Internet protocol addresses, device types, unique device data (such as device identifiers), operating systems, and related activity. We use this information for such purposes as determining Your general geographic location, providing localized content, enforcing our Terms of Use, personalizing Our Service to better reflect particular interests, determining Your Internet service provider, helping Us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests, and otherwise enhancing or administering Our Service for You and other users.
We also provide analysis of Our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties.
While using Our Website You will have opportunities to post messages or other information in public forums which are in the public domain and are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for any third party’s use of information You publicly disclose through Our Service.
From time to time, We may partner with companies whose products We believe will interest Our users. In conjunction with these partners We may send promotional announcements and/or web based advertisements on their behalf, as permitted by applicable law.
You may connect one or more social networks with Your Website account. If You choose to do so We will collect information from Your social networking account(s) and Your use of Our social features on Our Website.
Disclosure of Information
We may share Your information within the Snapside group companies. The Snapside group companies that access Your information will follow the same policies as set out herein. In addition, We may use other companies, agents or contractors to perform services on Our behalf. We will only authorize these third party companies, agents or contractors, to use or disclose Your personal information solely for the purpose of providing the applicable services to You.
We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for participation, will require Your information to be shared with third parties. By participating in such joint promotions or programs You hereby consent to Our sharing of Your information. Please note that We do not control the privacy policies of these third parties nor are we liable in any way whatsoever for such information sharing with third parties.
We may disclose Your personal information:
to provide information and/or services to You;
if required to do so by law or by regulatory authority to any regulatory body or licensing body or authority;
to provide statistical analysis and research;
for marketing, market research and customer profiling;
for data analysis;
if We believe in good faith that such action is necessary:
to comply with any law or comply with legal process served on Us;
to protect and defend Our rights or property;
to any payment management or debt collection company engaged by Us to handle payment and collection processes to and from Users;
to third parties who provide services to Us or on Our behalf;
to any third party that purchases all or any part of Our business in accordance with applicable law;
with Your consent; or
for the purposes of disaster recovery.
In addition to disclosures required under applicable law, We may disclose Your personal information to Our employees, consultants, and agents, as well as employees, consultants and agents, of Our affiliate group companies. All recipients of Your personal information shall be bound by applicable data protection and privacy provisions set out in this Privacy Policy in order to keep Your information safe and private in accordance with applicable law.
Social Sharing
You may elect to share information about Your use of Our Service within Our Website as well as on other social networks. Please note that We do not control the privacy policies of third party social networks nor are we liable in any way whatsoever for such information sharing on third party networks.
Other Websites and Platforms
The Service may be provided through third party platforms or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose policies regarding the handling of information may differ from Our Privacy Policy. For example, You can access the Service through third party platforms, such as through media devices which connect to the Internet, including, but not limited to, iPads, iPhones, and Android devices. While We endeavor to associate with reputable companies, Snapside is not responsible for the information handling practices of other third party websites and platforms. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy policies, notices and terms of use, which We recommend You read carefully. In addition, You may encounter third party applications that interact with Our Website. To learn more about such third party applications see our Terms of Use www.sport.com/terms_of_use
Eligibility
You must be at least fourteen (14) years of age or older to subscribe to the Sport.com Service and/or Website, and you must obtain parental (or guardian) consent to sign up for any Snapside service which incurs a fee to be paid by any type of payment provider.
Right to Access Your Information
We give You access to a broad range of information about Your account and Your interactions with Us in the “Your Account” portion of the Website. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the personal information You provide to Us relating to Your account. You must be signed in to our Website to access “Your Account.” If You have a question regarding Our Privacy Policy, or want to exercise Your rights regarding Your personal information, please contact Us at Support@Sport.com.
Cookies and Other Technologies to Enhance Our Service
As You interact with Our Service and/or Website, We and Our service providers may place cookies on Your system. Cookies are small pieces of data that are sent to Your browser from a web server and stored on Your system for record keeping purposes. In general, cookies can make the Internet more useful by storing information about Your preferences on a particular system. In addition, Cookies allow Us to keep track and retrieve information about any person who acts in contravention of our Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use. If You would rather not have Cookies on Your computer, You can usually set Your browser to deny some but not all Cookies. You can also delete Cookies from Your computer at Your sole discretion.
Ads Displayed on Third Party Sites
We may use third party advertising companies to serve ads. These companies may use information about Your visits to Our Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to You.
Other Sources of Information
We may collect or receive information about You from other sources including (i) cookies and other automatically collected information (ii) other Snapside users who choose to upload their email contacts; and (iii) third party information providers. This information will be used to supplement Your profile primarily to help You and your friends connect. It will be combined with other information We collect from You in accordance with the policies set out herein.
Security & Communication
Snapside takes information security very seriously and uses the most up to date industry accepted administrative, technical, physical, and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. We continuously strive to safeguard the confidentiality of any such data and information and improve our security measures; however, we cannot ensure, and you should not expect, that any data and information received from You or otherwise obtained in connection with Our Service and/or Website will always remain private and secure.
By using Our Service, including Our Website and user interfaces, or providing information to Us through any means, You agree that we can communicate with You electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to Your Account, and Your use of the Sport.com Service and/or Website, including user interfaces.
Your Privacy Rights
We do not share personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless You affirmatively agree to such disclosure, such as by “opting-in” to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes, or other promotion, on one of Our websites. If You agree to share Your personal information with a third party for its marketing purposes, We will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as We do not share information with any third party (other than our service providers) on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of Your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party do not opt-in to such use when You provide personal information on one of Our websites.
Unsubscribing, Removing or Modifying Your Information
You have the right to withdraw any consent you’ve given with respect to Our use of your personal data. Furthermore, You have the right to access Your data and to modify or delete such data in the event Your data as stored by Us is incorrect or otherwise unlawful.
To modify Your Account or to completely opt-out of receiving any Snapside communications, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “view or change my profile” section of the Website. Please note that due to e-mail production and sms production schedules, you may still receive any mailings or sms that are already in production.
To delete all of Your online Account information from our Website database, sign into the “view or change my profile” section of the Website and click “delete my profile”. Note that if you request Your Account information to be deleted from our Website database, we may maintain information about individual sales transactions in order to service that transaction or for record keeping. This information will not contain credit details.
Consent and Changes to Our Privacy Policy
By using Our Service and/or Website You consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This is Our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier versions of Our Privacy Policy.
If the Sport.com Online Shop is acquired or merged with another company, Your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to You.
As We update and expand Our Service We may make changes to this policy. Although We shall endeavor to post a notification regarding such changes, You should check back for updates to this policy from time to time. You acknowledge that Your assent to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy subsequent to any changes made following Your initial consent as well as Your use of the sport.com Website or continued use of Our Service after Our posting of changes to this Privacy Policy indicates that You agree to be bound by such updates to Our Privacy Policy.
Contacting Us
If You have questions concerning Your account or this Privacy Policy, including the treatment of Your personal information and/or our use of cookies and other technologies, please contact Our Privacy Compliance Officer via email at Support@Sport.com. We will do our best to respond in a timely manner.
This Privacy Policy has been updated on January 27, 2017.
