The Country Cook (www.thecountrycook.net) (“Website”) is governed by the following Privacy Policy. 
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website. 
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?
Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website: We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form. In addition, we may ask you to create a user profile, which would allow you to create a username and password. We will store the username, but your password will not be visible in our records. 
Information We Collect from Others: We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you use a third-party software through the site, they may transfer information to us for fulfillment. 
Automatically-Collected Information: We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked. 
Cookies: We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
We may use the information collected in the following ways: 
To operate and maintain the Website; 
To create your account, identify you as a user of the Website, and customize the Website for your account; 
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings; 
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts; 
To respond to your comments or inquiries; 
To provide you with user support; 
To track and measure advertising on the Website; 
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.
Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies. The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers: 
Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics. 
Mailchimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications. 
Rafflecopter – this service is used for giveaways on the site. Your name, email address and IP address are captured at time of entry.
InLinkz – This service is used to allow content creators to share links to their websites in a weekly post we call Weekend Potluck. This Information collected includes email address, internet protocol (IP) addresses as well as browser type, URLs of referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, locale and language preferences
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion. 
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
ANONYMOUS DATA
From time to time, we may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone, or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies. 
PUBLICLY VISIBLE INFORMATION
If you create a user profile on the Website or leave a comment, certain information may be publicly visible. 
COOKIES
The Website uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Website content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein. 
Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies, by the Website, by using a corresponding setting of your internet browser and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate the setting of cookies in your Internet browser, not all functions of our Website may be entirely usable.
ADVERTISING
This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC (“AdThrive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site.  AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com . You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org . However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing.  If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact AdThrive at info@adthrive.com . If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences icon. (Available in the EU.)
SPONSORED CONTENT TRACKING PIXELS
This Website may engage in sponsored campaigns with various influencer networks, brands, and agencies. All sponsored content is duly disclosed in accordance with the FTC’s requirements. From time to time, these sponsored campaigns utilize tracking pixels (aka web beacons), which may contain cookies to collect data regarding usage and audience. This information is collected by the sponsoring company to track the results of the campaign. No personally identifiable information collected by the Website is used in conjunction with these tracking pixels.
AFFILIATE PROGRAM MARKETING
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.  
The Country Cook is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com.  As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
NEWSLETTERS
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may collect personally identifiable information from users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features, or resources we make available on this site including, but not limited to, email newsletters, contests/giveaways, and the Just A Pinch Food Group Recipe Box. Where applicable, users may be asked for a name, email address, and other personally identifiable information. This is collected from users only if they submit such information voluntarily. Certain features and services, like the Just A Pinch Food Group Recipe Box, may offer the user the ability to opt-in to services provided by third-party websites. It is the user’s responsibility to review the policies of any third-party websites before opting-in to their services. This privacy policy does not cover the use of information collected by these third-party websites. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information with the knowledge that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site activities or features.
RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at brandie@thecountrycook.net to be removed from our mailing list. 
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you 
FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION
Access – You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to brandie@thecountrycook.net. 
Amend – You may contact us at brandie@thecountrycook.netto amend or update your personal information. 
Forget – In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to brandie@thecountrycook.net. 
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at brandie@thecountrycook.netand we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
CONTACT INFORMATION
At any time, please contact us at brandie@thecountrycook.net for questions related to this Privacy Policy. 
Last updated: July 25, 2018
First Name
E-Mail Address
Search my recipes...
All Rights Reserved. Unless otherwise noted, all images and content here on
