Privacy and Civil Liberties at CIA
The United States Government, including the CIA, has a solemn obligation to protect fully the legal rights of all Americans, including freedoms, civil liberties, and privacy rights guaranteed by federal law. The CIA collects, analyzes, and disseminates critical foreign intelligence information to national security policymakers in a manner consistent with this obligation.
All of the CIA’s intelligence activities must be properly authorized, and the collection, retention, or dissemination of information concerning United States persons may only be conducted pursuant to specific procedures approved by the Director of the CIA and the Attorney General. While the protection of national security requires that many of the CIA’s intelligence activities remain secret, in order to improve public understanding and trust and to allow the public to hold CIA to account, CIA has released its procedures for protecting Americans’ personal information and has provided an extensive explanation of the authorizations and limitations regarding such information.
Reports of the OPCL:
Complaints Concerning Privacy and Civil Liberties:
Members of the public may contact the CIA Privacy and Civil Liberties Officer to make a complaint regarding possible violations of privacy protections or civil liberties in the administration of CIA programs and operations. A complaint may be sent via postal mail to the following address:
Central Intelligence Agency
Washington, D.C. 20505
Members of the public may also submit a complaint using the web form . To ensure proper routing, please indicate that your complaint is addressed to the Privacy and Civil Liberties Officer.
OPCL will review all complaints directed to the PCLO. A complaint must state the possible violation of privacy protections or civil liberties with sufficient detail to allow the PCLO to assess the nature of the complaint and whether a remedy may be appropriate. Due to limited resources, OPCL will not be able to respond to complaints that do not provide sufficiently detailed information. A response by the PCLO will neither confirm nor deny the accuracy of the complaint and/or whether the individual has been subject to CIA action, but will confirm that the complaint has been properly investigated and indicate, when appropriate, that the matter has been remedied or found to be in compliance with applicable law or policy. A complaint also may be referred to the CIA Office of Inspector General or to another Federal Government agency, as appropriate.
If you are seeking to request records related to yourself or another individual, pursuant to the Privacy Act or Freedom of Information Act, please follow the instructions found here:
Additional Privacy and Civil Liberties Authorities and Resources:
The Constitution of the United States: A Transcription - “A transcription of the Constitution as it was inscribed by Jacob Shallus on parchment (the document on display in the Rotunda at the National Archives Museum). The spelling and punctuation reflects the original.”
Last Updated:  Mar 26, 2018 07:05 PM
 
The Office of Public Affairs (OPA) is the single point of contact for all inquiries about the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
We read every letter, fax, or e-mail we receive, and we will convey your comments to CIA officials outside OPA as appropriate. However, with limited staff and resources, we simply cannot respond to all who write to us.
Contact Information
Before contacting us:
Please check our site map , search feature, or our site navigation on the left to locate the information you seek. We do not routinely respond to questions for which answers are found within this Web site.
Employment : We do not routinely answer questions about employment beyond the information on this Web site, and we do not routinely answer inquiries about the status of job applications. Recruiting will contact applicants within 45 days if their qualifications meet our needs.
Because of safety concerns for the prospective applicant, as well as security and communication issues, the CIA Recruitment Center does not accept resumes, nor can we return phone calls, e-mails or other forms of communication, from US citizens living outside of the US. When you return permanently to the US (not on vacation or leave), please visit the CIA Careers page and apply online for the position of interest.
To verify an employee's employment, please contact the Employment Verification Office .
Solicitations to transfer large sums of money to your bank account: If you receive a solicitation to transfer a large amount of money from an African nation to your bank account in exchange for a payment of millions of dollars, go to the US Secret Service Web site for information about the Nigerian Advance Fee Fraud or "4-1-9" Fraud scheme.
If you have information which you believe might be of interest to the CIA in pursuit of the CIA's foreign intelligence mission, you may use our e-mail form . We will carefully protect all information you provide, including your identity. The CIA, as a foreign intelligence agency, does not engage in US domestic law enforcement.
×
Report Threats
The United States and its partners continue to face a  growing number of global threats and challenges. The CIA’s mission  includes collecting and analyzing information about high priority  national security issues such as international terrorism, the  proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, cyber attacks,  international organized crime and narcotics trafficking, regional  conflicts, counterintelligence threats, and the effects of environmental  and natural disasters.
These challenges are international in scope and are priorities for  the Central Intelligence Agency. If you have information about these or  other national security challenges, please provide it through our secure  online form.  The information you provide will be protected and  confidential. The CIA is particularly interested in information about  imminent or planned terrorist attacks.  In cases where an imminent  threat exists, immediately contact your local law enforcement agencies  and provide them with the threat information.
