 
Overview
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Data collected to serve you with relevant advertising
 
 
 
 
Data collected by companies that operate cookie-based exchanges to serve you with relevant advertising.
 
What information we collect from you
 
 
 
How we use this information
 
 
 
 
- Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including package delivery, business analytics, customer service, marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention. These companies have access to information needed to perform their functions but are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose.
 
 
- In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
- When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of AutoRentals, our customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements.
 
 
- We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors a Web site receives or what are the most popular auto rental locations. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.
- Occasionally, AutoRentals may participate in reward programs. In order to properly credit you for your reward, we may share basic customer information with the reward-giver
 
Sweepstakes, Online Surveys, and Order Forms
 
 
Tell-a-Friend and Email This Deal
 
Children Under 13 Years Old
 
IP Addresses
 
Cookies
 
 
 
Links to Other Sites
 
Security, Fraud, and Abuse
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. AutoRentals regularly reviews these measures to better protect users. Occasionally information may be provided to AutoRentals fraudulently or by an individual unauthorized to provide such information. AutoRentals may use all information it collects for reasonable investigation and prosecution of suspected fraud and/or abuse. AutoRentals may provide all information it collects to third parties as necessary to comply with law enforcement requests or other legal requirements.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Notification of Changes
 
Data Products
 
Business Assets
 
