Download MSW Program Information
Download MSW Program Information
Get all the need-to-know details in our 16-page Online MSW program guide.
Admission Requirements
Curriculum
Contact Us
Contact Us
One of our friendly admission counselors will contact you soon to address all your questions about the Online MSW program. In the meantime, you will gain immediate access to the Online MSW program guide.
Download MSW Program Guide
Highest Level of Education
Download MSW Program Guide
Submitting this form constitutes your express written consent to be called and/or texted by Florida State University at the number(s) you provided, regarding furthering your education. You understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology, including by way of example, auto-dialer and click-to dial technologies. Calls may be recorded for quality assurance and training purposes. Click here to read our privacy policy.
X Close Form
X Close Form
Hands-On Training
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity. It is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide and to help you in making informed decisions when using our site, products and services. This Privacy Policy will be continually assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs.
In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, no one under 13 years of age can use the web site. If you are a minor between the ages of 13 and 18, you may use the site only in conjunction with your parent, legal guardian or other responsible adult.
As described below, some of your personally identifiable information will be used by us for the purpose of contacting you regarding the information that you have requested. By using the web site, you expressly consent to our use of your personal information and also to the disclosure to and use of this information in our efforts contact you and for continued marketing effort by our school and agents charged with communicating with our customers and potential customers. You acknowledge that communications to, from and through this web site are not confidential. You agree that by submitting communications through this web site, no confidential, fiduciary, contractually implied or other relationship is created between you and this web site other than pursuant to this Privacy Policy.
Submitting the request information form constitutes your express written consent to be called, emailed, and/or texted by Florida State University at the number(s) you provided, regarding furthering your education. You understand that these calls, emails, and/or texts may be generated using an automated technology, including by way of example, auto-dialer and click-to dial technologies.
Copyright Notice
Copyright, The Florida State University, 2014. All rights reserved. All websites on the Florida State University network, whether official publications of the University or unofficial, must abide by the University's Use of Information Technology Resources . Those policies forbid the copying or use of software or other electronic material without proper licensing or permission from the owners.
The Florida State University Chief Auditor should be contacted to report an infringement. See the Procedure to Report an Online Copyright Infringement for more information.
Pursue a License in Social Work with In-Field Placements
As an online MSW student, you’ll participate in social work field placements that will qualify you to pursue a license in clinical social work upon graduation. Both our Advanced Standing and Traditional online Master of Social Work programs are clinically-focused so you’ll get the real-world experience you need to be career-ready. Our social work programs are part-time to accommodate busy working professionals.
Voted #1 MSW in the State of FL
Ranked the No. 1 online Master of Social Work program in the state of Florida, and No. 38 in the nation for "Best Graduate Schools" by U.S. News & World Report
A Top 25 Best Value
Ranked in the Top 25 "Best Values in Public Colleges" by Kiplinger’s Personal Finance
CSWE Accredited
We rigorously adhere to the accreditation standards established by the Council on Social Work Education
Connect with a Friendly MSW Admissions Advisor
Whether you just have a simple question or need advice to determine if this Master of Social Work program is right for you, our friendly MSW advisors are here to guide you. They can chat with you on your schedule and guide you through the entire admissions process so you can feel confident in moving forward with an Online MSW program.
- S. Thompson
