bank
order status
order type
order types
user guide
user management
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Strictly necessary cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are typically set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. While you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, some parts of the website will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Always Active
Performance Cookies and Web Beacons
Performance cookies and web beacons allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve website performance. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors navigate around our website. All information these cookies and web beacons collect is aggregated and anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons we will not know when you have visited our website and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Active
Functional Cookies
Functional cookies enable our website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.
Active
Targeting Cookies and Web Beacons
Targeting cookies and web beacons may be set through our website by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other websites. They do not directly store personal information, but uniquely identify your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons, you will experience less targeted advertising. Our website does not track users when they cross to third party websites, does not provide targeted advertising to them and therefore does not respond to "Do Not Track" signals.
Active
Interactive Brokers Group Privacy Policy
At Interactive Brokers, we understand that confidentiality and security  of the personal information ("Personal Information") that  you share with us is important. The Interactive Brokers Group affiliates (collectively, "IBKR"), are committed  to protecting the privacy of Personal Information, including Personal  Information related to individuals who may be customers, employees, agents, job  applicants or others inside or outside of IBKR.  That is why we have developed specific policies and practices designed  to protect the privacy of your Personal Information. By opening an account at IBKR or by utilizing the products, services and  applications available through IBKR, you have consented to the collection and  use of your Personal Information in accordance with this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy" or "Policy"). We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This Policy is based on the privacy and data protection principles common to the countries in which we operate. This Policy is intended to summarize IBKR's data protection practices generally and to advise our customers, prospective customers, job applicants, website visitors and other third parties about IBKR's privacy policies that may be applicable to them.
This Policy is specifically addressed to those who provide Personal Information to IBKR or who visit or use IBKR's websites, trading platforms, software application and social media sites.
Who is responsible for your Personal Information?
IBKR  is responsible for the Personal Information that  we may collect in the manner discussed below. IBKR includes: Interactive  Brokers LLC, One Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830 United States; Interactive  Brokers (U.K.) Limited, (03958476)  a Private Limited Company with registered office address, Level 20 Heron  Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London EC2N 4AY; and their respective affiliates (the  "IBKR Entities").  Specifically, your Personal Information will be controlled by the IBKR Entity  that is providing services or communication to you. In some instances your  Personal Information will be controlled by more than one IBKR Entity.
How  do  we  collect  your  Personal  Information  and  what  Personal Information do we collect?
IBKR  collects and processes Personal Information from you. This may include, among other things,  information:
provided during the IBKR account application process or during use of any of IBKR's website applications (for example, your name, email address, telephone number, birth date, tax ID number, investment objectives, etc.);
acquired as a result of the transactions you conduct through the IBKR systems or in connection with services offered by IBKR (for example, if you participate in IBKR's debit card program);
received from consumer-reporting agencies;
collected through Internet cookies (for further information on our use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy).
Are you required to provide Personal Information?
In order for you to utilize our services, you  will provide us with your Personal Information entirely voluntarily. In most  circumstances IBKR cannot take action without utilizing certain of your Personal  Information, for example, because this Personal Information is required to process  your instructions or orders or provide you with access to our services or marketing  materials. In most cases, it will be impossible for us to provide the services  to you without the relevant Personal Information.
For what purposes will we use your Personal Information?
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes ("Permitted Purposes"):
To provide you with brokerage and other services available on our platforms, and/or to deal with any requests or inquiries you may have;
To pursue legitimate interests, including to carry out, monitor and analyze our business or operations;
To conduct our recruiting processes;
To contact you (unless you tell us that you prefer us not to) regarding features and functionality that may be of interest to you;
To enter into or carry out contracts of various kinds;
To  conduct  monitoring  by  us  or  any  other  person  on  our  behalf  using  various methods, including: (i) the use of "intelligent" automated monitoring tools; or (ii) through random monitoring of systems, for example systematically via electronic communication recording tools; (iii) specific monitoring of systems for example in relation to investigations, regulatory requests, subject access requests, litigation, arbitration or mediation or; (iv) data tracking, aggregation and analysis tools that pull data from various disparate data sources to draw linkages and/or detect behavioral patterns,  interactions  or  preferences  for  analysis  (including  predictive  analysis); and/or (v) using other similar monitoring technology that may become available from time to time;
To comply with applicable laws or regulations in any country;
For any other purpose for which your Personal Information was provided to us.
We may process your Personal Information for the following purposes after obtaining your express consent where legally required:
To communicate with you through the channels you have approved to keep you up to date on the latest developments, announcements and other information about IBKR services, products and technologies;
To conduct customer surveys, marketing campaigns, market analysis, or promotional activities;
To collect information about your preferences to create a user profile to personalize and foster the quality of our communication and interaction with you (for example, by way of newsletter tracking or website analytics).
Where legally required, with regard to  marketing-related communication, we will only provide you with such information  after you have opted in and we will also provide you with the opportunity to  opt out at any time if you do not wish to receive further marketing-related  communication from us. We like to keep our customers, personnel and other  interested parties informed of company developments, including news relating to  IBKR that we believe is of interest to them. If you do not wish to receive  publications or details of events or seminars that we consider may be of  interest to you, please let us know by following this link: https://www.interactivebrokers.com/en/index.php?f=464 . Where legally required, we will not use your Personal  Information for taking any automated decisions affecting you or creating  profiles other than described above.
Depending on which of the above Permitted Purposes we use your Personal Information for, we may process your Personal Information on one or more of the following legal grounds:
Because processing is necessary for the performance of a client instruction or other contract with you or your organization;
To comply with our legal obligations (for example, to keep pension records or records for tax purposes);
Because processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interest or those of any third party recipients that receive your Personal Information, provided that such interests are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms;
Because processing is useful or necessary in our discretion, and is not prohibited under the law of the relevant jurisdiction.
In addition, the processing may be based on your consent where you have expressly given that to us.
Who we share your Personal Information with, and in what circumstances
We may share your Personal Information in the following circumstances:
We may share your Personal Information between the IBKR Entities on a confidential basis as allowed by applicable law or where required for the purpose of providing products or services and for administrative, billing and other business purposes. A list of the countries in which IBKR Entities are located can be found on our website;
We may instruct service providers within or outside of IBKR, domestically or abroad, to process Personal Information for the Permitted Purposes on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions. For example, if you choose to subscribe to any services provided by a third-party provider listed on an Interactive Brokers Investors' Marketplace, we may disclose such information to the service providers as necessary for them to provide the services that you have requested. IBKR generally requires these service providers to enter into confidentiality agreements with IBKR that limit their use of the information that they receive. Such agreements prohibit the service provider from using IBKR customer information that they receive other than to carry out the purposes for which the information was disclosed. If required by law, IBKR will retain control over and will remain responsible for your Personal Information and will use appropriate safeguards to ensure the integrity and security of your Personal Information when engaging service providers;
We may share your Personal Information with companies providing services in the areas of fraud and crime prevention and with companies providing similar services, including financial institutions such as credit reference agencies and regulatory bodies;
We may share your data with third parties to assist us with the conduct of our recruitment processes;
Consistent with applicable law, we may share your Personal Information with courts, law enforcement authorities, regulators or attorneys or other parties for the establishment, exercise or defence of a legal or equitable claim or for the purposes of a confidential alternative dispute resolution process;
We may also use aggregated Personal Information and statistics for the purpose of monitoring website usage in order to help us develop our website and our services.
Otherwise, we will only disclose your Personal Information when you direct us or give us permission to do so, when we are allowed or required by applicable law or regulations or judicial or official request to do so, or as required to investigate actual or suspected fraudulent or criminal activities.
Personal Information about other people that you  provide to us
If  you  provide Personal Information to us about someone else (such as one of your  directors or employees or someone with whom you have business dealings), you  must ensure that you are entitled to disclose that Personal Information to us  and that, without our taking any further steps, we may collect, use and  disclose that Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. In  particular, you must ensure that the individual concerned is aware of the  various matters detailed in this Privacy Policy, as those matters relate to  that individual, including our identity, how to contact us, our purposes of  collection, our Personal Information disclosure practices (including disclosure to overseas  recipients), any right the individual may have to obtain access to the Personal  Information and make complaints about the handling of the Personal Information  and the consequences if the Personal Information is not provided (such as our  inability to provide services).
Keeping Personal Information about you secure
To the extent required by law, we will take  appropriate technical and organizational measures to keep your Personal  Information confidential and secure in accordance with our internal procedures  covering the storage, disclosure of and access to Personal Information. Personal  Information may be kept on our Information Technology systems, those of our  contractors or in paper files.
Transferring your Personal Information outside the EEA (if GDPR applies)
For  Personal Information subject to the General Data Protection Regulation (EU)  2016/679 (“GDPR”) we may transfer your Personal Information outside the EEA for  the Permitted Purposes as described above. This may include countries that do  not provide the same level of protection as the laws of your home country (for  example, the laws within the EEA or the United States). We will ensure that any  such international transfers are made subject to appropriate or suitable  safeguards if required by the GDPR or other relevant laws. You may contact us at  any time using the contact details below if you would like further information  on such safeguards.
With respect to persons covered by GDPR, in case Personal Information is  transferred to countries or territories outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)  that are not recognized by the European Commission as offering an adequate  level of data protection, we have put in place appropriate data transfer  mechanisms to ensure Personal Information is protected.
Updating your Personal Information
If  any of the Personal Information that you have  provided to us changes, for example if you change your email address or if you  wish to cancel any request that you have made of us, please let us know by  contacting IBKR Customer Service through the IBKR  website at interactivebrokers.com/help . We will not be responsible for any losses arising from  any inaccurate, inauthentic, deficient or incomplete Personal Information that  you provide to us.
How long do we retain your Personal Information?
We retain your Personal Information in an identifiable form in accordance with our internal policies which establish general standards and procedures regarding the retention, handling and disposition of your Personal Information. Personal Information is retained for as long as necessary to meet legal, regulatory and business requirements. Retention periods may be extended if we are required to preserve your Personal Information in connection with litigation, investigations and proceedings.
Further rights for persons or information covered by GDPR
With respect to EEA residents and where your Personal Information is processed by an IBKR Entity established in the EEA (“Covered Individuals”).
If you are a Covered Individual you have a number of legal rights under GDPR in relation to the Personal Information that we hold about you. These rights include:
Obtaining information regarding the processing of your personal information and access to the personal information that we hold about you. Please note that there may be circumstances in which we are entitled to refuse requests for access to copies of personal information, (in particular, information that is subject to legal professional privilege);
Requesting that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate or incomplete;
Requesting that we erase your personal information in certain circumstances. Please note that there may be circumstances where you ask us to erase your personal information but we are legally entitled to retain it;
Objecting to, and requesting that we restrict, our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. Again, there may be circumstances where you object to, or ask us to restrict, our processing of your personal information but we are legally entitled to refuse that request;
Withdrawing your consent, although in certain circumstances it may be lawful for us to continue processing without your consent if we have another legitimate reason (other than consent) for doing so.
We have designated a Data Protection Officer ("DPO") to enhance and promote compliance with and understanding of privacy and data protection principles. If you wish to do any of the above please send an email to dpo@interactivebrokers.co.uk .
We may request that you prove your identity by providing us with a copy of a valid means of identification in order for us to comply with our security obligations and to prevent unauthorized disclosure of data. We reserve the right to charge you a reasonable administrative fee for any manifestly unfounded or excessive requests concerning your access to your data and for any additional copies of the Personal Information you request from us.
We will consider any requests or complaints that we receive and provide you with a response in a timely manner. If you are not satisfied with our response, you may take your complaint to the relevant privacy regulator. We will provide you with details of your relevant regulator upon request.
Updates to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 17 May 2018. We reserve the right to update and change this Privacy Policy from time to time, for example, in order to reflect any changes to the way in which we process your Personal Information or changing legal requirements. In case of any such changes, we will post the changed Privacy Policy on our website or publish it otherwise. The changes will take effect as soon as they are posted on our website.
How to contact us
We welcome your views about our website and our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact the Data Protection Office at dpo@interactivebrokers.co.uk or please contact IB Customer Service through the IB website at interactivebrokers.com/help .
Interactive Brokers Group Cookie Policy
What are Cookies and Web Beacons?
Cookies are pieces of data that a website transfers to  a user's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Web beacons are transparent  pixel images that are used in collecting information about website usage,  e-mail response and tracking. Generally,  cookies may contain information about your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, the region or general  location where your computer or device is accessing the internet, browser type,  operating system and other usage information about the website or your usage of  our services, including a history of the pages you view.
How We Use Cookies and Web Beacons
Interactive Brokers Group collects information from cookies and web beacons and stores it in an internal database. This information is retained in accordance with our Privacy Policy. This website uses the following cookies and web beacons:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can configure your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but certain areas of the site will not function properly. These cookies do not store any personal data.
Performance Cookies and Web Beacons
These cookies and web beacons allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information that these cookies and web beacons collect is aggregated and, therefore, anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons our aggregated statistics will not have a record of your visit.
The website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics  uses cookies to help  analyse how  you use this  website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purposes of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
Functional Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly.
Targeting Cookies and Web Beacons
These cookies and web beacons may be set throughout our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store personal information that could identify you directly, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies and web beacons, you will experience less targeted advertising. The website does not track users when they cross to third party websites, does not provide targeted advertising to them and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track ("DNT") signals.
Managing Your Cookie Preferences
You have many choices with regards to the management of cookies on your computer. All major browsers allow you to block or delete cookies from your system. However, if you do decide to disable cookies you may not be able to access some areas of our website or the website may function incorrectly. To learn more about your ability to manage cookies and web beacons and how   to   disable   them,   please   consult   the   privacy   features   in   your   browser   or visit www.allaboutcookies.org .
 
 
 
 
Interactive Brokers ®, IBSM, InteractiveBrokers.com ®, IB Universal Account ®, Interactive Analytics ®, IB Options AnalyticsSM, IB SmartRoutingSM, PortfolioAnalyst ®, IB Trader WorkstationSM and One World, One AccountSM are service marks and/or trademarks of Interactive Brokers LLC. Supporting documentation for any claims and statistical information will be provided upon request. Any trading symbols displayed are for illustrative purposes only and are not intended to portray recommendations.
The risk of loss in online trading of stocks, options, futures, forex, foreign equities, and bonds can be substantial.
Options involve risk and are not suitable for all investors. Before investing in options, read the "Characteristics and Risks of Standardized Options". For a copy visit http://www.theocc.com/about/publications/character-risks.jsp . Before trading, clients must read the relevant risk disclosure statements on our Warnings and Disclosures page - http://www.interactivebrokers.com/disclosures . Trading on margin is only for sophisticated investors with high risk tolerance. You may lose more than your initial investment. For additional information regarding margin loan rates, see http://www.interactivebrokers.com/interest . Security futures involve a high degree of risk and are not suitable for all investors. The amount you may lose may be greater than your initial investment. Before trading security futures, read the Security Futures Risk Disclosure Statement. For a copy visit http://www.interactivebrokers.com/disclosures . There is a substantial risk of loss in foreign exchange trading. The settlement date of foreign exchange trades can vary due to time zone differences and bank holidays. When trading across foreign exchange markets, this may necessitate borrowing funds to settle foreign exchange trades. The interest rate on borrowed funds must be considered when computing the cost of trades across multiple markets.
is a member NYSE - FINRA - SIPC and regulated by the US Securities and Exchange Commission and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission. Headquarters: One Pickwick Plaza, Greenwich, CT 06830 USA
Registered Office: 1800 McGill College Avenue, Suite 2106, Montreal, Quebec, H3A 3J6, Canada.
×
