Search for:
Privacy Policy
Harcourt Health understands how important the privacy of personal information is to our users. This Privacy Policy will tell you what information we collect about you and about your use of Harcourt Health and its services. It will explain the choices you have about how your personal information is used and how we protect that information. We urge you to read this Privacy Policy carefully.
This Privacy Policy applies to Web sites owned and operated by Harcourt Health that are intended for use by consumers (non-professionals) for non-commercial personal, family or household purposes, including Harcourt Health.com, MedicineNet.com, RxList.com, and eMedicineHealth.com and including the mobile optimized versions of these sites (we refer to these sites collectively as the “Harcourt Health Web Sites”). This Privacy Policy also applies to the consumer-facing version of the Harcourt Health Health Manager Product. However, if you are an employee or health plan member who has enabled access to your health record at Harcourt Health.com by registering at your employer’s or health plan’s website, the privacy policy applicable to your information at your employer’s or health plan’s website remains applicable to your personal health record at Harcourt Health.com. If your employer or health plan account is no longer made available to you by your employer or health plan, you will continue to have access to your health information from Harcourt Health.com, using the same username and password, but will be subject to this Privacy Policy. Except where noted, statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the Harcourt Health Web Sites also apply to the Harcourt Health Mobile Device Application (or “App”) including the Harcourt Health Baby Mobile Device App for the iPhone, the iPad and mobile devices operating with the Android operating system.
References to “Harcourt Health” mean Harcourt Health LLC, including any company that Harcourt Health, LLC controls (for example, a subsidiary that Harcourt Health, LLC owns). Harcourt Health may share information among its subsidiaries or web sites that it owns or controls, but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected About You
Personal Information
If you choose to register or update an existing member profile with Harcourt Health or access certain functionality on the Harcourt Health Web Sites, you may be required to submit Personal Information. “Personal Information” means information that we can use to identify or contact you, such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. Some of our interactive tools and services may request you to submit health information, which would also be considered Personal Information. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of the Personal Information that you submit to Harcourt Health. Inaccurate information will affect your experience when using the Harcourt Health Web Sites and tools and our ability to contact you as described in this Privacy Policy.
Registration
Access to some Harcourt Health interactive tools and services may be limited to users who have registered. Some of our tools (such as certain quizzes or calculators) do not retain your Personal Information, while others (such as Ovulation/Pregnancy Calendar) store your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the authorization you provide at the time you submit Personal Information in order to use the tool. Harcourt Health Health Manager, which allows you a secure place to gather, store, manage and share your Personal Information and provides tools and services to better manage your health and the health of your family, requires additional registration. Harcourt Health Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages. However,  Harcourt Health does not allow any third parties to place beacons or cookies or to gather any data about you in connection with your use of the Harcourt Health Health Manager.  Furthermore, Harcourt Health does not use any information that you submit in connection with that tool to deliver any advertisements to you on or off of the Harcourt Health Web Sites.
If you download the Harcourt Health The Magazine App from the Apple App Store News Stand and agree to provide your information to Harcourt Health, your information will be treated like that of a registered user under this Privacy Policy.
Newsletters & Emails to You
At registration and at various times as you use the Harcourt Health Web Sites, you will be given the option of providing us with Personal Information in order to receive recurring informational/promotional newsletters – such as a newsletter relating to a specific health condition – via email from Harcourt Health and/or directly from third parties. In the Harcourt Health Health Community, you can also click the “Watch This Discussion” link in any Health Community posting, and Harcourt Health will send you an email summary of each day’s postings in that Community.
When you sign up for our email newsletters or at any time, you can choose to  opt out  of receiving additional promotional newsletters from Harcourt Health or our Sponsors.
You can unsubscribe from a newsletter by:
Following the directions included at the bottom of the newsletter.
Logging in to the Harcourt Health Web Sites and unchecking the newsletters you no longer wish to receive under the “My Profile” section.
Email a Friend
If you use our Email a Friend service to tell a friend about a feature on the Harcourt Health Web Sites or a newsletter, we will ask you for your name, your email address and your friend’s email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site using your name and email address as the “from” email address. Harcourt Health does not use your friend’s email information for any other purpose. We will only use the information you provide to send the requested email to your friend.
Market Research
From time to time, Harcourt Health may conduct online research surveys through email invitations, pop-up surveys and online focus groups. When participating in a survey, we may ask you to enter Personal Information. The Personal Information you submit in a survey may be used by Harcourt Health for research and measurement purposes, as described below, including to measure the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. When our market research surveys collect Personal Information we will not knowingly accept participants who are under the age of 13. Market research surveys conducted by or on behalf of Harcourt Health will contain a link to this Privacy Policy.
Community, Health Communities, Blogs and Other Public Forums
Harcourt Health features several community areas and other public forums where users with similar interests or medical conditions can share information and support one another or where users can post questions for experts to answer. We also offer online discussions moderated by healthcare experts. Our communities are open to the public and should not be considered private.
Any information (including Personal Information) you share in any online community area including a chat room, Health Community, Ask Our Expert posting or online discussion is by design open to the public and is not private. You should think carefully before posting any Personal Information in any public forum. What you post can be seen, disclosed to or collected by third parties and may be used by others in ways we cannot control or predict, including to contact you for unauthorized purposes. As with any public forum on any site, the information you post may also show up in third-party search engines.
If you mistakenly post Personal Information in our Community areas and would like it removed, you can send us an email to request that we remove it by using the  Contact Us  link on every page of the Harcourt Health Web Sites. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information.
Emails You Send to Harcourt Health
This Privacy Policy does not apply to information, content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to Harcourt Health by email. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not send them in an email to Harcourt Health.
Non-Personal Information
Even if you do not register with or provide any Personal Information to Harcourt Health, we collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the Harcourt Health Web Sites. “Non-Personal Information” means information that we cannot use to identify or contact you. We may also acquire Non-Personal Information about our users from external sources    While you may use some of the functionality of Harcourt Health without registration, many of the specific tools and services on the Harcourt Health Web Sites require that you register with Harcourt Health.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We collect Non-Personal Information about your use of the Harcourt Health Web Sites and your use of other web sites through the use of Cookies and Web Beacons. “Cookies” are small data files that are stored on the hard drive of the computer you use to view a web site. Every computer that accesses the Harcourt Health Web Sites is assigned a different cookie by Harcourt Health. “Web Beacons” are graphic image files imbedded in a web page typically used to monitor activity on a web page and send back to its home server (which can belong to the host site, a network advertiser or some other third party) information from your browser, such as the IP address, the URL of the page on which the beacon is located, the type browser that is accessing the site and the ID number of any Cookies on your computer previously placed by that server.
Third parties under contract with Harcourt Health may use Cookies or Web Beacons to collect Non-Personal Information about your usage of the Harcourt Health Web Sites, including which health topics you have viewed. These third party advertising service providers may use this information, on our behalf, to help Harcourt Health deliver advertising on the Harcourt Health Web Sites as well as on other sites on the Internet based on your browsing activity on our sites. Harcourt Health may further tailor the advertising on these third party sites based on additional Non-Personal Information to the extent known by Harcourt Health or these third parties.
Mobile Device Applications (“Apps”)
When you download and install one of our Harcourt Health Mobile Apps onto your mobile device we assign a random number to your App installation. This number cannot be used to identify you personally, and we cannot identify you personally unless you choose to become a registered user of the App. We use this random number in a manner similar to our use of Cookies as described in this Privacy Policy. Unlike Cookies, the random number is assigned to your installation of the App itself and not a browser, because the App does not work through your browser. Therefore the random number cannot be removed through settings. If you do not want us to use the random number for the purposes for which we use Cookies, please do not use the Mobile Device App, and please use your mobile device browser to access the Harcourt Health Web Sites or our mobile optimized sites. We do not obtain any information about your mobile device, other than the brand, make and model and type of operating software your device uses. Please note that certain Harcourt Health Mobile Apps require registration either to use the App or to use certain functionality in the App.
Harcourt Health’s Sites (including our mobile sites such as m.Harcourt Health.com) and Harcourt Health’s Apps ask for your consent (via an opt-in) before using information from pin-pointing technology like GPS or cell tower information. You can withdraw your consent (opt-out) for the use of “location” by Harcourt Health at any time by changing your location services in the “Settings” function on your mobile device. We use location services on our web sites and Apps to provide you content based upon your location, local search results, and local offers.
Non-Personal Information Collected by Third Parties Not Acting on Harcourt Health’s Behalf
We work with third parties to display advertising that reflects the interests and preferences of our user community. Sponsors or advertisers on the Harcourt Health Web Sites may use their own Cookies, Web Beacons or other online tracking technologies in the banner advertisements served on the Harcourt Health Web Sites and in emails, special promotions or newsletters we send you. Their advertisements may be displayed on the Harcourt Health Web Sites or on other sites that you visit after you visit the Harcourt Health Web Sites. Some advertisers use companies other than Harcourt Health to serve their ads and to monitor users’ responses to ads, and these companies (“Ad Servers”) may also collect Non-Personal Information through the use of Cookies or Web Beacons on the Harcourt Health Web Sites.
We do not control how third parties use Cookies or Web Beacons or how they manage the Non-Personal Information they gather through the use of these technologies on the Harcourt Health Web Sites. However, we do require sponsors, advertisers and Ad Servers who collect cookie or web beacon information through the Harcourt Health Web Sites to agree that they will not collect any Personal Information from the Harcourt Health Web Sites without your consent. They have promised us they will not link any Non-Personal Information collected by them on the Harcourt Health Web Sites to Personal Information they or others collect in other ways or from other sites except as may be described in connection with a particular program.
What Choices Do I Have?
Updating/Removing Your Personal Information
If you do not want your Personal Information used by Harcourt Health as provided in this Privacy Policy, you should not register as a member or for any specific tool or application that collects Personal Information. You can correct, update or review Personal Information you have previously submitted by going back to the specific tool or application, logging-in and making the desired change. You can also update any Personal Information you have submitted by contacting us using the contact information listed below.
If you have registered and desire to delete any your Personal Information you have provided to us from our systems please contact us using the contact information listed below. Upon your request, we will delete your Personal Information from our active databases and where feasible from our back-up media. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to the Harcourt Health Web Sites from our servers.
If you decide that you would prefer not to receive personalized email or secure electronic messages from the Harcourt Health Health Manager tool, you may “Opt-out” of the service by clicking on the settings tab on your Health Manager home page and changing your email preference or following the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email.
Cookies
Most browser software can be set to reject Cookies. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject Cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. If you reject our Cookies, certain of the functions and conveniences of the Harcourt Health Web Sites may not work properly but you do not have to accept our Cookies in order to productively use the Harcourt Health Web Sites. It is important to note that in order to use the opt-out services described below, such as the Network Advertising Initiative and the TRUSTed Ads Program, you must not reject all Cookies because these opt-out procedures work by placing Cookies on your browser that enable these opt-out procedures to function. The “opt-out Cookies” are placed, for example, in order to help prevent the placement of Cookies used for the targeting of advertising.
Certain Ad Servers allow you to prevent them from collecting data through the use of Cookies. In order to do so, you must Opt-out of such data collection with each individual site. Currently, you can opt out of Cookies for several Ad Servers by visiting the  Network Advertising Initiative  gateway opt-out site or TRUSTe’s Preference Manager at http://preferences.truste.com/ . This website will also allow you to review the Ad Server’s privacy policies. You can find additional information and resources about how to opt out of advertising and related Cookies by visiting the  World Privacy Forum’s Site.
We work with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Sites. Our ad network vendors use technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our web sites to provide you cookie-based targeted advertising based upon your browsing activity and your interests. To read about how to opt out of targeted advertising on the Harcourt Health mobile sites see the section of this policy named  TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices  below
TRUSTed Ads Program Ad Choices
In order to give you more control over your privacy choices we have implemented the TRUSTed Ads™ program from TRUSTe. At the bottom of every page of the Harcourt Health Web Sites you will see an Ad Choices logo, (which looks like this: ). By clicking on that logo you will be presented with a window (the “TRUSTe Window”) that will identify all of the companies that Harcourt Health uses to direct tailored advertisements to you, both on the Harcourt Health Web Sites as well as on third-party sites. If you would like to stop this tailored advertising from Harcourt Health, you can manage these advertisements through the choices in that window. By clicking the + symbol next to the name of a vendor in that window you will get information about how and where that vendor assists us with the delivery of advertisements.
Important: If your device uses the Apple iOS Operating System, you will not see the Ad Choices icon on our mobile optimized sites (such as www.m.Harcourt Health.com.) Advertisements are not tailored based on browsing activity or interests for devices that access our mobile optimized web sites using the iOS operating system, including iPhone, iPad, and iPod Touch.
How Information Collected About You Is Used
Information collected by Harcourt Health about you is used by Harcourt Health to:
administer your account,
 provide you with access to particular tools and services,
 respond to your inquiries you send to us and to send you administrative communications about the Harcourt Health Web Sites or services,
obtain your feedback about the Harcourt Health Web Sites or our offerings,
 statistically analyze user behavior and activity including how frequently areas of the site are visited and how many emails are received and opened,
provide you with more relevant content or advertising both on the Harcourt Health Web Sites or on other web sites that you visit after you leave the Harcourt Health Web Sites; and
 conduct research and measurement activities, including those described below.
Harcourt Health may combine Personal and Non-Personal Information collected by Harcourt Health about you, and may combine this information with information from external sources.  Harcourt Health Health Manager has the ability to use Personal Information that you provide to send you personalized emails or secure electronic messages. During registration or at any time, you have the option of choosing whether or not you wish to receive emails pertaining to your health interests, including news, announcements, reminders and opportunities. The Harcourt Health Health Manager email service requires an “opt-in” authorization from you.
We also use Cookies in order to enable us to conduct surveys for our own use and on behalf of our advertisers. These Cookies are used to determine whether you have seen certain content or advertising so that we may request your opinions. We may also use Cookies to authenticate respondents or to help you pick up where you left off in a survey. If you have Cookies disabled you may not be able to participate in some surveys.
Research and Measurement Activities
Information that Harcourt Health collects about you may be combined by Harcourt Health with other information available to Harcourt Health through third parties for research and measurement purposes, including measuring the effectiveness of content, advertising or programs. This information from other sources may include age, gender, demographic, geographic, personal interests, product purchase activity or other information. We may report aggregate information, which is not able to be identified back to an individual user of the Harcourt Health Web Sites, to our current or prospective advertisers and other business partners. We do not sell or share any Personal Information with any third parties, except contractors performing services on our behalf who agree not to use this information received from us for any purpose other than performing services on our behalf.
With Whom Do We Share Your Information?
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, Harcourt Health will not disclose any Personal Information it gathers from you through the Harcourt Health Web Sites. We may only release Personal Information to third parties: (1) to comply with legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (2) in special cases, such as in response to a physical threat to you or others, to protect property or defend or assert legal rights. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information as described below.
In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, Harcourt Health reserves the right to transfer your Personal Information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. In the event of such a change, your Personal Information will continue to be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless any changes to the Privacy Policy are made in accordance with the section below that discusses “Changes to This Privacy Policy.”
Disclosures to Harcourt Health Operations and Maintenance Contractor
Harcourt Health contractors sometimes have limited access to your Personal and Non-Personal Information in the course of providing products or services to Harcourt Health. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services, data analysis, research, advertising and marketing assistance and/or content for the operation and maintenance of the Harcourt Health Web Sites. We contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors: 1) protect the privacy of your Personal and Non-Personal Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and 2) not use or disclose your Personal or Non-Personal Information for any purpose other than providing the limited service or function for Harcourt Health.
Disclosures to Third Party Web Sites
Certain content, services and advertisements offered to you through the Harcourt Health Web Sites are served on, or contain links to, web sites hosted and operated by a company other than Harcourt Health (“Third Party Web Sites”). Harcourt Health does not disclose your Personal Information to these Third Party Web Sites without your consent, but you should be aware that any information you disclose to the other web sites once you access these other web sites is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Harcourt Health does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third Party Web Sites. You should review the privacy policy posted on the other web site to understand how that Third Party Web Site collects and uses your Personal Information. Harcourt Health makes an effort to make it obvious to you when you leave our website and enter a Third Party Web Site, either by requiring you to click on a link or by notifying you on the site before you visit the third party site. In addition, if you see a phrase such as “Powered by” or “in association with” followed by the name of a company other than Harcourt Health, then you are on a web site hosted by a company other than Harcourt Health.
How Do We Secure and Retain Your Information?
We take reasonable security measures to protect the security of your Personal Information. Despite Harcourt Health’s efforts to protect your Personal Information, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party may find a way around our security systems or that transmissions of your information over the Internet may be intercepted.
The security of your Personal Information is important to us.  When you enter Personal Information (including personal health information in various tools on our website), we encrypt the transmission of that information or use SSL connections (Secure Socket Layer) technology.
We will retain your Personal Information as long as your account is active or needed to provide you services. At any time you can remove your Personal Information or instruct us to remove it, but you should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to Harcourt Health from our servers. Harcourt Health tools that collect and store Personal Information allow you to correct, update or review information you have submitted by going back to the specific tool, logging-in and making the desired changes. We will also retain your Personal Information as necessary to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Children
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. The Harcourt Health Web Sites are not designed or intended to attract children under the age of 13. The Harcourt Health Web Sites do not collect Personal Information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. A parent or guardian, however, may use Harcourt Health Health Manager to establish a personal health record and a Harcourt Health Health Manager home page for a minor. The parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of the minor’s use of Harcourt Health Health Manager. The parent or guardian assumes full responsibility for ensuring that the registration information is kept secure and that the information submitted is accurate. The parent or guardian also assumes full responsibility for the interpretation and use of any information or suggestions provided through Harcourt Health Health Manager for the minor.
Contacting Harcourt Health About Your Personal Information or Privacy
Please send us an email by using the Contact Us link at the bottom of every page of our site if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Personal Information we maintain about you.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy or any of our tools or services at any time and any changes will be effective upon being posted unless we advise otherwise. If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified when you register) and/or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this website for the latest information on our privacy practices. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, we ask that you do not register with us and that you do not use the Harcourt Health Web Sites. Please exit the Harcourt Health Web Sites immediately if you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Accreditations and Privacy Seals
 
 
 
