About Paytronix Systems, Inc.
Paytronix Systems, Inc. ,  provides gift card and loyalty card  programs for restaurants.  We process the transactions for  those programs.  While providing services to our clients, the  restaurants, we collect information about the holder of the gift or  loyalty card who is the consumer of these services.
Who we collect information about
We collect nonpublic personal information as an agent for our clients  (typically restaurant chains or other retail establishments) as their  gift and loyalty card provider.  We collect information on the  clients' customers who obtain or use gift and loyalty cards that we  manage for our clients.  We do not collect personally identifying  information about people we know to be under 13 years of age.
Categories of information we collect
We collect nonpublic personal information about you from the following sources
Information we receive from you when you register your card, on other forms, or when you contact us to service your account;
Information about your transactions and accounts with us, our affiliates, our agents or others; and
Information about your usage of our web site, https://myguestaccount.com/ .
Categories of information we disclose
We do not disclose any nonpublic personal information about our  customers, our former customers, customers of our clients, or former  customers of our clients to anyone, except as permitted by law.
Process to opt out of communication
We occasionally send marketing communication to customers of our  clients on behalf of those clients.  If you prefer that we not  communicate with you, you may opt out of those communications, that  is, you may direct us not to make those communications (other than  communications permitted by law).  You may opt out of communications  by logging in to our web site at the following link and changing your  communication preferences: https://myguestaccount.com/customer/editinfo.srv .
We also send email messages to notify you of certain actions on your  account, such as recharge from a credit card, or in response to  actions you take on our web site.  We will continue to send those  messages even if you opt out of marketing communications.
How we safeguard your information
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to  employees of Paytronix and its agents or suppliers who need to know  that information to provide products or services to you or to our  client who owns your account.  We maintain physical, electronic and  procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard  your nonpublic personal information.
Copyright © 2005-2018 Paytronix Systems, Inc.  All rights reserved.
