Demo
Learn how ID.me can help verify the identity and group affiliation of your users.
ID.me Shop
Make the most of your group affiliation with amazing deals from more than 100 brands.
Solutions
Demo
Learn how ID.me can help verify the identity and group affiliation of your users.
ID.me Shop
Make the most of your group affiliation with amazing deals from more than 100 brands.
In the event of any discrepancy between a non-English version of this Privacy Policy and the English version of this Privacy Policy, the English version (available at https://www.id.me/privacy ) shall prevail in all respects.
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the ID.me Service and Website (located at www.ID.me, the ID.me mobile application, or elements of ID.me’s technology platform such as group affiliation widgets) present on its client’s websites). Any terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms of Service. ID.me, Inc., the provider of the Service and Website (referred to as “us” or “we”), is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who navigate to, or otherwise use the Service and/or Website (hereafter, “users” or “you”). The Service and Website provides users with a simple and secure way to remotely verify their identities and affiliations (e.g., veterans, first responders, and members of other designated groups) once, and then share their identity and associated attributes at their discretion with parties that rely on these verifications using an ID.me account. In addition, registered users (“Members”) can access certain exclusive benefits, including without limitation, deals, discounts, cash back rebates and employment and educational opportunities, offered by participating retailers, service providers, employers or benefits administrators. Once validated, the ID.me account serves as a portable, single digital identity that users can then use to create an account with a participating third-party website, and pre-populate that account with the user’s information and, thereafter, access the goods, services, rewards and/or benefits of a broader network of participating websites (including retailers, service providers, employers, benefits administrators, etc.). As part of the registration process, users are required to submit certain information to ID.me so that we may verify that user’s identity, group affiliation, and determine compliance with other eligibility criteria. users may choose what specific information (personal information and other forms of information as described in greater detail below) is tied to their ID.me account, and at any time may revoke ID.me’s access to such information. In doing so, users can control how much of that information is shared with other websites in relation to the ID.me Service. In certain cases, the more information users share, the more rewards and benefits, such as deals, discounts, cash back rebates and employment and educational opportunities, the user may be eligible to receive, as further described in our Terms of Service (https://www.id.me/terms).  In addition, certain participating websites may require that users provide certain, minimum levels of information and a user decision not to provide such may impact his or her eligibility for the subject good, service, or benefit offered. To avoid any confusion, users should understand that, while we own and operate the Service and Website and certain other websites (e.g., TroopSwap.com), we do not own or operate websites owned and operated by third parties who may avail themselves of the ID.me Service (collectively referred to hereafter as the “Third Party Websites.”) This Privacy Policy is intended to inform users about our collection, use, storage, and disclosure, destruction and disposal of information that we collect or record in the course of providing the Website and the ID.me Service. Please note, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of Third Party Websites and they are under no obligation to comply with this Privacy Policy. Before visiting Third Party Websites, and before providing an ID.me account or any other information to any party that operates or advertises on Third Party Websites, users should review the privacy policy and practices of that website to determine how information collected from users will be handled. Please further note, depending on a user’s particular interaction with us (e.g., users who solely navigate the Website versus users who create an account and use the ID.me Service at Third Party Websites), different portions of this policy may apply at different times. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. Unless otherwise provided by law, by accessing or using the Website, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound to all the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Website’s Terms of Service. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not access or use the Service or Website.
1. Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this page so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice on our home page.
2. Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information
We collect information from users in two ways: Information that You Provide Us. We collect certain personal information with your consent. When you register to obtain an ID.me account and use the ID.me Service, you will be asked to provide certain information so that we can verify your identity and attributes of your identity including, but not limited to, group affiliations (e.g., military, first responder, student, veteran, etc.), memberships, social media accounts, educational degrees, and professional certifications. “Personal information” is information that identifies a specific individual, including, without limitation, first and last name, mailing address, e-mail address (including, without limitation, .mil e-mail address), telephone number, social security number, and date of birth. In addition, you will be asked to provide certain additional information or documentation from organizations and registration authorities such as government agencies, telecommunications networks, credit card bureaus, financial institutions, or similar authoritative agents with access to your group affiliation credentials, military records (which may also contain personal information), your spouse’s or immediate family member’s social security number, military affiliation(s), dates of active and reserve duty service, and information related to your accounts with financial institutions.
Collection of Mobile Identifiable Information
You authorize your wireless operator (AT&T, Sprint, T-Mobile, US Cellular, Verizon, or any other branded wireless operator) to use your mobile number, name, address, email, network status, customer type, customer role, billing type, mobile device identifiers (IMSI and IMEI) and other subscriber status details, if available, solely to allow verification of your identity and to compare information you have provided to ID.me with your wireless operator account profile information for the duration of the business relationship.
We use the information that you provide us as part of the ID.me Service, to validate your identity and your eligibility to access to benefits including certain deals, cash back rewards, offers or opportunities offered by Third Party Websites which are conditioned upon certain eligibility requirements. In addition to using your personal information to provide the ID.me Service, we also use this information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including the Website’s Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. Furthermore, we use this information to audit your eligibility (e.g., group affiliations such as active duty military or student status); to audit user accounts for fraud by, for example, verifying that purchases are delivered to registered user addresses; and to prevent duplicate ID.me accounts from being created with the same information. Information that We Automatically Collect. When you visit our Website, ID.me and our authorized third-party service providers and advertisers (including companies that advertise on our Website or in our marketing materials, referred to as “Advertisers”), automatically collect information such as the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to the Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving the Website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, occupation, language, unique device identifier, approximately geographic location, and time zone (collectively, “automatically-collected information”). This type of collection is done through the use of electronic tools like cookies and web beacons or pixel tags or location-based capabilities on your mobile device and are described further in Sections 4 and 9 below. We use the above information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We also share this information with our authorized third-party service providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming. In certain limited instances, we combine the automatically-collected information with other identifiers, that may be personally identifiable, in order to confirm your identity as part of the ID.me verification process. For example, we may combine an approximate geographic location obtained from a user’s mobile device and match it with address information the user voluntarily submitted to the Website in order to confirm the user’s identity and prevent fraudulent conduct. In order to better serve members of America’s Armed Forces and other personnel covered by the Service  Members Civil Relief Act (SCRA) (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et. seq.)*, ID.me provides services to financial services companies and Third Party Websites to facilitate their compliance with the provisions of SCRA. By joining ID.me, you agree that ID.me may use your personal information in order to assist financial services companies and Third Party Websites in determining your or your family member’s eligibility for SCRA benefits and protections. ID.me may periodically use your personal information to confirm your eligibility or your family member’s eligibility at a later point in time to inform third parties of any changes to your SCRA eligibility status. Source of this information may include, but are not limited to, publicly available websites, physical documentation, financial information, ID.me’s network or third parties that have a contractual relationship with ID.me. *The scope of ID.me’s SCRA services includes all individuals protected by the SCRA (including for example, United States Army, Air Force, Coast Guard, Marine Corps, and Navy service members on active duty (and for a specified period of time after discharge), including reservists, members of the National Guard and Air National Guard who have been activated for duty, and active-service commissioned officers of the Public Health Service and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and, where applicable according to federal or state laws and regulations, dependents and family members of an individual protected under the SCRA).
3. Release of User-Provided Information
We will not share, sell, rent, or trade your personal information with other parties, except to verify your identity and eligibility for identified programs and benefits or upon receipt of your consent as provided below: We will share your personal information with entities necessary to validate your ID.me account and provide the ID.me Service to you. In order to verify your identity and eligibility to receive discounts, cash back rebates and other benefits from merchants and other service providers, we will provide your personal information to third parties such as government agencies, telecommunications networks, financial institutions or other trusted and reliable sources of information. Our provision of your personal information to the foregoing parties is solely to verify your identity and eligibility for the ID.me Service. We have established relationships and protocols with recognized registration authorities like the entities described above (the “Registration Authorities”), so that any transmission of the personal information you provide to us will be performed using industry standard encryption tools, designed to protect such information from unauthorized access. By providing any personal information to us, you authorize ID.me to provide such information to Registration Authorities and other trusted entities in order to verify your identity and eligibility to receive discounts, cash back rebates and benefits. We will share certain personal information tied to your ID.me account (including the ID.me Cash Back Program) with Third Party Websites where you grant us permission to do so.  You grant us this permission by registering with the Website and utilizing your ID.me account to access, register with, subscribe for and otherwise use Third Party Websites. We do not share your personal information with Third Party Websites absent your permission. However please note that, by utilizing your ID.me account at Third Party Websites, you are expressly authorizing us to share certain personal information tied to your ID.me account with such Third Party Websites. The ID.me Service is intended to allow you to create a membership or profile with a Third Party Website and engage in a transaction with a Third Party Website by automatically transferring the personal information tied to your ID.me account. This transfer of personal information is necessary to verify your eligibility to receive benefits or discounts from various organizations, and to communicate such eligibility to Third Party Websites. The information ID.me shares with Third Party Websites will be limited to the personal information that ID.me, at its sole discretion, deems necessary to complete the transactions described herein. You will have the opportunity to review the information required to complete a transaction before your information is released to a Third Party Website. Absent your explicit permission, ID.me will not give Third Party Websites access to any the information tied to your ID.me account. In using the ID.me Service, users have the ability to control which Third Party Websites are provided with their personal information. We will not share a user’s personal information with a Third Party Website unless the user authorizes such sharing by using his or her ID.me account to register with the Third Party Website or to authorize the Third Party Website’s access to his or her information. We share your information with authorized third party service providers. We provide certain services and products of the Website through third party service providers. These service providers perform functions on our behalf, such as sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your personal information with such service providers to remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies with whom we have contractual business relationships (“affiliates”). However, we do not grant these entities any rights to use, and contractually restrict them from using, any information for any purpose other than providing services to us and to you. information in a business transfer. As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by, another company, or we may file for protection under applicable bankruptcy laws in the future. In such event, users’ information obtained and maintained by Id.me, including personal information, will transfer to a successor entity in connection with the corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. User information submitted prior to any such transfer would remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy (as it existed on the date of the submission). However, user information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new Privacy Policy adopted by the successor entity. We may share your information for our protection and the protection of others. We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Service or other agreements; or investigate, prevent, or take action suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or to prevent financial loss to any person or entity; or otherwise protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its users or others.
4. Release of Advertising Information
We may disclose or share non-personal information with service providers and affiliates. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any personal information) with Advertisers or advertising companies (companies that help us deliver our advertisements or “Advertising Companies”) and other parties as provided below: We may use Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website or as part of our marketing messages. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these Advertising Companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). If you would like more information about these networks, or would like to opt-out of targeted advertising from their member companies, please visit click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp, or click on the YouAdChoices icon. We also use service providers to track and analyze de-identified usage and volume statistical information from our users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not personal information as defined above, only general summaries of the activities of our users. Such data is collected on our behalf and is owned and used by us.
5. Updating and Correcting Information
We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information you provide us. You may change any of your personal information by logging into your account and accessing the "my account" section of the site. You may update your personal information by sending us an email at help@id.me or writing to us at 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102. Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us. We encourage you to promptly update your personal information if they change. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, we may keep track of certain information if required by law. In addition, in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information due to our back-up processes, but we will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect such back-ups until we are able to destroy your information.
6. Protecting and Destroying Personal Information
We will not retain any of your personal information any longer than needed. Personal information will be retained until we have fulfilled legal, contractual and policy obligations.  Currently, in order to fulfill these obligations, our retention policy is the duration of your account with ID.me plus five years.  In the event that ID.me’s services are no longer available ID.me will make commercially reasonable efforts within its power to protect and/or securely destroy your personal information in accordance with applicable legislation. While we hold your personal information, we use approved industry-recognized encryption methods to protect it from unauthorized access.  Likewise, when we destroy your personal information, we use industry-recognized methods to effect such destruction.
7. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information
The decision to share specific items of your personal information with the ID.me Service (and, where applicable, with Third Party Websites) is yours and yours alone. You can elect to provide all or only some of the information requested by the Website during the registration process, and at any time, you may decide to remove some of the information that you previously provided. However, if you decline to provide any of the above information, you may not be able to register for an ID.me Account or to access certain benefits of the ID.me Service (including certain deals, cash back rewards, offers or opportunities offered by Third Party Websites which are conditioned upon certain eligibility requirements). Except as otherwise provided herein, if you register for an account with, or log into, the ID.me Service, including the ID.me Marketplace, you are expressly consenting to receive e-mails (namely, Administrative Emails and Promotional Emails, as defined below) from us at the email address supplied by you.  However, we will not send you Promotional Emails if you have signed up through a Third Party Website, unless you expressly consent to receive such emails or you separately register or log in as a user of the ID.me Service, including the ID.me Marketplace. “Administrative Emails” relate to a user’s activity with the ID.me Service, and include emails regarding the user’s account, requests or inquiries by a user, earned cash back rebates, and purchases of products and services. “Promotional Emails” advertise our products and services, including sales and other offers by Third Party Websites, such as cash back rebate promotions, employment and educational opportunities, and/or the products and services of our Third Party Websites, third party service providers and affiliates. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails.  However, you have the ability to opt-out from receiving Promotional Emails. If you want to opt out of receiving Promotional Emails from us, you must e-mail us at feedback@id.me, write to us at the address contained herein, or click the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of our e-mails and complete any additional steps required in response thereto. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and indicate whether you no longer wish to receive all or certain Promotional Emails.
8. Security of Information
We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of personal information. You can access your personal information on our Website through a password and your email address. This password is hashed (so that it is not recoverable but still is unique). We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your personal information resides on a secure server to which only select personnel and contractors have access. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with service providers that do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.
9. Data Tracking
Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that user. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website, remind us who you are, administer cash back rebates, and track and target user interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect non-personal information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for our Website visitors. In addition, we may use Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by the Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Third Party Website, service provider or affiliate. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website, including our Cash Back Program, may not work properly.  For more information regarding our use of cookies on our Website, please see our Cookie Policy here . Other Tracking Devices. We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our service providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a note of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes. The Website is not presently configured to respond to DNT or “do not track” signals from web browsers.
10. Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our Website.  Other websites, including Third Party Websites, may be accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you review such website’s Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
11. Miscellaneous Privacy Issues
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at help@id.me. Under 18. Individuals under the age of 18 may not use the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18, and no part of the Website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. Because we do not intentionally collect any information from children under the age of 18, we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties. If you have reason to believe that an individual under 18 years of age has provided us with information, please contact us at support@id.me and we will immediately delete such information, subject to and in compliance with applicable law. Public Areas. We may provide areas on the Website where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others (such as discussion boards or blogs), or can review products, and submit media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies, and may appear on other websites or web searches; therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a product or service review, you may receive unsolicited messages from other registered users. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information. We do obtain consent from our users to post their name along with their reviews. Use of Facebook. If you are not currently registered as an ID.me user and you click on "Sign in Using Facebook," you will first be asked to log in to Facebook using your Facebook username and password.  After you have logged in to Facebook, you will be given the option to register and join ID.me, using your Facebook name, email and gender.  If you no longer wish to log into our service using your Facebook email, you can adjust this setting through Facebook. Your use of Facebook for this login function is subject to the Facebook privacy policy and practices. Id.me is not responsible for the privacy practices of Facebook and Facebook is under no obligation to comply with this Privacy Policy. Before enabling this login function, users should review the Facebook privacy policy and practices. In addition, we use Facebook to better understand users of our Website and Service, and to communicate to users about our Service.  For example, we may use this feature to provide reminders to users that did not complete their registration process on our Website using this Facebook function.  For more information about how we interact with Advertising Companies please see the Section 4 above and our Cookie Policy Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents. California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of personal information that we collect through the Website and the categories of third parties with whom such personal information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of personal information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what personal information you do not want us to share with affiliates or Marketing Partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department and labeled “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your personal information or requesting this notice. International Users; Users from the European Economic Area (“EEA”). This Website is hosted in the United States. If you are a user accessing the Website from outside of the United States, with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States’ laws, you are transferring your personal information and other personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as such other regions. By providing your information to the Website, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. Unless specified otherwise in this section, you are also consenting to the application of Delaware law and controlling U.S. Federal law in all matters concerning the Website and ID.me Service. For users from the EEA: You have certain rights under European law with respect to your personal data, including the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data. If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact help@id.me. You may also have the right to lodge a complaint with the applicable supervisory authority in the member state of your residence.     Additionally, we note that for the purposes of European laws, we serve as data controller for your personal data and generally process your information with your consent, in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example to bring you Cash Back Rewards, or to complete identity proofing), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above (such as to support direct marketing efforts, or to prevent fraud). As discussed above, we may transfer some of your information to the United States in order to provide our Services.  Because the United States does not have equivalent data protection legislation protecting the use of your personal information, we comply with European Union law by using Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission or by adopting other means to ensure that adequate safeguards are applied.
12. Contacting Us
Whether you’re a new or loyal customer, restaurant owner, marketer, publisher, media member or job seeker we’d like to stay connected and want to hear from you! Corporate Address. ID.me, Inc. 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600 McLean, VA 22102 For Customers. Member Service Inquiries may be directed to help@id.me. Copyright © 2018  ID.me, Inc. All rights reserved.
En caso de discrepancia entre una versión no inglesa de esta Política de privacidad y la versión en inglés de esta Política de privacidad, la versión en inglés (disponible en https://www.id.me/privacy ) prevalecerá en todos los aspectos.
Esta Política de privacidad divulga las prácticas de privacidad para el Servicio y el Sitio web de ID.me (ubicado en www.ID.me, la aplicación móvil de ID.me o elementos de la plataforma tecnológica de ID.me como widgets de afiliación de grupo presentes en los sitios web de sus clientes). Todos los términos no definidos en esta Política de privacidad se definen en nuestros Términos de servicio. ID.me, Inc., el proveedor del Servicio y el Sitio web (denominado "nosotros"), se compromete a proteger la privacidad de las personas que navegan o usan el servicio o el Sitio web (en adelante, "usuarios" o "usted"). El Servicio y el Sitio web ofrecen a los usuarios una forma simple y segura de verificar remotamente sus identidades y afiliaciones (por ejemplo, veteranos, primeros intervinientes y miembros de otros grupos designados) una vez, y luego compartir su identidad y los atributos asociados a su discreción con las partes que utilicen estas verificaciones usando una cuenta de ID.me. Además, los usuarios registrados ("Miembros") pueden acceder a ciertos beneficios exclusivos, que incluyen, entre otros, ofertas, descuentos, reembolsos en efectivo y oportunidades laborales y educativas, ofrecidos por minoristas participantes, proveedores de servicios, empleadores o administradores de beneficios. Una vez validada, la cuenta de ID.me sirve como una identidad digital portátil única que los usuarios pueden usar para crear una cuenta con un sitio web de terceros participante, y completar previamente esa cuenta con la información del usuario y, a partir de entonces, acceder a los bienes, servicios , recompensas o beneficios de una red más amplia de sitios web participantes (incluidos minoristas, proveedores de servicios, empleadores, administradores de beneficios, etc.). Como parte del proceso de registro, los usuarios deben enviar cierta información a ID.me para que podamos verificar la identidad del usuario, la afiliación de grupo y determinar el cumplimiento con otros criterios de elegibilidad. Los usuarios pueden elegir qué información específica (información personal y otras formas de información como se describe con mayor detalle a continuación) está vinculada a su cuenta de ID.me y pueden revocar el acceso de ID.me a dicha información en cualquier momento. Al hacerlo, los usuarios pueden controlar qué parte de esa información se comparte con otros sitios web en relación con el Servicio de ID.me. En ciertos casos, mientras más información compartan los usuarios, más recompensas y beneficios (tales como ofertas, descuentos, reembolsos en efectivo y oportunidades laborales y educativas) el usuario puede ser elegible para recibir, como se describe más detalladamente en nuestros Términos de servicio (https: //www.id.me/terms).  Además, ciertos sitios web participantes pueden requerir que los usuarios proporcionen ciertos niveles mínimos de información y la decisión de un usuario de no proporcionarlos podría afectar su elegibilidad para recibir el bien, servicio o beneficio ofrecido. Para evitar confusiones, los usuarios deben entender que, aunque poseemos y operamos el Servicio y el Sitio web y algunos otros sitios web (por ejemplo, TroopSwap.com), no poseemos ni operamos sitios web que pertenecen y son operados por terceros que pueden hacer uso del Servicio de ID.me (denominados colectivamente de aquí en adelante como "Sitios web de terceros"). Esta Política de privacidad tiene por objeto informar a los usuarios sobre nuestra recopilación, uso, almacenamiento y divulgación, destrucción y eliminación de la información que recopilamos o registramos en el transcurso de la prestación del Sitio web y el Servicio de ID.me. Tenga en cuenta que no somos responsables de las prácticas de privacidad de los Sitios web de terceros y estos no están obligados a cumplir con esta Política de privacidad. Antes de visitar Sitios web de terceros, y antes de proporcionar una cuenta de ID.me o cualquier otra información a una parte que opere o publicite en Sitios web de terceros, los usuarios deben revisar la política de privacidad y las prácticas de ese sitio web para determinar cómo se manejará la información recopilada de los usuarios. Además, dependiendo de la interacción particular de un usuario con nosotros (por ejemplo, usuarios que únicamente navegan en el Sitio web frente a usuarios que crean una cuenta y utilizan el Servicio de ID.me en Sitios web de terceros), pueden aplicarse diferentes partes de esta política en momentos diferentes. Lea esta Política de privacidad detenidamente. A menos que la ley disponga lo contrario, al acceder o utilizar el Sitio web, usted reconoce que ha leído, comprendido y aceptado todos los términos de esta Política de privacidad y los Términos de servicio del Sitio web. Si no acepta estos términos, no acceda ni utilice el Servicio o el Sitio web.
1. Cambios a la Política de privacidad
Si decidimos cambiar esta Política de privacidad, publicaremos esos cambios en esta página para que esté al tanto de la información que recopilamos, cómo la usamos y bajo qué circunstancias, si corresponde, la divulgamos. Nos reservamos el derecho de modificar esta Política de privacidad en cualquier momento, por lo tanto, revísela con frecuencia. Si hacemos cambios sustanciales a esta política, se lo notificaremos aquí, por correo electrónico o mediante una notificación en nuestra página de inicio.
2. Tipos de información recopilada y usos de la información recopilada
Recopilamos información de los usuarios de dos maneras:
Información que nos proporciona. Recopilamos cierta información personal con su consentimiento. Cuando se registra para obtener una cuenta de ID.me y utiliza el Servicio de ID.me, se le pedirá que brinde cierta información para que podamos verificar su identidad y atributos de su identidad, incluidas, entre otras, afiliaciones de grupo (por ej., miembro de las fuerzas armadas, primer interviniente, estudiante, veterano, etc.), membresías, cuentas de redes sociales, títulos educativos y certificaciones profesionales.
"Información personal" es información que identifica a un individuo específico, lo que incluye, entre otros datos, nombre y apellido, dirección postal, dirección de correo electrónico (incluida la dirección de correo electrónico .mil, entre otras), número de teléfono, número de seguro social y fecha de nacimiento.
Además, se le pedirá que proporcione cierta información o documentación adicional de organizaciones y autoridades de registro tales como agencias gubernamentales, redes de telecomunicaciones, oficinas de tarjetas de crédito, instituciones financieras o agentes autorizados similares con acceso a sus credenciales de afiliación de grupo, registros militares (que también pueden contener información personal), el número de seguro social de su cónyuge o familiar inmediato, afiliación militar, fechas de servicio activo y de reserva, e información relacionada con sus cuentas en instituciones financieras.
Utilizamos la información que nos proporciona como parte del Servicio de ID.me para validar su identidad y su elegibilidad para acceder a beneficios que incluyen ciertas rebajas, recompensas de devolución de efectivo, ofertas u oportunidades ofrecidas por Sitios web de terceros que están condicionadas a ciertos requisitos de elegibilidad.
Además de utilizar su información personal para proporcionar el Servicio de ID.me, también usamos esta información para solucionar problemas, resolver disputas, realizar tareas administrativas, contactarlo, hacer cumplir nuestros acuerdos con usted, incluidos los Términos de servicio del Sitio web y esta Política de privacidad, cumplir con las leyes aplicables y cooperar con las actividades de aplicación de la ley.
Además, utilizamos esta información para auditar su elegibilidad (por ejemplo, afiliaciones de grupo, como estado militar activo o estado de estudiante); para auditar cuentas de usuario y detectar fraude, por ejemplo, verificando que las compras se entreguen a las direcciones de usuario registradas; y para evitar que se creen cuentas duplicadas de ID.me con la misma información. Información que recopilamos automáticamente.Cuando visita nuestro Sitio web, ID.me y nuestros proveedores de servicios autorizados y anunciantes (incluidas las empresas que anuncian en nuestro Sitio web o en nuestros materiales de marketing, denominados "Anunciantes"), recopilan información automáticamente, como el localizador uniforme de recursos (Uniform Resource Locator, "URL") del sitio web que visitó antes de ingresar al Sitio web, el URL del sitio web que visita después de abandonar el Sitio web, el tipo de navegador que está utilizando, su dirección de Protocolo de Internet (Internet Protocol, "IP"), ocupación, idioma, identificador único de dispositivo, ubicación geográfica aproximada y el huso horario (colectivamente, "Información recopilada automáticamente"). Este tipo de recopilación se realiza a través del uso de herramientas electrónicas como cookies y balizas web, etiquetas de píxeles o funciones basadas en la ubicación en su dispositivo móvil y se describen más detalladamente en las secciones 4 y 9 a continuación.
Utilizamos la información anterior para solucionar problemas, administrar el Sitio web, analizar tendencias, recopilar información demográfica, cumplir con las leyes aplicables y cooperar con las actividades de aplicación de la ley. También compartimos esta información con nuestros proveedores de servicios externos autorizados y Anunciantes para medir la efectividad general de nuestra publicidad, contenido y programación en línea. En ciertas instancias limitadas, combinamos la Información recopilada automáticamente con otros identificadores, que podría contener información personalmente identificable, para confirmar su identidad como parte del proceso de verificación de ID.me. Por ejemplo, podemos combinar una ubicación geográfica aproximada obtenida del dispositivo móvil de un usuario y asociarla con la información de la dirección que el usuario brindó voluntariamente al Sitio web para confirmar la identidad del usuario y evitar una conducta fraudulenta.
Para servir mejor a los miembros de las Fuerzas Armadas de los Estados Unidos y demás personal cubierto por la Ley de Ayuda Civil para Miembros de las Fuerzas Armadas (Service Members Civil Relief Act, SCRA) (Título 50 del Código de los Estados Unidos, apéndice 501 y siguientes)*, ID.me proporciona servicios a empresas de servicios financieros y Sitios web de terceros para facilitar su cumplimiento con las disposiciones de la SCRA. Al unirse a ID.me, usted acepta que ID.me puede usar su información personal para ayudar a las compañías de servicios financieros y Sitios web de terceros a determinar su elegibilidad o la de un familiar para recibir los beneficios y las protecciones de la SCRA. ID.me puede usar periódicamente su información personal para confirmar su elegibilidad o la elegibilidad de un familiar en un momento posterior a fin de informar a terceros de cualquier cambio en su estado de elegibilidad en relación con la SCRA. La fuente de esta información puede incluir, entre otros, sitios web disponibles al público, documentación física, información financiera, la red de ID.me o terceros que tengan una relación contractual con ID.me.
*El alcance de los servicios SCRA de ID.me incluye a todas las personas protegidas por la SCRA (lo que incluye, por ejemplo, miembros del Servicio Militar Estadounidense, Fuerza Aérea, Guardacostas, Cuerpo de Marines y Marina en servicio activo, y durante un período de tiempo específico después de haber sido dados de baja), incluidos reservistas, miembros de la Guardia Nacional y de la Guardia Nacional Aérea que hayan sido llamados a servicio activo y oficiales del servicio activo comisionados del Servicio de Salud Pública y la Administración Nacional Oceánica y Atmosférica y, cuando corresponda de acuerdo con las leyes y regulaciones federales o estatales , dependientes y familiares de un individuo protegido en virtud de la SCRA).
3. Divulgación de información proporcionada por el usuario
No compartiremos, venderemos, alquilaremos ni intercambiaremos su información personal con terceros, excepto para verificar su identidad y elegibilidad para programas y beneficios identificados o una vez que recibamos su consentimiento, tal como se indica a continuación:
Compartiremos su información personal con las entidades necesarias para validar su cuenta de ID.me y le brindaremos el Servicio de ID.me.
Para verificar su identidad y elegibilidad para recibir descuentos, reembolsos en efectivo y otros beneficios de comerciantes y otros proveedores de servicios, proporcionaremos su información personal a terceros tales como agencias gubernamentales, redes de telecomunicaciones, instituciones financieras u otras fuentes confiables de información. Nuestra provisión de su información personal a las partes anteriores tiene como único fin verificar su identidad y elegibilidad para el Servicio de ID.me. Hemos establecido relaciones y protocolos con autoridades de registro reconocidas como las entidades descritas anteriormente (las "Autoridades de registro"), para que cualquier transmisión de la información personal que nos proporcione se realice utilizando herramientas de cifrado estándar de la industria, diseñadas para proteger dicha información contra accesos no autorizados.
Al proporcionarnos cualquier información personal, usted autoriza a ID.me a proporcionar dicha información a las Autoridades de registro y otras entidades de confianza con el fin de verificar su identidad y elegibilidad para recibir descuentos, reembolsos en efectivo y beneficios.
Compartiremos cierta información personal vinculada a su cuenta de ID.me (incluido el programa de devolución de efectivo de ID.me) con Sitios web de terceros cuando nos autorice a hacerlo.  Usted nos autoriza a hacer esto al registrarse en el Sitio web y utilizar su cuenta de ID.me para acceder, registrarse, suscribirse y utilizar Sitios web de terceros. No compartimos su información personal con Sitios web de terceros sin su autorización. Sin embargo, tenga en cuenta que, al utilizar su cuenta de ID.me en Sitios web de terceros, nos autoriza expresamente a compartir cierta información personal vinculada a su cuenta de ID.me con dichos Sitios web de terceros.
El Servicio de ID.me está diseñado para permitirle crear una membresía o perfil con un Sitio web de terceros y realizar una transacción con un Sitio web de terceros transfiriendo automáticamente la información personal vinculada a su cuenta de ID.me. Esta transferencia de información personal es necesaria para verificar su elegibilidad para recibir beneficios o descuentos de diversas organizaciones, y para comunicar dicha elegibilidad a Sitios web de terceros. La información que ID.me comparte con Sitios web de terceros se limitará a la información personal que ID.me, a su exclusivo criterio, considere necesaria para completar las transacciones descritas en este documento. Tendrá la oportunidad de revisar la información requerida para completar una transacción antes de que su información se divulgue a un Sitio web de terceros. En ausencia de su autorización expresa, ID.me no otorgará acceso a Sitios web de terceros a ninguna información vinculada con su cuenta de ID.me. Al utilizar el Servicio de ID.me, los usuarios tienen la capacidad de controlar qué Sitios web de terceros reciben su información personal. No compartiremos la información personal de un usuario con un Sitio web de terceros, a menos que el usuario autorice dicho intercambio utilizando su cuenta de ID.me para registrarse en el Sitio web de terceros o para autorizar el acceso del Sitio web de terceros a su información.
Compartimos su información con proveedores de servicios externos autorizados.
Brindamos ciertos servicios y productos del Sitio web a través de proveedores de servicios externos. Estos proveedores de servicios realizan funciones en nuestro nombre, como enviar y distribuir nuestros correos electrónicos administrativos y promocionales. Podemos compartir su información personal con dichos proveedores de servicios para eliminar información repetida en listas de clientes, analizar datos, proporcionar asistencia de marketing, proporcionar resultados de búsqueda y enlaces, procesar pagos con tarjeta de crédito, operar el Sitio web, solucionar problemas y brindar servicio al cliente. También podemos recopilar información personal de individuos y compañías con quienes tenemos relaciones comerciales contractuales ("afiliados"). Sin embargo, no otorgamos a estas entidades ningún derecho de uso, y las restringimos contractualmente para que no utilicen ninguna información para ningún fin que no sea brindarnos servicios a usted y a nosotros.
información en una transferencia comercial.
Al igual que con cualquier otro negocio, podríamos fusionarnos con otra compañía o ser adquiridos, o bien podríamos solicitar protección en virtud de las leyes de quiebra aplicables en el futuro. En tal caso, la información de los usuarios obtenida y mantenida por Id.me, incluida la información personal, se transferirá a una entidad sucesora en relación con la fusión corporativa, consolidación, venta de activos, quiebra u otro cambio corporativo. La información del usuario proporcionada antes de dicha transferencia quedaría sujeta a los términos de esta Política de privacidad (tal como existía en la fecha en que la proporcionó). Sin embargo, la información del usuario proporcionada después de una transferencia a una entidad sucesora puede estar sujeta a una nueva Política de privacidad adoptada por la entidad sucesora.
Podemos compartir su información para nuestra protección y la de los demás.
Nos reservamos el derecho de divulgar su información personal según lo exija la ley y cuando creamos que la divulgación es necesaria para proteger nuestros derechos o cumplir con un procedimiento judicial, una orden judicial o un proceso legal en nuestro Sitio web; hacer cumplir o aplicar esta Política de privacidad, los Términos de servicio de nuestro Sitio web u otros acuerdos; o investigar, prevenir o actuar en caso de actividades prohibidas o sospechosas, incluidas, entre otras, fraudes y situaciones que supongan amenazas potenciales para la seguridad física de cualquier persona o para evitar pérdidas financieras a cualquier persona o entidad; o proteger los derechos, propiedad o seguridad del Sitio web, sus usuarios u otros.
4. Divulgación de información publicitaria
Podemos divulgar o compartir información no personal con proveedores de servicios y afiliados. Por ejemplo, podemos compartir información demográfica global (que no incluye información personal) con anunciantes o compañías publicitarias (compañías que nos ayudan a publicar nuestros anuncios publicitarios o "Compañías publicitarias") y otras partes como se indica a continuación:
Podemos utilizar Compañías publicitarias para publicar anuncios cuando visita nuestro Sitio web o como parte de nuestros mensajes de marketing. Estas compañías pueden usar información sobre sus visitas a este y otros sitios web a fin de proporcionarle, a través del uso de etiquetas de red, anuncios sobre bienes y servicios que puedan interesarle. Algunas de estas compañías publicitarias pueden ser redes publicitarias que son miembros de Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") o Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"). Si desea obtener más información sobre estas redes, o si desea optar por no recibir publicidad dirigida de sus compañías miembros, visite http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp o haga clic en icono de YouAdChoices. También usamos proveedores de servicios para rastrear y analizar el uso no identificado y la información estadística de volumen de nuestros usuarios a fin de administrar nuestro Sitio web y mejorar constantemente su calidad. También podemos publicar esta información con fines promocionales o como audiencia representativa para los Anunciantes. Tenga en cuenta que esto no es información personal como se define anteriormente, solo resúmenes generales de las actividades de nuestros usuarios. Dichos datos se recopilan en nuestro nombre, son de nuestra propiedad y los usamos nosotros.
5. Actualización y corrección de información
Creemos que debe tener la capacidad de acceder y editar la información personal que nos proporciona. Puede cambiar su información personal iniciando sesión en su cuenta y accediendo a la sección "mi cuenta" del sitio. Puede actualizar su información personal enviándonos un correo electrónico a help@id.me o escribiéndonos a 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102. Indique su nombre, dirección postal y dirección de correo electrónico, y qué información desea actualizar cuando se contacte con nosotros.
Le recomendamos que actualice rápidamente su información personal cuando esta cambie. Puede solicitar que se borre o elimine la información de su cuenta; sin embargo, podemos realizar un seguimiento de cierta información si así lo exige la ley. Además, puede ser imposible para nosotros eliminar por completo toda su información debido a nuestros procesos de respaldo, pero haremos todos los esfuerzos comercialmente razonables para proteger dichos respaldos hasta que podamos destruir su información.
6. Protección y destrucción de la información personal
No conservaremos su información personal por más tiempo del necesario.
La información personal se conservará hasta que hayamos cumplido con las obligaciones legales, contractuales y en virtud de nuestra política.  Actualmente, para cumplir con estas obligaciones, nuestra política de retención es conservarla por la duración de su cuenta con ID.me más cinco años.  En caso de que los servicios de ID.me ya no estén disponibles, ID.me hará todos los esfuerzos comercialmente razonables a su alcance para proteger o destruir de forma segura su información personal de acuerdo con la legislación aplicable.
Mientras conservamos su información personal, utilizamos métodos aprobados de encriptación reconocidos por la industria para protegerla contra accesos no autorizados.  Del mismo modo, cuando destruimos su información personal, utilizamos métodos reconocidos por la industria para efectuar dicha destrucción.
7. Elecciones del usuario sobre la recopilación y el uso de la información
La decisión de compartir elementos específicos de su información personal con el Servicio de ID.me (y, cuando corresponda, con Sitios web de terceros) es suya. Puede optar por proporcionar toda o solo parte de la información solicitada por el Sitio web durante el proceso de registro y, en cualquier momento, puede decidir eliminar parte de la información que proporcionó anteriormente. Sin embargo, si no proporciona la información anterior, es posible que no pueda registrarse para obtener una cuenta de ID.me o acceder a determinados beneficios del Servicio de ID.me (incluidas ciertas rebajas, recompensas de devolución de dinero, ofertas u oportunidades ofrecidas por Sitios web de terceros, que están condicionadas a ciertos requisitos de elegibilidad).
Salvo que se indique lo contrario, si se registra para obtener una cuenta o si inicia sesión en el Servicio de ID.me, lo que incluye ID.me Marketplace, está consintiendo expresamente a recibir correos electrónicos (es decir, correos electrónicos administrativos y correos electrónicos promocionales, según se definen a continuación) en la dirección de correo electrónico proporcionada por usted.  Sin embargo, no le enviaremos correos electrónicos promocionales si se ha registrado a través de un Sitio web de terceros, a menos que preste su consentimiento expresamente para recibir dichos correos electrónicos o se registre o inicie sesión por separado como usuario del Servicio de ID.me, lo que incluye ID.me Marketplace.
Los "correos electrónicos administrativos" están relacionados con la actividad de un usuario en el Servicio de ID.me e incluyen correos electrónicos con respecto a la cuenta del usuario, solicitudes o consultas de un usuario, reembolsos en efectivo obtenidos y compras de productos y servicios.   Los "correos electrónicos promocionales" anuncian nuestros productos y servicios, lo que incluye rebajas y otras ofertas de Sitios web de terceros, como promociones de reembolsos en efectivo, oportunidades laborales y educativas o productos y servicios de nuestros Sitios web de terceros, proveedores de servicios externos y afiliados.
No puede darse de baja de los correos electrónicos administrativos.  Sin embargo, tiene la posibilidad de optar por no recibir correos electrónicos promocionales.
Si desea optar por no recibir nuestros correos electrónicos promocionales, debe enviarnos un correo electrónico a feedback@id.me. Escríbanos a la dirección que figura en el presente o haga clic en el botón "cancelar suscripción" en la parte inferior de cualquiera de nuestros correos electrónicos y complete cualquier paso adicional requerido en respuesta a esto. Al comunicarse con nosotros, indique su nombre, dirección postal, dirección de correo electrónico e indique si ya no desea recibir todos o algunos de los correos electrónicos promocionales.
8. Seguridad de la información
Nos tomamos la seguridad en serio y tomamos numerosas precauciones para proteger la seguridad de la información personal. Puede acceder a su información personal en nuestro Sitio web a través de una contraseña y su dirección de correo electrónico. Esta contraseña utiliza hash (por lo que no es recuperable pero aún es única). Le recomendamos que no comparta su contraseña con nadie. Además, su información personal reside en un servidor seguro al que solo algunos miembros del personal y contratistas tienen acceso. Desafortunadamente, no se puede garantizar que la transmisión de datos a través de Internet o de cualquier red inalámbrica sea 100% segura. Como resultado, aunque empleamos medidas de seguridad comercialmente razonables para proteger los datos y buscamos asociarnos con proveedores de servicios que hacen lo mismo, no podemos garantizar la seguridad de ninguna información transmitida desde o hacia el Sitio web y no somos responsables de las acciones de ningún tercero que pudiera recibir dicha información.
9. Seguimiento de datos
Cookies.
A fin de facilitar y personalizar su experiencia con el Sitio web, almacenamos cookies en su computadora. Una cookie es un pequeño archivo de texto que se almacena en la computadora de un usuario para fines de registro que contiene información sobre ese usuario. Usamos cookies para ahorrarle tiempo mientras utiliza el Sitio web, recordar quién es usted, administrar reembolsos en efectivo y rastrear y orientar los intereses de los usuarios para proporcionar una experiencia personalizada. Las cookies también nos permiten recopilar información no personal sobre usted, como qué páginas visitó y en qué enlaces hizo clic. El uso de esta información nos ayuda a crear una experiencia más fácil de usar para los visitantes de nuestro Sitio web. Además, podemos utilizar compañías publicitarias para mostrar anuncios en nuestro Sitio web. Como parte de su servicio, pueden colocar cookies separadas en su computadora. No tenemos acceso ni control sobre estas cookies. Esta Política de privacidad contempla el uso de cookies por parte del Sitio web únicamente y no abarca el uso de cookies por parte de un Sitio web de terceros, proveedor de servicios o afiliado. La mayoría de los navegadores aceptan automáticamente las cookies, pero es posible que pueda modificar la configuración de su navegador para rechazar las cookies. Tenga en cuenta que si rechaza o elimina estas cookies, es posible que algunas partes del Sitio web, incluido nuestro programa de devolución de efectivo, no funcionen correctamente.  Para obtener más información sobre nuestro uso de cookies en el Sitio web, consulte nuestra Política de cookies  aquí .
Otros dispositivos de seguimiento.
Podemos utilizar otras tecnologías estándares de la industria como etiquetas de píxel y balizas web para rastrear su uso de las páginas de nuestro Sitio web y promociones, o podemos permitir que nuestros proveedores de servicios utilicen estos dispositivos en nuestro nombre. Las etiquetas de píxeles y las balizas web son pequeñas imágenes gráficas ubicadas en determinadas páginas de nuestro Sitio web o en nuestros correos electrónicos que nos permiten determinar si ha realizado una acción específica. Cuando accede a estas páginas o abre o hace clic en un correo electrónico, las etiquetas de píxeles y las balizas web registran esa acción. Las etiquetas de píxeles nos permiten medir y mejorar nuestra comprensión del tráfico y el comportamiento de los visitantes en nuestro Sitio web, así como tener una forma de medir nuestras promociones y nuestro rendimiento. También podemos utilizar etiquetas de píxeles y balizas web proporcionadas por nuestros afiliados y socios de marketing para los mismos fines. El Sitio web no está configurado actualmente para responder a las señales de "no rastrear" (Do Not Track, DNT) de los navegadores web.
10. Políticas de privacidad de Sitios web de terceros
Esta Política de privacidad solo aborda el uso y la divulgación de la información que recopilamos de usted en nuestro Sitio web.  Otros sitios web, incluidos los Sitios web de terceros, a los que se puede acceder a través de este Sitio web, tienen sus propias políticas de privacidad y prácticas de recopilación, uso y divulgación de datos. Si visita estos sitios web, le recomendamos que revise la Política de privacidad de dichos sitios web. No somos responsables de las políticas o prácticas de terceros.
11. Problemas de privacidad diversos
Si tiene preguntas o quejas sobre nuestra política o prácticas de privacidad, contáctenos enviando un correo electrónico a help@id.me.
Menores de 18 años.
Las personas menores de 18 años no pueden usar el Sitio web. No recopilamos deliberadamente información personal de ninguna persona menor de 18 años, y ninguna parte del Sitio web está diseñada para atraer a menores de 18 años. Debido a que no recopilamos intencionalmente ninguna información de niños menores de 18 años, tampoco la distribuimos a sabiendas a terceros. Si tiene motivos para creer que una persona menor de 18 años nos ha proporcionado información, comuníquese con nosotros enviando un correo electrónico a support@id.me y eliminaremos dicha información inmediatamente, sujeto a las leyes aplicables y de conformidad con ellas.
Áreas públicas.
Podemos proporcionar áreas en el Sitio web donde puede publicar información pública sobre usted, comunicarse con otras personas (como foros de debate o blogs) o puede revisar productos y enviar contenido multimedia. Esta información puede ser accesible para otros consumidores y compañías, y puede aparecer en otros sitios web o búsquedas en la web; por lo tanto, esta información podría ser leída, recopilada y utilizada por otros. Por ejemplo, si publica su dirección de correo electrónico junto con una reseña de un producto o servicio, puede recibir mensajes no solicitados de otros usuarios registrados. No tenemos control sobre quién lee sus publicaciones o lo que otros usuarios pueden hacer con la información que publica voluntariamente, por lo que tenga cuidado al publicar cualquier información personal. Obtenemos el consentimiento de nuestros usuarios para publicar su nombre junto con sus reseñas.
Uso de Facebook.
Si actualmente no está registrado como usuario de ID.me y hace clic en "Iniciar sesión con Facebook", primero se le pedirá que inicie sesión en Facebook con su nombre de usuario y contraseña de Facebook.  Después de que haya iniciado sesión en Facebook, se le dará la opción de registrarse e inscribirse en ID.me, utilizando su nombre de Facebook, correo electrónico y género.  Si ya no desea iniciar sesión en nuestro servicio utilizando su correo electrónico de Facebook, puede modificar esta configuración a través de Facebook. El uso de Facebook para esta función de inicio de sesión está sujeto a las políticas y prácticas de privacidad de Facebook. Id.me no es responsable de las prácticas de privacidad de Facebook y Facebook no está obligado a cumplir con esta Política de privacidad. Antes de habilitar esta función de inicio de sesión, los usuarios deben revisar lapolítica y las prácticas de privacidad de Facebook. Además, usamos Facebook para comprender mejor a los usuarios de nuestro Sitio web y el Servicio, y para comunicarnos con los usuarios en relación con nuestro Servicio.  Por ejemplo, podemos utilizar esta función para proporcionar recordatorios a los usuarios que no completaron su proceso de registro en nuestro Sitio web utilizando esta función de Facebook.  Para obtener más información sobre cómo interactuamos con las compañías publicitarias, consulte la Sección 4 anterior y nuestra Política de cookies.
Aviso de derechos de privacidad a los residentes de California.
La ley de California exige que le proporcionemos un resumen de sus derechos de privacidad según la Ley de Protección de la Privacidad en Línea de California (la "Ley") y el Código de Negocios y Profesiones de California. Tal como lo exige la Ley, le proporcionaremos las categorías de información personal que recopilamos a través del Sitio web y las categorías de terceros con quienes se puede compartir dicha información personal para fines de marketing directo cuando lo solicite. Las leyes de California requieren que le informemos, cuando lo solicite, (1) las categorías de información personal que recopilamos y con qué terceros compartimos esa información; (2) los nombres y direcciones de esos terceros; y (3) ejemplos de los productos comercializados por esas compañías. La Ley también requiere que le permitamos controlar con quién no desea que compartamos esa información. Para obtener esta información, envíe una solicitud por correo electrónico o correo estándar a la dirección que se encuentra a continuación. Al comunicarse con nosotros, indique su nombre, dirección postal, dirección de correo electrónico y qué información personal no desea que compartamos con afiliados o socios de marketing. La solicitud debe enviarse a la atención de nuestro departamento legal y debe estar etiquetada como "California Customer Choice Notice" (Aviso de elección del cliente de California). La respuesta puede demorar 30 días. Además, tenga en cuenta que no hay ningún cargo por controlar el intercambio de su información personal o solicitar este aviso.
Usuarios internacionales; Usuarios del Espacio Económico Europeo ("EEE").
Este Sitio web está alojado en los Estados Unidos. Si usted es un usuario que accede al Sitio web desde fuera de los Estados Unidos, con leyes o reglamentos que rigen la recopilación, el uso y la divulgación de datos personales que difieren de las leyes de los Estados Unidos, está transfiriendo su información personal y otros datos personales a los Estados Unidos, donde no existen las mismas leyes de protección de datos que en otras regiones. Al proporcionar su información al Sitio web, usted está consintiendo a la transferencia de su información a los Estados Unidos para su procesamiento y mantenimiento de acuerdo con esta Política de privacidad y nuestros Términos de servicio. A menos que se especifique lo contrario en esta sección, también está prestando su consentimiento a la aplicación de las leyes de Delaware y al control de las leyes federales de los EE. UU. en todos los asuntos relacionados con el Sitio web y el Servicio de ID.me.
Usuarios del EEE:
Usted tiene ciertos derechos en virtud de la legislación europea con respecto a sus datos personales, incluido el derecho a solicitar acceso, corregir, modificar, eliminar o limitar el uso de sus datos personales. Si desea ejercer estos derechos, comuníquese con help@id.me. También puede tener derecho a presentar una queja ante la autoridad de supervisión correspondiente en el estado miembro de su residencia.     Además, sabemos que a los efectos de las leyes europeas, servimos como controlador de datos para sus datos personales y, en general, procesamos su información con su consentimiento, a fin de cumplir los contratos que podamos tener con usted (por ejemplo, para brindarle recompensas de devolución de efectivo o para completar la prueba de identidad), o bien para perseguir nuestros intereses comerciales legítimos enumerados anteriormente (por ejemplo, para apoyar los esfuerzos de marketing directo o evitar fraudes). Como se mencionó anteriormente, podemos transferir parte de su información a los Estados Unidos para proporcionar nuestros Servicios.  Debido a que los Estados Unidos no cuenta con una legislación de protección de datos equivalente que proteja el uso de su información personal, cumplimos con la legislación de la Unión Europea mediante el uso de cláusulas contractuales estándar aprobadas por la Comisión Europea o adoptamos otros medios para garantizar que se apliquen las salvaguardas adecuadas.
12. Contáctenos
Ya sea que usted sea un cliente nuevo, un cliente leal, propietario de un restaurante, vendedor, editor, miembro de los medios o una persona que busca empleo, nos gustaría estar conectados y saber de usted.
Dirección corporativa
ID.me, Inc.
McLean, VA 22102
Las consultas de servicio al miembro pueden dirigirse a help@id.me.
Copyright © 2018 ID.me, Inc. Todos los derechos reservados.
इस गोपनीयता नीति के गैर-अंग्रेजी संस्करण और इस गोपनीयता नीति के अंग्रेजी संस्करण के बीच किसी भी विसंगति की स्थिति में, अंग्रेजी संस्करण ( https://www.id.me/privacy  पर उपलब्ध) सभी मामलों में प्रबल होगा।
यह गोपनीयता नीति ID.me सेवा और उसके क्लाइंट की वेबसाइट्स पर मौजूद वेबसाइट (www.ID.me, ID.me मोबाइल एप्लिकेशन, या ID.me के समूह संबद्धता विजेट्स जैसे प्रौद्योगिकी मंच के तत्वों में स्थित) के लिए गोपनीयता प्रथाओं का खुलासा करती है)। इस गोपनीयता नीति में परिभाषित न किए गए कोई भी शब्द हमारी सेवा की शर्तों में परिभाषित हैं। ID.me, Inc., जो सेवा और वेबसाइट (जिसे "हमें" या "हम" के रूप में जाना जाता है) का प्रदाता है, उन लोगों की गोपनीयता की सुरक्षा के लिए प्रतिबद्ध है जो सेवा और/या वेबसाइट में नेविगेट करते हैं, या उनका अन्यथा उपयोग करते हैं (इसके बाद, " उपयोगकर्ता "या" आप ")। सेवा और वेबसाइट उपयोगकर्ताओं को अपनी पहचान और संबद्धताओं (उदाहरण के लिए, वेटरन्स, पहले उत्तरदाताओं और अन्य नामित समूहों के सदस्यों) को एक बार दूरस्थ रूप से सत्यापित करने के लिए एक सरल और सुरक्षित तरीका प्रदान करती है, और फिर उन पक्षों के साथ अपने विवेकाधिकार पर उनकी पहचान और संबंधित विशेषताओं को साझा करती है जो ID.me खाते का उपयोग करके इन सत्यापनों पर भरोसा करते हैं। इसके अलावा, पंजीकृत उपयोगकर्ता ("सदस्य") भाग लेने वाले खुदरा विक्रेताओं, सेवा प्रदाताओं, नियोक्ताओं या लाभ प्रशासकों द्वारा प्रदान किए गए कतिपय अनन्य लाभों को, जिनमें बिना किसी सीमा के, सौदे, रियायतें, कैश बैक रिबेट्स और रोज़गार व शैक्षणिक अवसर शामिल हैं, एक्सेस कर सकते हैं। एक बार सत्यापित होने के बाद, ID.me खाता एक पोर्टेबल, एकल डिजिटल पहचान के रूप में कार्य करता है जिसे फिर उपयोगकर्ता भाग लेने वाली तृतीय-पक्ष वेबसाइट के साथ खाता बनाने के लिए उपयोग कर सकते हैं, और उस खाते को उपयोगकर्ता की जानकारी के साथ प्री-पॉप्युलेट कर सकते हैं और उसके बाद, भाग लेने वाली वेबसाइटों (खुदरा विक्रेताओं, सेवा प्रदाताओं, नियोक्ताओं, लाभ प्रशासकों, आदि सहित) के माल, सेवाओं, पुरस्कारों और/या बृहत्तर नेटवर्क के लाभों को एक्सेस कर सकते हैं। पंजीकरण प्रक्रिया के हिस्से के रूप में, उपयोगकर्ताओं को ID.me पर कुछ जानकारी जमा करने की आवश्यकता होती है ताकि हम उस उपयोगकर्ता की पहचान, समूह संबद्धता को सत्यापित कर सकें और अन्य योग्यता मानदंडों के साथ अनुपालन को निर्धारित कर सकें। उपयोगकर्ता चुन सकते हैं कि कौन सी विशिष्ट जानकारी (व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और नीचे दी गई अधिक विस्तार से वर्णित जानकारी के अन्य रूप) उनके ID.me खाते से बंधी हुई है, और ID.me की ऐसी जानकारी तक पहुंच को किसी भी समय रद्द कर सकते हैं। ऐसा करने में, उपयोगकर्ता यह नियंत्रित कर सकते हैं कि ID.me सेवा के संबंध में अन्य वेबसाइटों के साथ उस जानकारी को कितना साझा किया जाता है। कुछ मामलों में, उपयोगकर्ता जितनी अधिक जानकारी साझा करते हैं, उपयोगकर्ता उतने ही अधिक पुरस्कार और लाभ पाने के पात्र बन सकते हैं, जिनमें शामिल हैं, सौदे, छूटें, कैश बैक रिबेट्स तथा रोज़गार और शैक्षणिक अवसर, जैसा कि हमारी सेवा की शर्तों (https: //www.id.me/terms) में आगे वर्णन किया गया है।  इसके अलावा, कुछ भाग लेने वाली वेबसाइटों की आवश्यकता हो सकती है कि उपयोगकर्ता कतिपय, न्यूनतम स्तर की जानकारी प्रदान करें और उपयोगकर्ता का ऐसी जानकारी प्रदान न करने का निर्णय पेश किए गए माल, सेवा, या लाभ के लिए उसकी पात्रता को प्रभावित कर सकता है। किसी भी भ्रम से बचने के लिए, उपयोगकर्ताओं को यह समझना चाहिए कि, जबकि हम सेवा और वेबसाइट तथा कुछ अन्य वेबसाइटों (जैसे, TroopSwap.com) के स्वामी हैं और उनका संचालन करते हैं, हम तीसरे पक्षों के स्वामित्व वाली और उनके द्वारा संचालित उन वेबसाइट्स के स्वामी या संचालक नहीं हैं जो स्वयं ID.me सेवा (सामूहिक रूप से बाद में "तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स" के रूप में संदर्भित) का लाभ उठाती हैं। इस गोपनीयता नीति का उद्देश्य उपयोगकर्ताओं को हमारे द्वारा उस जानकारी के संग्रह, उपयोग, भंडारण, तथा प्रकटीकरण, विनाश के बारे में सूचित करना है जिसे हम वेबसाइट और ID.me सेवा प्रदान करने के दौरान एकत्र या रिकॉर्ड करते हैं। कृपया ध्यान दें, हम तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं और वे इस गोपनीयता नीति का अनुपालन करने के किसी दायित्व के अधीन नहीं हैं। तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों पर जाने से पहले, और तृतीय पक्ष की वेबसाइट्स पर संचालन या विज्ञापन करने वाले किसी भी पक्ष को ID.me खाते की या कोई भी अन्य जानकारी प्रदान करने से पहले, उपयोगकर्ताओं को यह निर्धारित करने के लिए कि उपयोगकर्ताओं से एकत्र की गई जानकारी को कैसे प्रबंधित किया जाएगा, उस वेबसाइट की गोपनीयता नीति और प्रथाओं की समीक्षा करनी चाहिए। कृपया आगे नोट करें, कि उपयोगकर्ता की हमारे साथ विशेष अंतर्क्रिया पर निर्भर करते हुए (उदा., वे उपयोगकर्ता जो वेबसाइट को केवल नेविगेट करते हैं बनाम वे उपयोगकर्ता जो तृतीय पक्षों की वेबसाइट्स पर खाता बनाते हैं और ID.me सेवा का उपयोग करते हैं), अलग-अलग समय पर इस नीति के अलग भाग लागू हो सकते हैं। कृपया इस नीति को सावधानी से पढ़ें। जब तक कानून द्वारा अन्यथा प्रदान नहीं किया जाता है, वेबसाइट को एक्सेस या उसका उपयोग करके, आप स्वीकार करते हैं कि आपने इस गोपनीयता नीति की सभी शर्तों और वेबसाइट की सेवा की शर्तों को पढ़ और समझ लिया है और उनसे बाध्य होने की सहमति दी है। यदि आप इन शर्तों से सहमत नहीं हैं, तो कृपया सेवा या वेबसाइट को एक्सेस या उसका उपयोग न करें।
1. गोपनीयता नीति में परिवर्तन
अगर हम इस गोपनीयता नीति को बदलने का फैसला करते हैं, तो हम उन परिवर्तनों को इस पृष्ठ पर पोस्ट करेंगे ताकि आप जान सकें कि हम कौन सी जानकारी एकत्र करते हैं, हम उसका उपयोग कैसे करते हैं, और किस परिस्थिति में, यदि कोई है, हम उसका खुलासा करते हैं। हम किसी भी समय इस गोपनीयता नीति को संशोधित करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखते हैं, इसलिए कृपया इसकी बार-बार समीक्षा करें। यदि हम इस नीति में भौतिक परिवर्तन करते हैं, तो हम आपको यहां ईमेल, या हमारे होम पेज पर नोटिस के माध्यम से सूचित करेंगे।
2. एकत्रित जानकारी के प्रकार और एकत्रित जानकारी के उपयोग
हम उपयोगकर्ताओं से दो तरीकों से जानकारी एकत्र करते हैं:
वह जानकारी जिसे आप हमें प्रदान करते हैं। हम आपकी सहमति से कुछ व्यक्तिगत जानकारी एकत्र करते हैं। जब आप ID.me खाते प्राप्त करने के लिए पंजीकरण करते हैं और ID.me सेवा का उपयोग करते हैं, तो आपको कुछ जानकारी प्रदान करने के लिए कहा जाएगा ताकि हम आपकी पहचान और आपकी पहचान के गुणों को सत्यापित कर सकें, जिनमें शामिल हैं, लेकिन इन तक ही सीमित नहीं है, समूह संबद्धताएं (उदा., सेना, पहले उत्तरदाता , छात्र, वेटरन, आदि), सदस्यताएं, सोशल मीडिया खाते, शैक्षणिक डिग्री, और पेशेवर प्रमाणीकरण।
"व्यक्तिगत जानकारी" वह जानकारी है जो किसी विशिष्ट व्यक्ति की पहचान करती है, जिसमें, बिना सीमा के, शामिल है, पहला और अंतिम नाम, डाक पता, ई-मेल पता (बिना सीमा के, .mil ई-मेल पते सहित), टेलीफोन नंबर, सामाजिक सुरक्षा संख्या और जन्म तिथि।
इसके अतिरिक्त, आपको संगठनों और पंजीकरण प्राधिकरणों जैसे सरकारी एजेंसियों, दूरसंचार नेटवर्क, क्रेडिट कार्ड ब्यूरो, वित्तीय संस्थानों, ऐसे ही आधिकारिक एजेंटों से कुछ अतिरिक्त जानकारी या दस्तावेज़ीकरण देने को कहा जाएगा जि्नके पास आपके समूह संबद्धता प्रमाण-पत्रों, सैन्य अभिलेखों (जिनमें निजी जानकारी भी हो सकती है), आपके पति/पत्नी या परिवार के तत्काल सदस्य की सामाजिक सुरक्षा संख्या, सैन्य संबद्धता(एं), सक्रिय और आरक्षित ड्यूटी सेवा की तिथियों, और वित्तीय संस्थानों के साथ आपके खातों से संबंधित जानकारी में एक्सेस है।
हम उस जानकारी का उपयोग जिसे आप हमें ID.me सेवा के हिस्से के रूप में प्रदान करते हैं, आपकी पहचान और तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों द्वारा प्रदान किए गए ऐसे कुछ सौदों, कैश बैक पुरस्कारों, ऑफ़रों या अवसरों सहित लाभों को एक्सेस करने की आपकी पात्रता सुनिश्चित करने के लिए करते हैं जो कुछ पात्रता आवश्यकताओं पर आधारित हैं।
ID.me सेवा प्रदान करने के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग करने के अलावा, हम इस जानकारी का उपयोग समस्या निवारण, विवादों को हल करने, प्रशासनिक कार्यों को पूरा करने, आपसे संपर्क करने, वेबसाइट के सेवा की शर्तों और इस गोपनीयता नीति सहित आपके साथ हमारे समझौतों को लागू करने, लागू कानून का अनुपालन करने, और कानून प्रवर्तन गतिविधियों के साथ सहयोग करने के लिए भी करते हैं।
इसके अलावा, हम इस जानकारी का उपयोग आपकी योग्यता की लेखा परीक्षा करने के लिए (उदा., सक्रिय सैन्य ड्यूटी या छात्र स्थिति जैसी समूह संबद्धताएं); धोखाधड़ी के लिए उपयोगकर्ता खातों का ऑडिट करने के लिए, उदाहरण के लिए, सत्यापित करना कि खरीदे गए सामान पंजीकृत उपयोगकर्ता पते पर वितरित किए जाते हैं; और एक ही जानकारी से डुप्लिकेट ID.me खातों को बनाए जाने से रोकने के लिए। वह जानकारी जिसे हम स्वचालित रूप से एकत्र करते हैं। वह जानकारी जिसे हम स्वचालित रूप से एकत्र करते हैं।  जब आप हमारी वेबसाइट पर जाते हैं, ID.me और हमारे अधिकृत तृतीय-पक्ष सेवा प्रदाता और विज्ञापनदाता (हमारी वेबसाइट पर या हमारी मार्केटिंग सामग्री में विज्ञापित कंपनियां, जिन्हें "विज्ञापनदाता" कहा जाता है), वेबसाइट पर आने से पहले आप जिस वेबसाइट पर गए थे उसका यूनिफ़ॉर्म रिसोर्स लोकेटर (" यूआरएल "), वेबसाइट पर आने से पहले देखी गई वेबसाइट का यूआरएल, वेबसाइट छोड़ने के बाद आपके द्वारा देखी जाने वाली वेबसाइट का यूआरएल, आप जिस ब्राउज़र का उपयोग कर रहे हैं, उसका प्रकार, आपका इंटरनेट प्रोटोकॉल (" आईपी ") पता, व्यवसाय, भाषा, अद्वितीय डिवाइस पहचानकारक, लगभग भौगोलिक स्थान, और समय क्षेत्र जैसी जानकारी स्वचालित रूप से एकत्र करते हैं (सामूहिक रूप से, "स्वचालित रूप से एकत्रित जानकारी")। इस प्रकार का संग्रह आपके मोबाइल डिवाइस पर कुकीज़ और वेब बीकन या पिक्सेल टैग या स्थान पर आधारित क्षमताओं जैसे इलेक्ट्रॉनिक उपकरणों के उपयोग के माध्यम से किया जाता है और नीचे अनुभाग 4 और 9 में आगे वर्णित किया गया है।
हम उपरोक्त जानकारी का उपयोग समस्या निवारण, वेबसाइट को प्रशासित करने, रुझानों का विश्लेषण करने, जनसांख्यिकीय जानकारी एकत्र करने, लागू कानून का अनुपालन करने और कानून प्रवर्तन गतिविधियों के साथ सहयोग करने के लिए करते हैं। हम इस जानकारी को हमारे ऑनलाइन विज्ञापन, सामग्री और प्रोग्रामिंग की समग्र प्रभावशीलता को मापने के लिए हमारे अधिकृत तृतीय-पक्ष सेवा प्रदाताओं और विज्ञापनदाताओं के साथ भी साझा करते हैं। कुछ सीमित उदाहरणों में, हम ID.me सत्यापन प्रक्रिया के हिस्से के रूप में आपकी पहचान की पुष्टि करने के लिए स्वचालित रूप से पहचाने जाने योग्य जानकारी को ऐसे अन्य पहचानकर्ताओं के साथ जोड़ते हैं, जो व्यक्तिगत पहचान योग्य हो सकते हैं। उदाहरण के लिए, हम किसी उपयोगकर्ता के मोबाइल डिवाइस से प्राप्त अनुमानित भौगोलिक स्थान को जोड़ सकते हैं और उपयोगकर्ता की पहचान की पुष्टि करने और धोखेबाजी के आचरण को रोकने के लिए उपयोगकर्ता द्वारा स्वेच्छा से वेबसाइट पर सबमिट की गई पता जानकारी के साथ उसका मिलान करते हैं।
सैन्य सदस्यों के नागरिक राहत अधिनियम (एससीआरए) द्वारा कवर किए गए अमेरिका के सशस्त्र बलों और अन्य कर्मियों के सदस्यों की बेहतर सेवा के लिए। (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et. seq.) *, ID.me एससीआरए के प्रावधानों के अनुपालन को सुगम बनाने के लिए वित्तीय सेवा कंपनियों और तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों को सेवाएं प्रदान करता है। ID.me में शामिल होकर, आप सहमति देते हैं कि ID.me एससीआरए लाभों और सुरक्षाओं के लिए आपके या आपके परिवार के सदस्य की पात्रता निर्धारित करने में वित्तीय सेवा कंपनियों और तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों की सहायता करने के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग कर सकता है। ID.me आपकी एससीआरए पात्रता स्थिति में किसी भी बदलाव के  बारे में तीसरे पक्ष को सूचित करने के लिए समय-समय पर आपकी पात्रता या आपके परिवार के सदस्य की पात्रता की पुष्टि करने के लिए आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का उपयोग कर सकता है। इस जानकारी के स्रोत में, लेकिन इन तक ही सीमित नहीं है, सार्वजनिक रूप से उपलब्ध वेबसाइट्स, भौतिक दस्तावेज़ीकरण, वित्तीय जानकारी, ID.me का नेटवर्क या तीसरे पक्ष शामिल हो सकते हैं, जिनके ID.me के साथ अनुबंधात्मक संबंध हो सकते हैं।
*ID.me की एससीआरए सेवाओं का दायरा एससीआरए (उदाहरण के लिए, संयुक्त राज्य सेना, वायुसेना, तट रक्षक, समुद्री कोर, और सक्रिय ड्यूटी पर (और निर्वहन के बाद निर्दिष्ट अवधि के लिए) मौजूद नौसेना सेवा सदस्यों सहित संरक्षित सभी व्यक्तियों को शामिल करता है। इनमें रिजर्विस्ट, नेशनल गार्ड और एयर नेशनल गार्ड के सदस्य, जिन्हें ड्यूटी के लिए सक्रिय किया गया है, और सार्वजनिक स्वास्थ्य सेवा और राष्ट्रीय महासागर और वायुमंडलीय प्रशासन के सक्रिय-सेवा कमीशन अधिकारी, और संघीय या राज्य कानूनों और विनियमों के अनुसार जहाँ लागू हो, एससीआरए के तहत संरक्षित व्यक्ति के आश्रित और परिवार के सदस्य) शामिल हैं।
3. उपयोगकर्ता द्वारा प्रदान की गई जानकारी का निर्गम
हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का पहचाने गए कार्यक्रमों और लाभों के लिए आपकी पहचान और योग्यता को सत्यापित करने या नीचे बताए अनुसार आपकी सहमति की प्राप्ति के सिवाय, अन्य पक्षों के साथ साझाकरण, विक्रय, किराये पर देना या व्यापार नहीं करेंगे:
हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को आपके ID.me खाते को सत्यापित करने के लिए आवश्यक इकाइयों के साथ साझा करेंगे और ID.me सेवा प्रदान करेंगे।
व्यापारियों और अन्य सेवा प्रदाताओं से छूटें, कैश बैक रिबेट्स और अन्य लाभ प्राप्त करने के लिए आपकी पहचान और योग्यता को सत्यापित करने के लिए, हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी तृतीय पक्षों जैसे, सरकारी एजेंसियों, दूरसंचार नेटवर्कों, वित्तीय संस्थानों या अन्य भरोसेमंद और विश्वसनीय स्रोतों को प्रदान करेंगे। पूर्वगामी पक्षों को आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का हमारा प्रदायन मात्र ID.me सेवा के लिए आपकी पहचान और पात्रता को सत्यापित करने के लिए है। हमने ऊपर वर्णित संस्थाओं ("पंजीकरण प्राधिकरण") जैसे मान्यता प्राप्त पंजीकरण प्राधिकरणों के साथ संबंध और प्रोटोकॉल स्थापित किए हैं, ताकि आपके द्वारा प्रदान की जाने वाली व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का कोई भी प्रसारण उद्योग मानक एन्क्रिप्शन टूल का उपयोग करके किया जाएगा, जिसे ऐसी जानकारी अनधिकृत उपयोग से को सुरक्षित रखने के लिए बनाया गया है।
हमें कोई भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी प्रदान करके, आप ID.me को पंजीकरण प्राधिकरणों और अन्य विश्वसनीय संस्थाओं को ऐसी जानकारी प्रदान करने के लिए प्राधिकृत करते हैं ताकि आपकी पहचान और छूटें, कैश बैक रिबेट्स और लाभ प्राप्त करने की योग्यता को सत्यापित किया जा सके।
हम तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों के साथ आपके ID.me खाते (ID.me कैश बैक प्रोग्राम सहित) से जुड़ी कुछ व्यक्तिगत जानकारी साझा करेंगे यदि आप हमें ऐसा करने की अनुमति देते हैं।  आप वेबसाइट के साथ पंजीकरण करके और तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों को एक्सेस करने, उनके साथ पंजीकरण करने, सदस्यता लेने और अन्यथा उनका उपयोग करने के लिए अपने ID.me खाते का उपयोग करके हमें यह अनुमति देते हैं। हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को आपकी अनुमति के बिना तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स के साथ साझा नहीं करते हैं। तथापि, कृपया ध्यान दें कि, तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स पर अपने ID.me खाते का उपयोग करके, आप स्पष्ट रूप से हमें ऐसी तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों के साथ अपने ID.me खाते से जुड़ी कुछ व्यक्तिगत जानकारी साझा करने के लिए अधिकृत कर रहे हैं।
ID.me सेवा का उद्देश्य आपको तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट के साथ सदस्यता या प्रोफ़ाइल बनाने और अपने ID.me खाते से जुड़ी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को स्वचालित रूप से स्थानांतरित करके तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट के साथ लेनदेन करने में सक्षम करना है। विभिन्न संगठनों से लाभ या छूटें प्राप्त करने की आपकी योग्यता को सत्यापित करने के लिए और तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों को ऐसी योग्यता की सूचना देने के लिए व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का यह स्थानांतरण आवश्यक है। तीसरे पक्ष की वेबसाइटों के साथ ID.me द्वारा साझा की गई जानकारी उस व्यक्तिगत जानकारी तक सीमित होगी जिसे ID.me अपने विवेकाधिकार पर, यहां वर्णित लेनदेन को पूरा करने के लिए आवश्यक मानता है। आपकी जानकारी के तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट पर जारी होने से पहले आपको लेनदेन को पूरा करने के लिए आवश्यक जानकारी की समीक्षा करने का अवसर मिलेगा। आपकी स्पष्ट अनुमति न होने पर, ID.me तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स को आपके ID.me खाते से जुड़ी किसी भी जानकारी तक एक्सेस नहीं देगा। ID.me सेवा का उपयोग करने में, उपयोगकर्ताओं के पास यह नियंत्रित करने की क्षमता होती है कि कौन सी तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स को उनकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी प्रदान की गई है। हम किसी तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट के साथ उपयोगकर्ता की व्यक्तिगत जानकारी साझा नहीं करेंगे जब तक कि उपयोगकर्ता तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट के साथ पंजीकरण करने के लिए या तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट में अपनी जानकारी तक पहुंच को अधिकृत करने के लिए अपने ID.me खाते का उपयोग करके इस तरह के साझाकरण को अधिकृत नहीं करता है।
हम आपकी जानकारी अधिकृत तृतीय पक्ष सेवा प्रदाताओं के साथ साझा करते हैं।
हम तृतीय पक्ष सेवा प्रदाताओं के माध्यम से वेबसाइट की कुछ सेवाएं और उत्पाद प्रदान करते हैं। ये सेवा प्रदाता हमारी ओर से कार्य करते हैं, जैसे कि हमारे प्रशासनिक और प्रचार ईमेल भेजना और वितरित करना। ग्राहक सूची में दोहराव की जानकारी को हटाने, डेटा का विश्लेषण करने, विपणन सहायता प्रदान करने, क्रेडिट कार्ड भुगतान प्रक्रिया, वेबसाइट संचालित करने, समस्या निवारण, और ग्राहक सेवा प्रदान करने के लिए हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी ऐसे सेवा प्रदाताओं के साथ साझा कर सकते हैं। हम उन व्यक्तियों और कंपनियों से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी भी एकत्र कर सकते हैं जिनके साथ हमारे अनुबंधित व्यावसायिक संबंध हैं ("सहयोगी")। तथापि, हम इन संस्थाओं को उपयोग करने का कोई भी अधिकार का प्रदान नहीं करते हैं, और उन्हें हमें और आपको  किसी भी उद्देश्य के लिए किसी भी जानकारी का उपयोग करने से अनुबंधात्मक रूप से प्रतिबंधित करते हैं।
व्यापार हस्तांतरण में जानकारी।
किसी भी अन्य व्यवसाय की तरह, हम किसी भी अन्य कंपनी के साथ विलय कर सकते हैं, या उसके द्वारा अधिग्रहित किए जा सकते हैं, या हम भविष्य में लागू दिवालियापन कानूनों के तहत सुरक्षा के लिए अर्जी फाइल कर सकते हैं। ऐसी स्थिति में, व्यक्तिगत जानकारी सहित Id.me द्वारा प्राप्त और अपने पास रखी गई उपयोगकर्ता की जानकारी कॉर्पोरेट विलय, समेकन, संपत्तियों की बिक्री, दिवालियेपन या अन्य कॉर्पोरेट परिवर्तन के संबंध में उत्तराधिकारी इकाई में स्थानांतरित हो जाएगी। ऐसे किसी भी स्थानांतरण से पहले सबमिट की गई उपयोगकर्ता जानकारी इस गोपनीयता नीति की शर्तों के अधीन रहेगी (जैसे कि यह सबमिशन की तारीख पर मौजूद थी)। हालांकि, उत्तराधिकारी इकाई में स्थानांतरण के बाद सबमिट की गई उपयोगकर्ता जानकारी उत्तराधिकारी इकाई द्वारा अपनाई गई नई गोपनीयता नीति के अधीन हो सकती है।
हम आपकी जानकारी को हमारी सुरक्षा और दूसरों की सुरक्षा के लिए साझा कर सकते हैं।
हम कानून द्वारा आवश्यक आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का खुलासा करने का अधिकार सुरक्षित रखते हैं और जब हम मानते हैं कि हमारे अधिकारों की रक्षा के लिए प्रकटीकरण आवश्यक है और/या न्यायिक कार्यवाही, अदालत के आदेश या हमारी वेबसाइट पर दी गई कानूनी प्रक्रिया का अनुपालन करना आवश्यक है; इस गोपनीयता नीति, हमारी वेबसाइट की सेवा की शर्तों या अन्य समझौतों का प्रवर्तन या उन्हें लागू करने के लिए; या संदिग्ध या वास्तविक निषिद्ध गतिविधियों को जांचने, रोकने या उन पर कार्यवाही करने, जिनमें शामिल है, पर इन तक ही सीमित नहीं है जालसाजी या किसी भी व्यक्ति की शारीरिक सुरक्षा को संभावित खतरों या किसी भी व्यक्ति या इकाई को वित्तीय हानि से बचाने के लिए; या वेबसाइट, उसके उपयोगकर्ताओं या अन्य लोगों के अधिकारों, संपत्ति की सुरक्षा और रक्षा करने के लिए।
4. विज्ञापन की जानकारी का निर्गम
हम सेवा प्रदाताओं और सहयोगियों के साथ गैर-व्यक्तिगत जानकारी का खुलासा या साझाकरण कर सकते हैं। उदाहरण के लिए, हम समेकित जनसांख्यिकीय जानकारी (जिसमें कोई व्यक्तिगत जानकारी शामिल नहीं है) को विज्ञापनदाताओं या विज्ञापन कंपनियों (वे कंपनियां जो हमें हमारे विज्ञापन प्रदान करने में सहायता करती हैं या "विज्ञापन कंपनियां") और नीचे दि गए अन्य पक्षों के साथ साझा कर सकते हैं:
जब आप हमारी वेबसाइट पर जाते हैं या हमारे मार्केटिंग संदेशों के हिस्से के रूप में विज्ञापन देने के लिए हम विज्ञापन कंपनियों का उपयोग कर सकते हैं। ये कंपनियां इस और अन्य वेबसाइट्स पर आपके जाने से संबंधी जानकारी का उपयोग कर सकती हैं, ताकि वे नेटवर्क टैग्स के उपयोग के माध्यम से, आपकी दिलचस्पी के सामान और सेवाओं के बारे में विज्ञापन प्रदान कर सकें। इनमें से कुछ विज्ञापन कंपनियां ऐसे विज्ञापन नेटवर्क हो सकती हैं जो नेटवर्क एडवर्टाइज़िंग इनिशियेटिव ("एनएआई") या डिजिटल एडवर्टाइज़िंग आलियांस ("डीएए") के सदस्य हैं। यदि आप इन नेटवर्कों के बारे में अधिक जानकारी चाहते हैं, या उनकी सदस्य कंपनियों के लक्षित विज्ञापनों से ऑप्ट-आउट करना चाहते हैं, तो कृपया यहां क्लिक करें: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp, या YouAdChoices आइकन पर क्लिक करें। हम अपनी वेबसाइट का प्रशासन करने और अपनी गुणवत्ता में लगातार सुधार करने के लिए हमारे उपयोगकर्ताओं से डी-आइडेंटिफाइड उपयोग और परिमाण की सांख्यिकीय जानकारी को ट्रैक और विश्लेषण करने के लिए सेवा प्रदाताओं का भी उपयोग करते हैं। हम इस जानकारी को प्रचार उद्देश्यों या विज्ञापनदाताओं के लिए प्रतिनिधि दर्शकों के रूप में भी प्रकाशित कर सकते हैं। कृपया ध्यान दें कि यह ऊपर परिभाषित किए अनुसार व्यक्तिगत जानकारी नहीं है, केवल हमारे उपयोगकर्ताओं की गतिविधियों के सामान्य सारांश हैं। इस तरह का डेटा हमारी ओर से एकत्रित किया जाता है और इसका स्वामित्व और उपयोग हमारे द्वारा किया जाता है।
5. जानकारी का अद्यतन और सुधार करना
हमारा मानना ​​है कि आपके पास आपके द्वारा हमें प्रदान की जाने वाली व्यक्तिगत जानकारी तक पहुंचने और संपादित करने की क्षमता होनी चाहिए। आप अपने खाते में लॉग इन करके और साइट के "मेरा खाता" अनुभाग तक पहुंचकर अपनी कोई भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी बदल सकते हैं। आप help@id.me पर हमें एक ईमेल भेजकर या 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102 पर हमें पत्र लिखकर अपनी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी अपडेट कर सकते हैं। हमसे संपर्क करते समय कृपया अपना नाम, पता और ईमेल पता इंगित करें, और बताएं कि आप किस जानकारी को अपडेट करना चाहते हैं।
यदि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी बदलती है तो उसे तत्काल अपडेट करें। आप हमसे कहकर अपने खाते की जानकारी को मिटा या हटा सकते हैं; हालांकि, कानून द्वारा आवश्यक होने पर हम कुछ जानकारी को ट्रैक कर सकते हैं। इसके अतिरिक्त, हमारी बैक-अप प्रक्रियाओं के कारण हमारे लिए आपकी सारी जानकारी पूरी तरह से मिटाना असंभव हो सकता है, लेकिन जब तक हम आपकी जानकारी को नष्ट नहीं कर लेते हैं, तब तक हम ऐसे बैक-अप की सुरक्षा के लिए व्यावसायिक रूप से उचित प्रयासों का उपयोग करेंगे।
6. व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की रक्षा और नष्ट करना
हम आपकी किसी भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को आवश्यकता से अधिक समय तक नहीं बनाए रखेंगे।
व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को तब तक रखा जाएगा जब तक कि हम कानूनी, अनुबंधात्मक और नीति संबंधी दायित्वों को पूरा न कर लें।  वर्तमान में, इन दायित्वों को पूरा करने के लिए, हमारी प्रतिधारण नीति ID.me के साथ आपके खाते की अवधि और पाँच वर्ष है।  ID.me की सेवाएं उपलब्ध न होने की स्थिति में ID.me लागू कानून के अनुसार आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को सुरक्षित और/या सुरक्षित रूप से नष्ट करने के लिए अपनी क्षमता के भीतर वाणिज्यिक रूप से उचित प्रयास करेगा।
हमारे द्वारा आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को अपने पास रखने के दौरान, हम उसकी अनधिकृत पहुंच से रक्षा करने के लिए अनुमोदित उद्योग द्वारा मान्यता प्राप्त एन्क्रिप्शन विधियों का उपयोग करते हैं।  इसी प्रकार, जब हम आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को नष्ट करते हैं, तो हम इस तरह के विनाश को संपन्न करने के लिए उद्योग द्वारा मान्यता प्राप्त विधियों का उपयोग करते हैं।
7. जानकारी के संग्रह और जानकारी के प्रति उपयोगकर्ता विकल्प
ID.me सेवा (और, जहां लागू हो, तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स के साथ) के साथ आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के विशिष्ट आइटम साझा करने का निर्णय आपका और केवल आपका है। आप पंजीकरण प्रक्रिया के दौरान वेबसाइट द्वारा अनुरोध की गई सभी या केवल कुछ जानकारी प्रदान करने का चुनाव कर सकते हैं, और आप किसी भी समय पहले से प्रदान की गई कुछ जानकारी को निकालने का निर्णय ले सकते हैं। हालांकि, यदि आप उपरोक्त में से कोई भी जानकारी प्रदान करने से इनकार करते हैं, तो आप ID.me खाते के लिए पंजीकरण नहीं कर सकते हैं या ID.me सेवा के कुछ लाभों तक पहुंचने में सक्षम नहीं हो सकते हैं (कुछ सौदों, नकदी वापस पुरस्कारों, ऑफ़रों या तीसरे पक्ष की वेबसाइटों द्वारा प्रदान किए जाने वाले अवसरों सहित जिन पर कुछ पात्रता आवश्यकताएं लागू होती हैं)।
यहां अन्यथा प्रदान किए गए के अलावा, यदि आप खाते के लिए पंजीकरण करते हैं, या ID.me Marketplace सहित ID.me सेवा में लॉगिन करते हैं, तो आप अपने द्वारा प्रदान किए गए ईमेल पते पर ई-मेल (अर्थात्, प्रशासनिक ईमेल और प्रोमोशनल ईमेल, जैसा नीचे परिभाषित है) प्राप्त करने के लिए स्पष्ट रूप से सहमति दे रहे हैं।  हालांकि, यदि आप किसी तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट के माध्यम से साइन अप कर चुके हैं, तो हम आपको प्रोमोशनल ईमेल नहीं भेजेंगे, जब तक कि आप ID.me Marketplace सहित ID.me सेवा के उपयोगकर्ता के रूप में ऐसे ईमेल प्राप्त करने के लिए अलग-अलग पंजीकरण या लॉग इन नहीं करते हैं।
"प्रशासनिक ईमेल" ID.me सेवा के साथ उपयोगकर्ता की गतिविधि से संबंधित होते हैं, और इनमें उपयोगकर्ता के खाते, अनुरोध या पूछताछ के बारे में ईमेल, अर्जित कैश बैक रिबेट्स, और उत्पादों और सेवाओं की खरीद के संबंध में ईमेल शामिल हैं। "प्रोमोशनल ईमेल" तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स जैसे कैश बैक छूट प्रोत्साहनों, रोज़गार और शैक्षणिक अवसरों, और/या हमारी तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स, तृतीय पक्ष सेवा प्रदाताओं और सहयोगियों के उत्पादों और सेवाओं द्वारा बिक्री और अन्य ऑफ़रों सहित हमारे उत्पादों और सेवाओं का विज्ञापन करते हैं।
आप प्रशासनिक ईमेलों से ऑप्ट आउट नहीं कर सकते हैं।  हालांकि, आपके पास प्रोमोशनल ईमेल प्राप्त करने से ऑप्ट-आउट करने की क्षमता है।
यदि आप हमसे प्रोमोशनल ईमेल प्राप्त करने से ऑप्ट आउट करना चाहते हैं, तो हमें feedback@id.me पर ई-मेल करें, यहां दिए गए पते पर हमें लिखें, या हमारे किसी भी ईमेल के नीचे "सदस्यता समाप्त करें" बटन पर क्लिक करें और उसके जवाब में आवश्यक कोई भी अतिरिक्त कदम पूरा करें। हमसे संपर्क करते समय, कृपया अपना नाम, पता, ईमेल पता इंगित करें, और बताएं कि अब आप सभी या कुछ प्रोमोशनल ईमेल प्राप्त नहीं करना चाहते हैं।
8. जानकारी की सुरक्षा
हम व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की सुरक्षा को गंभीरता से लेते हैं और उसकी सुरक्षा के लिए कई सावधानियाँ बरतते हैं। आप अपनी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी को हमारी वेबसाइट पर पासवर्ड और ईमेल पते के माध्यम से एक्सेस कर सकते हैं। यह पासवर्ड हैश युक्त है (ताकि यह पुनर्प्राप्त करने योग्य न हो लेकिन फिर भी अद्वितीय हो)। हम अनुशंसा करते हैं कि आप अपना पासवर्ड किसी के साथ साझा न करें। इसके अतिरिक्त, आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी एक सुरक्षित सर्वर पर रहती है जिसमें केवल चुनिंदा कर्मियों और ठेकेदारों को एक्सेस होता है। दुर्भाग्य से, इंटरनेट या किसी भी वायरलेस नेटवर्क पर किसी भी डेटा संचरण के 100% सुरक्षित होने की गारंटी नहीं दी जा सकती है। नतीजतन, जब हम डेटा की सुरक्षा के लिए व्यावसायिक रूप से उचित सुरक्षा उपाय करते हैं और ऐसे सेवा प्रदाताओं के साथ साझेदारी करना चाहते हैं जो ऐसा ही करते हैं, तो हम वेबसाइट पर संचरित किसी भी जानकारी की सुरक्षा की गारंटी नहीं दे सकते हैं और किसी ऐसे तृतीय पक्ष के कार्यों के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं जिन्हें ऐसी कोई भी जानकारी प्राप्त हो सकती है।
9. डेटा ट्रैकिंग
कुकीज़।
वेबसाइट के साथ आपके अनुभव को सुगम और अनुकूलित करने के लिए, हम आपके कंप्यूटर पर कुकीज़ संग्रहीत करते हैं। कुकी एक छोटी टेक्स्ट फ़ाइल होती है जो किसी उपयोगकर्ता के कंप्यूटर पर रिकॉर्ड-कीपिंग उद्देश्यों के लिए संग्रहीत होती है जिसमें उस उपयोगकर्ता के बारे में जानकारी होती है। हम वेबसाइट का उपयोग करते समय आपका समय बचाने के लिए, हमें याद दिलाने के लिए कि आप कौन हैं, कैश बैक रिबेट्स प्रशासित करने के लिए, और एक अनुकूलित अनुभव प्रदान करने के लिए उपयोगकर्ताओं की रुचियों को ट्रैक और लक्षित करने के लिए कुकीज़ का उपयोग करते हैं। कुकीज़ हमें आपसे गैर-व्यक्तिगत जानकारी एकत्र करने की अनुमति देती है, जैसे आप किस पृष्ठ पर गए थे और आपने किन लिंक्स पर क्लिक किया था। इस जानकारी का उपयोग हमें हमारी वेबसाइट पर आने वालों के लिए अधिक उपयोगकर्ता-अनुकूल अनुभव बनाने में मदद करता है। इसके अतिरिक्त, हम हमारी वेबसाइट पर विज्ञापन प्रदर्शित करने के लिए विज्ञापन वेबसाइटों का उपयोग कर सकते हैं। उनकी सेवा के हिस्से के रूप में, वे आपके कंप्यूटर पर अलग कुकीज़ रख सकते हैं। हमारे पास इन कुकीज़ तक कोई पहुंच या उन पर नियंत्रण नहीं है। यह गोपनीयता नीति केवल वेबसाइट द्वारा कुकीज़ के उपयोग को कवर करती है और किसी तीसरे पक्ष की वेबसाइट, सेवा प्रदाता या संबद्ध द्वारा कुकीज़ के उपयोग को कवर नहीं करती है। अधिकांश ब्राउज़र स्वचालित रूप से कुकीज़ स्वीकार करते हैं, लेकिन आप कुकीज को अस्वीकार करने के लिए अपनी ब्राउज़र सेटिंग्स को संशोधित करने में सक्षम हो सकते हैं। कृपया ध्यान दें कि यदि आप इन कुकीज़ को अस्वीकार करते या हटाते हैं, तो हमारे कैश बैक प्रोग्राम समेत वेबसाइट के कुछ हिस्से ठीक से काम नहीं कर सकते हैं।  हमारी वेबसाइट पर कुकीज़ के हमारे उपयोग के बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए, कृपया हमारी कुकी नीति  यहाँ देखें।
अन्य ट्रैकिंग डिवाइस।
हम आपके द्वारा अपने वेबसाइट पृष्ठों और प्रोत्साहनों के उपयोग को ट्रैक करने के लिए पिक्सेल टैग और वेब बीकन जैसी अन्य उद्योग मानक तकनीकों का उपयोग कर सकते हैं, या हम अपने सेवा प्रदाताओं को हमारी ओर से इन उपकरणों का उपयोग करने की अनुमति दे सकते हैं। पिक्सेल टैग और वेब बीकन हमारी वेबसाइट पर कुछ पृष्ठों पर या हमारे ईमेलों में रखी गई छोटी ग्राफिक छवियां हैं, जो हमें यह निर्धारित करने की अनुमति देती हैं कि आपने कोई विशिष्ट क्रिया की है या नहीं। जब आप इन पृष्ठों तक पहुंचते हैं या ईमेल खोलते या क्लिक करते हैं, तो पिक्सेल टैग और वेब बीकन उस क्रिया का एक नोट उत्पन्न करते हैं। पिक्सेल टैग हमें हमारी वेबसाइट पर आने वालों के यातायात और व्यवहार की हमारी समझ को मापने और सुधारने की अनुमति देते हैं, और साथ ही हमें अपने प्रोत्साहनों और कार्य प्रदर्शन को मापने का एक तरीका भी प्रदान करते हैं। हम इन्हीं उद्देश्यों के लिए हमारे सहयोगियों और/या मार्केटिंग पार्टनरों द्वारा प्रदान किए गए पिक्सेल टैग और वेब बीकन का भी उपयोग कर सकते हैं। वेबसाइट वर्तमान में वेब ब्राउज़रों से डीएनटी या "ट्रैक न करें" सिग्नल का जवाब देने के लिए कॉन्फ़िगर नहीं की गई है।
10. तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइटों की गोपनीयता नीतियां
यह गोपनीयता नीति केवल हमारी वेबसाइट पर हमारे द्वारा आपसे एकत्र की जाने वाली जानकारी के उपयोग और प्रकटीकरण को संबोधित करती है।  तृतीय पक्ष वेबसाइट्स सहित अन्य वेबसाइट्स इस वेबसाइट के माध्यम से सुलभ हो सकती हैं, और उनकी अपनी गोपनीयता नीतियां और डेटा संग्रह, उपयोग और प्रकटीकरण प्रथाएं हैं। यदि आप ऐसी किसी भी वेबसाइट को लिंक करते हैं, तो हम आपको इस तरह की वेबसाइट की गोपनीयता नीति की समीक्षा करने का आग्रह करते हैं। हम तीसरे पक्ष की नीतियों या प्रथाओं के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं हैं।
11. विविध गोपनीयता मुद्दे
अगर हमारी गोपनीयता नीति या प्रथाओं के बारे में आपके कोई प्रश्न या शिकायतें हैं, तो कृपया help@id.me पर हमसे संपर्क करें।
18 वर्ष से कम।
18 वर्ष से कम उम्र के व्यक्ति वेबसाइट का उपयोग नहीं कर सकते हैं। हम 18 वर्ष से कम आयु के किसी भी व्यक्ति से व्यक्तिगत जानकारी जानबूझकर एकत्र नहीं करते हैं, और वेबसाइट का कोई भी हिस्सा 18 वर्ष से कम आयु के किसी भी व्यक्ति को आकर्षित करने के लिए परिकल्पित नहीं है। चूंकि हम जानबूझकर 18 वर्ष से कम आयु के बच्चों से कोई जानकारी एकत्र नहीं करते हैं, इसलिए हम ऐसी जानकारी तीसरे पक्ष को जानबूझकर वितरित भी नहीं करते हैं। अगर आपके पास यह मानने का कारण है कि 18 वर्ष से कम आयु के किसी व्यक्ति ने हमें जानकारी प्रदान की है, तो कृपया support@id.me पर हमसे संपर्क करें और हम कानून के अधीन और अनुपालन में इस तरह की जानकारी को तत्काल हटा देंगे।
सार्वजनिक क्षेत्र।
हम वेबसाइट पर ऐसे क्षेत्र प्रदान कर सकते हैं जहां आप अपने बारे में जानकारी सार्वजनिक रूप से पोस्ट कर सकते हैं, दूसरों के साथ संवाद कर सकते हैं (जैसे चर्चा बोर्ड या ब्लॉग), या उत्पादों की समीक्षा कर सकते हैं, और मीडिया सामग्री सबमिट कर सकते हैं। यह जानकारी अन्य उपभोक्ताओं और कंपनियों को सुलभ हो सकती है, और अन्य वेबसाइट्स या वेब खोजों पर दिखाई दे सकती है; इसलिए इस जानकारी को दूसरों के द्वारा पढ़ा, एकत्र और उपयोग किया जा सकता है। उदाहरण के लिए, यदि आप अपने ईमेल पते को किसी उत्पाद या सेवा समीक्षा के साथ पोस्ट करते हैं, तो आपको अन्य पंजीकृत उपयोगकर्ताओं से अनचाहे संदेश प्राप्त हो सकते हैं। इस बात पर हमारा कोई नियंत्रण नहीं है कि आपकी पोस्टिंग्स को कौन पढ़ता है या आपके द्वारा स्वेच्छा से पोस्ट की जाने वाली जानकारी के साथ अन्य उपयोगकर्ता क्या कर सकते हैं, इसलिए कृपया कोई भी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी पोस्ट करते समय सावधानी बरतें। हम अपने उपयोगकर्ताओं से उनकी समीक्षाओं के साथ उनका नाम पोस्ट करने के लिए सहमति प्राप्त करते हैं।
फेसबुक का प्रयोग
यदि आप वर्तमान में ID.me उपयोगकर्ता के रूप में पंजीकृत नहीं हैं और आप "फेसबुक का उपयोग करके साइन इन करें" पर क्लिक करते हैं, तो आपको पहले अपने फेसबुक उपयोगकर्ता नाम और पासवर्ड का उपयोग करके फेसबुक में लॉग इन करने के लिए कहा जाएगा।  फेसबुक पर लॉग इन करने के बाद, आपको अपने फेसबुक नाम, ईमेल और लिंग का उपयोग करके पंजीकरण करने और ID.me में शामिल होने का विकल्प दिया जाएगा।  यदि अब आप अपने फेसबुक ईमेल का उपयोग करके हमारी सेवा में लॉग इन नहीं करना चाहते हैं, तो आप फेसबुक के माध्यम से इस सेटिंग को समायोजित कर सकते हैं। इस लॉगिन फ़ंक्शन के लिए फेसबुक का आपका उपयोग फेसबुक गोपनीयता नीति और प्रथाओं के अधीन है। Id.me फेसबुक और फेसबुक की गोपनीयता प्रथाओं के लिए ज़िम्मेदार नहीं है और फेसबुक पर इस गोपनीयता नीति का अनुपालन करने का कोई दायित्व नहीं है। इस लॉगिन फ़ंक्शन को सक्षम करने से पहले, उपयोगकर्ताओं को फेसबुक गोपनीयता नीति और प्रथाओं की समीक्षा करनी चाहिए। इसके अलावा, हम अपनी वेबसाइट और सेवा के उपयोगकर्ताओं को बेहतर ढंग से समझने और हमारी सेवा के बारे में उपयोगकर्ताओं से संवाद करने के लिए फेसबुक का उपयोग करते हैं।  उदाहरण के लिए, हम इस सुविधा का उपयोग उन उपयोगकर्ताओं को अनुस्मारक प्रदान करने के लिए कर सकते हैं जिन्होंने इस फेसबुक फ़ंक्शन का उपयोग करके हमारी वेबसाइट पर अपनी पंजीकरण प्रक्रिया पूरी नहीं की है।  विज्ञापन कंपनियों के साथ हम कैसे अंतर्क्रिया करते हैं, इस बारे में अधिक जानकारी के लिए कृपया उपरोक्त अनुभाग 4 और हमारी कुकी नीति देखें
कैलिफ़ोर्निया निवासियों के लिए गोपनीयता अधिकारों की सूचना।
कैलिफ़ोर्निया कानून के लिए आवश्यक है कि हम आपको कैलिफ़ोर्निया ऑनलाइन गोपनीयता संरक्षण अधिनियम ("अधिनियम") और कैलिफ़ोर्निया व्यवसाय और व्यवसाय कोड के तहत अपने गोपनीयता अधिकारों का सारांश प्रदान करें। अधिनियम के अनुसार, हम आपको व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की श्रेणियां प्रदान करेंगे जो हम वेबसाइट और तृतीय पक्षों की श्रेणियों के माध्यम से एकत्र करते हैं जिनके साथ आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी डायरेक्ट मार्केटिंग प्रयोजनों के लिए साझा की जा सकती है। कैलिफ़ोर्निया कानून हमें, आपके अनुरोध पर, आपको निम्नलिखित सूचित करना आवश्यक करता है, (1) व्यक्तिगत जानकारी की वे श्रेणियां जिन्हें हम एकत्र करते हैं और हम किस तीसरे पक्ष के साथ उस जानकारी को साझा करते हैं; (2) उन तीसरे पक्षों के नाम और पते; और (3) उन कंपनियों द्वारा बेचे जाने वाले उत्पादों के उदाहरण। इस अधिनियम के लिए हमें आपको यह नियंत्रित करने की अनुमति देने की आवश्यकता है कि आप हमें किसके साथ उस जानकारी को साझा नहीं करने देना चाहते हैं। इस जानकारी को प्राप्त करने के लिए, कृपया नीचे दिए गए पते पर ईमेल या मानक डाक द्वारा एक अनुरोध भेजें। हमसे संपर्क करते समय, कृपया अपना नाम, पता, ईमेल पता, और वह व्यक्तिगत जानकारी बताएं जिसे आप नहीं चाहते हैं कि हम सहयोगी या मार्केटिंग पार्टनरों के साथ साझा करें। यह अनुरोध हमारे कानूनी विभाग को भेजा जाना चाहिए और उस पर "कैलिफ़ोर्निया ग्राहक विकल्प नोटिस" लिखना चाहिए। प्रतिक्रिया के लिए कृपया 30 दिन प्रतीक्षा करें। साथ ही, कृपया ध्यान दें कि आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी साझा करने या इस नोटिस का अनुरोध करने के लिए कोई शुल्क नहीं है।
अंतर्राष्ट्रीय उपयोगकर्ता; यूरोपीय आर्थिक क्षेत्र ("ईईए") के उपयोगकर्ता।
यह वेबसाइट संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में होस्ट की गई है। यदि आप संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका के बाहर से वेबसाइट तक पहुंचने वाले उपयोगकर्ता हैं, तो व्यक्तिगत डेटा संग्रह, उपयोग और प्रकटीकरण को नियंत्रित करने वाले कानूनों या विनियमों के साथ, जो संयुक्त राज्य के कानूनों से अलग हैं, आप अपनी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी और अन्य व्यक्तिगत डेटा को संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में स्थानांतरित कर रहे हैं जिनके पास ऐसे अन्य क्षेत्रों के समान डेटा संरक्षण कानून नहीं हैं। वेबसाइट पर अपनी जानकारी प्रदान करके, आप इस गोपनीयता नीति और हमारी सेवा की शर्तों के अनुसार संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में प्रोसेसिंग और रखरखाव के लिए अपनी जानकारी के हस्तांतरण की सहमति दे रहे हैं। जब तक इस अनुभाग में अन्यथा निर्दिष्ट नहीं किया जाता है, आप वेबसाइट और ID.me सेवा से संबंधित सभी मामलों में  डेलावेयर कानून नियंत्रक और अमेरिकी संघीय कानून के लागू होने के लिए भी सहमति दे रहे हैं।
ईईए के उपयोगकर्ताओं के लिए:
आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा के संबंध में यूरोपीय कानून के तहत आपके पास कुछ अधिकार हैं, जिसमें आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा को एक्सेस करने, सुधारने, संशोधित करने, हटाने, या उसके उपयोग को सीमित करने का अनुरोध करने का अधिकार शामिल है। यदि आप इन अधिकारों का प्रयोग करना चाहते हैं, तो कृपया help@id.me से संपर्क करें। आपके पास अपने निवास के सदस्य राज्य में लागू पर्यवेक्षी प्राधिकारी के साथ शिकायत दर्ज कराने का अधिकार भी हो सकता है।     इसके अतिरिक्त, हम ध्यान देते हैं कि यूरोपीय कानूनों के प्रयोजनों के लिए, हम आपके व्यक्तिगत डेटा के लिए डेटा नियंत्रक के रूप में कार्य करते हैं और आम तौर पर आपकी सहमति के साथ आपकी जानकारी को संसाधित करते हैं, ताकि हम आपके साथ किए गए अनुबंधों को पूरा कर सकें (उदाहरण के लिए आपको कैश बैक पुरस्कार देने के लिए, या पहचान प्रमाणन को पूरा करने के लिए), या अन्यथा ऊपर सूचीबद्ध हमारे वैध व्यावसायिक हितों को आगे बढ़ाने के लिए (जैसे प्रत्यक्ष विपणन प्रयासों का समर्थन करने, या धोखाधड़ी को रोकने के लिए)।  जैसे कि ऊपर चर्चा की गई है, हम अपनी सेवाओं को प्रदान करने के लिए आपकी कुछ जानकारी संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में स्थानांतरित कर सकते हैं।  चूंकि संयुक्त राज्य अमेरिका में आपकी व्यक्तिगत जानकारी के उपयोग की रक्षा करने वाले समतुल्य डेटा संरक्षण कानून नहीं हैं, इसलिए यूरोपीय आयोग द्वारा अनुमोदित मानक अनुबंध खंडों का उपयोग करके या पर्याप्त सुरक्षा उपाय लागू करने के लिए अन्य तरीके अपनाकर यूरोपीय सुरक्षा कानून का पालन करते हैं।
12. हमसे संपर्क करना
चाहे आप एक नए या वफादार ग्राहक हों, रेस्टोरेंट के मालिक, मार्केटर, प्रकाशक, मीडिया सदस्य या नौकरी तलाशने वाले हों हम आपसे जुड़े रहना और आपकी बात सुनना चाहते हैं!
कॉर्पोरेट पता।
McLean, VA 22102
ग्राहकों के लिए।
सदस्य सेवा पूछताछ help@id.me पर निर्देशित की जा सकती है।
कॉपीराइट © 2018 ID.me, इंक। सभी अधिकार सुरक्षित।
本プライバシーポリシーの英語版と英語以外の版との間に相違がある場合は、あらゆる点で英語版（ https://www.id.me/privacy で利用可）が優先するものとします。
1.  プライバシーポリシーの変更
2.  収集された情報の種類と収集された情報の使用方法
当社は、次の2つの方法でユーザーから情報を収集します： 
「個人情報」とは、特定の個人を識別する情報で、氏名、郵送先住所、電子メールアドレス（.mil電子メールアドレスなど）、電話番号、社会保障番号、生年月日などの情報が含まれます（これに限定されない）。
さらに、ユーザーは、政府機関、通信ネットワーク、クレジットカード会社、金融機関、または、ユーザーのグループ所属の資格情報、軍歴（個人情報を含む可能性がある）、配偶者もしくは直近の親族の社会保障番号、軍属、現役・予備役勤務の日付、金融機関を伴う口座関連情報にアクセスできる同等の権限を持つ機関などの組織および登録機関からの一定の追加情報や追加文書の提出を求められます。
当社は、ユーザーが提供した情報をID.meサービスの一部として使用し、ユーザーの身元を認証し、第三者Webサイトが提供する特定の取引、キャッシュバック リワード、オファーまたはチャンスを含む特典へのアクセス資格を確認します。
ユーザーの個人情報を使用してID.meサービスを提供することに加えて、当社はまた、この情報を、トラブルシューティング、紛争の解決、管理業務の遂行、ユーザーとの連絡、ユーザーとの合意（Webサイトのサービス規約と本プライバシーポリシーを含む）の実行、適用法の遵守、法執行機関の行動との協力のために使用します。
さらに、当社はこの情報をユーザーの適格性（例えば現役軍隊や学生の地位などのグループ所属）の監査、ユーザーアカウントに不正がないかの監査（例えば、購入品が登録されたユーザーの住所に納品されたかを確認する）に使用し、さらに、同じ情報でID.meアカウントを重複して作成されることを阻止するためにも使用します。 当社が自動収集する情報。 ユーザーが当社のWebサイト、ID.me、および当社の認定第三者サービス提供者と広告主（当社のWebサイトや当社のマーケティング資料上で広告を掲載する企業を含む、以下「広告主」）にアクセスすると、ユーザーが本件Webサイトに来る前に訪問したWebサイトのUniform Resource Locator（「URL」）や本件Webサイトを去った後に訪問するWebサイトのURL、使用ブラウザの種類、インターネットプロトコル（「IP」）アドレス、職業、言語、固有のデバイス識別子、およその地理的位置、時間帯などの情報が自動的に収集されます（総称して「自動収集される情報」）。 この種の収集は、モバイルデバイス上のクッキーやWebビーコン、ピクセルタグ、位置ベースの機能などの電子ツールを使用して行い、詳しくは下記第4章および第9章で説明します。
当社は、上記の情報を、トラブルシューティングの実行、Webサイトの管理、傾向分析、人口統計情報の収集、適用法の遵守、法執行機関の行動との協力のために使用します。 また、この情報は、オンライン広告、コンテンツ、およびプログラミングの全体的な有効性を測定するために、認定された第三者のサービス提供者および広告主との間でも共有されます。 一定の限定的な状況では、ID.meの検証プロセスの一環として、ユーザーの身元を確認するために、自動的に収集された情報と個人識別可能な他の識別子を組み合わせて使用します。 例えば、ユーザーの身元を確認し不正行為を防止するために、ユーザーのモバイルデバイスから取得したおおよその地理的位置と、ユーザーが自発的にWebサイトに提出した住所情報を組み合わせて照合することがあります。
IDMeは、米国陸軍のメンバーや軍人市民保護法（Servicemembers Civil Relief Act：SCRA）（50 USC App。501 et seq.）*の対象者により良く奉仕するために、 金融サービス会社と第三者Webサイトにサービスを提供し、彼らのSCRAの規定への準拠を促進します。 ID.meに加入することにより、ユーザーは、 ID.meはユーザーの個人情報を金融サービス会社および第三者Webサイトによるユーザーまたはユーザーの家族のSCRAに基づく利益と保護に対する適格性判断を支援することを目的として使用できる旨に同意するものとなります。 ID.meは、ユーザーの個人情報を、ユーザーまたはユーザーの家族の適格性を確認し、SCRAの適格性ステータスに対する変更を後日第三者に通知するために定期的に使用することができます。 この情報源には、公開されているWebサイト、物としての文書、財務情報、ID.meのネットワークまたはID.meと契約関係にある第三者が含まれます（これらに限定されない）。
* ID.meのSCRAサービス範囲には、SCRAによって保護されているすべての個人が含まれます（例えば、米陸軍、空軍、沿岸警備隊、海兵隊員、海軍の現役軍人（および退役後一定期間の軍人）、並びに、州兵・空軍州兵の現役、予備役で任務遂行中の者、アメリカ公衆衛生局・アメリカ海洋大気庁の現役将校、および、連邦法規、州法規により該当する場合には、SCRAに基づき保護される個人の扶養家族および親族等）。
3.  ユーザー提供情報の公表
当社は、ユーザーの個人情報を、ユーザーのID.meアカウントを検証し、ID.meサービスを提供するために必要な事業体と共有します。
ID.meサービスは、ユーザーが第三者Webサイトでメンバーシップまたはプロファイルを作成し、第三者Webサイトで取引する際にID.meアカウントに関連付けられた個人情報を自動的に転送できるようにすることを目的としています。 この個人情報の転送は、さまざまな組織から特典や割引を受け取るユーザーの適格性を確認し、その適格性を第三者Webサイトに伝えるために必要です。 ID.meが第三者Webサイトと共有する情報は、ID.meが単独の裁量で、本規定で説明する取引を完了するために必要とみなす個人情報に限定されます。 ユーザーの情報については、第三者Webサイトに公開される前に、取引完了に必要な情報を確認する機会があります。 ユーザーからの明示的な許可がない場合、ID.meは、ID.meアカウントに関連付けられた情報へのアクセスを第三者Webサイトに対し承認しません。 ID.meサービスを使用する際、ユーザーには、第三者Webサイトにどの個人情報が提供されるのかを管理する能力があります。 当社は、ユーザーが自己の第三者Webサイトのアカウントを使用して第三者Webサイトに登録している、または、第三者Webサイトの自己の情報へのアクセスを承認している場合を除き、ユーザーの個人情報を第三者Webサイトと共有することはありません。
事業移転における情報
当社は、自社の保護および他者の保護のためにユーザー情報を共有することがあります。
4.  広告情報の公表
当社は、広告会社を使用し、ユーザーがWebサイトを訪問した場合の、または当社のマーケティングメッセージの一部として広告を掲載することがあります。 これらの企業は、ネットワークタグを使用して、ユーザーが関心を持つ商品やサービスに関する広告を提供するために、ここやその他のWebサイトへのユーザーの訪問に関する情報を使用することがあります。 これらの広告会社の一部は、Network Advertising Initiative（NAI）またはDigital Advertising Alliance（DAA）のメンバーである広告ネットワークであることもあります。 これらのネットワークに関する詳細情報をお知りになりたい場合、または、それらのメンバー企業のターゲット広告をオプトアウトしたい場合は、ここ（http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp）をクリックするか、YouAdChoicesアイコンをクリックしてください。 当社はまた、Webサイトを管理し、絶えず品質を改善するために、サービス提供者を使って、ユーザーからの識別されていない使用状況と量的な統計情報を追跡して分析します。 また、プロモーションを目的として、または広告主の代理人としてこの情報を公開する場合があります。 これは、上記で定義した個人情報ではなく、ユーザーの活動の概要でしかないことにご注意ください。 こうしたデータは当社の代わりに収集され、当社が所有し使用します。
変更があれば、速やかに個人情報を更新することをお勧めします。 ユーザーは自分のアカウントの情報を削除または取り除くことを依頼することもできます。ただし、当社は法が求める場合には一定の情報の追跡を確保することがあります。 さらに、ユーザーの情報の完全な削除は、当社のバックアッププロセスを理由として不可能である可能性がありますが、ユーザー情報はその破棄の時まで商業的に合理的な努力をしてバックアップを保護します。
当社はユーザーの個人情報を保持する間、承認を受けた業界で認められた暗号化方法を使用して、不正アクセスから保護します。  同様に、ユーザーの個人情報を破壊する場合には、当社は業界で認められた方法を使用して破壊を実行ます。
7.  情報の収集と利用についてのユーザーの選択
本契約書で別途定められている場合を除き、ID.me Marketplaceを含むID.meサービスのアカウントに登録、またはログインすると、ユーザーは、提出した電子メールアドレスで当社からの電子メール（以下に定義する管理電子メールとプロモーション電子メール）を受信することに明示的に同意したことになります。  ただし、当社は、こうしたメールの受信をユーザーが明示的に同意していない、またはID.me Marketplaceを含むID.meサービスのユーザーとして別途登録またはログインしている場合を除き、ユーザーが第三者Webサイトを通してサインアップしている場合にはプロモーション電子メールを送信しません。
Facebookの使用。
国際ユーザー／欧州経済圏（EEA）のユーザー。
12.  お問い合わせ
会社住所。
McLean,VA 22102
Copyright © 2018 ID.me, Inc. All rights reserved.
ក្នុងករណីមានភាពខុសគ្នារវាងកំណែដែលមិនមែនជាភាសាអង់គ្លេសនៃគោលការណ៍ឯកជននេះ និងកំណែជាភាសាអង់គ្លេសនៃគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះ កំណែភាសាអង់គ្លេសមាននៅ https://www.id.me/privacy ) នឹងមានឥទ្ឋិពលលើនៅក្នុងគ្រប់ទិដ្ឋភាពទាំងអស់។
គោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះអនុវត្តសម្រាប់ ID.me សេវាកម្មនិងគេហទំព័រ (ដែលមានទីតាំងនៅឯ www.ID.me, កម្មវិធីចល័ត ID.me ឬធាតុផ្សំនៃប្រព័ន្ធវេទិកាបច្ចេកវិទ្យារបស់ ID.me ដូចជាធាតុផ្សំនៃក្រុមវីដហ្គេតបុត្រសម្ព័ន្ធ) ដែលមានវត្តមាននៅលើគេហទំព័រអតិថិជនរបស់ខ្លួន។ រាល់វាក្យសព្ទណាមួយដែលមិនត្រូវបានកំណត់នៅក្នុងគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះត្រូវបានកំណត់នៅក្នុងលក្ខខណ្ឌនៃសេវាកម្មរបស់យើង។ ID.me, inc., ជាអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្ម និងគេហទំព័រ (ដែលបានយោងថាជា "យើង" ឬ "យើង") ប្តេជ្ញាចិត្តក្នុងការការពារឯកជនភាពរបស់បុគ្គលទាំងឡាយដែលចូលរុករកទៅកាន់ ឬបើមិនដូច្នេះទេប្រើប្រាស់សេវាកម្មនិង / ឬគេហទំព័រ (ដែលខាងក្រោមនេះគឺជា " អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ "ឬ" អ្នក ") ។ សេវាកម្ម និងគេហទំព័ផ្តល់ដល់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់នូវរបៀបសាមញ្ញ និងធានាសុវត្ថិភាពមួយដើម្បីផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់ពីចម្ងាយអត្តសញ្ញាណ និងបុត្រសម្ព័ន្ធនានារបស់ពួកគេ (ឧទាហរណ៍ ទាហានជើងចាស់ អ្នកឆ្លើយតបដំបូង និងសមាជិកនៃបណ្តាក្រុមដែលបានកំណត់ផ្សេងទៀត) ពីមុន និងបន្ទាប់ពីនោះចែករំលែកអត្តសាញ្ញាណ និងលក្ខណៈពាក់ព័ន្ធរបស់ពួកគេទៅតាមឆន្ទានុសិទ្ធិរបស់ពួកគេ ជាមួយនឹងភាគីនានាដែលពឹងផ្អែកលើការផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់ទាំងនេះ ដោយប្រើប្រាស់ ID.me គណនីមួយ។ លើសពីនេះទៅទៀត អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលបានចុះឈ្មោះ ("សមាជិក") អាចទទួលបានអត្ថប្រយោជន៍ជាក់លាក់ផ្តាច់មុខមួយចំនួន រួមបញ្ចូលទាំងការមិនកម្រិតកំណត់ កិច្ចសន្យាពាណិជ្ជកម្ម ការបញ្ចុះតម្លៃ សាច់ប្រាក់បង្វិលឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ និងឱកាសការងារ និងឱកាសអប់រំនានាដែលបានផ្តល់ជូនដោយអ្នកលក់រាយ អ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្ម និយោជក់ និងអ្នកគ្រប់គ្រងអត្ថប្រយោជន៍។ នៅពេលដែលមានសុពលភាពហើយ ID.me គណនីបម្រើជាអត្តសញ្ញាណឌីជីថលចល័តតែមួយគត់ដែលអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់បន្ទាប់ពីនោះអាចប្រើប្រាស់ដើម្បីបង្កើតគណនីមួយជាមួយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីដែលចូលរួម និងបញ្ចូលព័ត៌មានជាមុនដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិលើគណនីនោះជាមួយនឹងព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ ហើយក្រោយមក ចូលប្រើប្រាស់ទំនិញ សេវាកម្ម រង្វាន់ និង/ ឬអត្ថប្រយោជន៍នានានៃបណ្តាញកាន់តែកាន់តែធំទូលាយនៃបណ្តាគេហទំព័រនានាដែលចូល (រួមមានអ្នកលក់រាយ អ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្ម និយោជក អ្នកគ្រប់គ្រងផលប្រយោជន៍ ។ល។) ។ ជាផ្នែកនៃដំណើរការក្នុងការចុះឈ្មោះ អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់តម្រូវឱ្យដាក់បញ្ជូននូវព័ត៌មានជាក់លាក់ទៅ ID.me ដើម្បីឱ្យយើងអាចផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់អត្តសញ្ញាណរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ ការបញ្ចូលគ្នាជាសាខាក្រុម និងកំណត់ការអនុលោមតាមលក្ខណៈវិនិច្ឆ័យភាពមានសិទ្ធិទទួលបានផ្សេងទៀត។ អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់អាចជ្រើសរើសព័ត៌មានជាក់លាក់ណាមួយ (ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួន និងទម្រង់នៃព័ត៌មានផ្សេងទៀតដែលបានរៀបរាប់កាន់តែលម្អិតនៅខាងក្រោម) ត្រូវបានភ្ជាប់ទៅនឹងគណនី ID.me របស់ពួកគេ ហើយនៅពេលណាក៏បានអាចដកហូតសិទ្ធិចូលទៅប្រើប្រាស់របស់ ID.me ចំពោះព័ត៌មានបែបនេះ។ ក្នុងការធ្វើដូច្នេះ អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់អាចគ្រប់គ្រងថាតើព័ត៌មានទាំងនោះចំនួនប៉ុន្មានដែលត្រូវបានចែករំលែកជាមួយគេហទំព័រផ្សេងទៀតទាក់ទងនឹង ID.me សេវាកម្ម។ ក្នុងករណីជាក់លាក់ខ្លះ ព័ត៌មានកាន់តែច្រើនដែលអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ចែករំលែក នោះការផ្តល់រង្វាន់និងអត្ថប្រយោជន៍មានកាន់តែច្រើនដូចជា កិច្ចសន្យាពាណិជ្ជកម្ម ការបញ្ចុះតម្លៃ សាច់ប្រាក់បង្វិលឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ និងឱកាសការងារ និងឱកាសក្នុងការអប់រំ។អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់អាចមានសិទ្ធិទទួលបានដូចដែលបានពិពណ៌នាបន្ថែមទៀតនៅក្នុងលក្ខខណ្ឌនៃសេវាកម្មរបស់យើង (https: //www.id.me/terms) ។  លើសពីនេះទៅទៀត គេហទំព័រដែលចូលរួមជាក់លាក់នានាអាចតម្រូវឱ្យអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ផ្តល់នូវកម្រិតជាក់លាក់ កម្រិតអប្បបរមានៃព័ត៌មាន និងការសម្រេចចិត្តរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់មិនឱ្យផ្តល់បែបនេះអាចជះឥទ្ធិពលដល់ភាពមានសិទ្ទិទទួលបានរបស់ខ្លួនចំពោះកម្មវត្ថុទំនិញ សេវាកម្ម ឬអត្ថប្រយោជន៍ដែលផ្តល់ជូន។   ដើម្បីជៀសវាងការភាន់ច្រលំណាមួយ អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់គួរយល់ថាខណៈពេលដែលយើងធ្វើជាម្ចាស់ និងដំណើរការសេវាកម្ម និងគេហទំព័រនិងគេហទំព័រជាក់លាក់មួយចំនួនផ្សេងទៀត (ឧទាហរណ៍ TroopSwap.com) យើងមិនបានធ្វើជាម្ចាស់ ឬបានដំណើរការគេហទំព័រដែលបានធ្វើជាម្ចាស់ និងដំណើរការដោយភាគីទីបីដែលមានគេហទំព័រ ID.me សេវាកម្ម (ហៅកាត់ជារួមថាជា "គេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី" ។ គោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះមានគោលបំណងដើម្បីជូនដំណឹងដល់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់នានាអំពីការប្រមូល ការប្រើប្រាស់ ការស្តុកទុក និងការផ្សព្វផ្សាយ ការបំផ្លាញ និងការបោះចោលព័ត៌មានរបស់យើងដែលយើងប្រមូល ឬកត់ត្រាក្នុងដំណើរការនៃការផ្តល់គេហទំព័រ និង ID.me សេវាកម្ម។ សូមចំណាំថាយើងមិនទទួលខុសត្រូវចំពោះការអនុវត្តឯកជនភាពរបស់គេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីទេ ហើយគេហទំព័រទាំងនោះមិនមានកាតព្វកិច្ចអនុវត្តតាមគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះទេ។ មុនពេលចូលមើលគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបី និងមុនពេលផ្តល់ID.me គណនី ឬព័ត៌មានណាមួយផ្សេងទៀតទៅកាន់ភាគីណាមួយដែលដំណើរការ ឬផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនៅលើគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់គួរតែពិនិត្យឡើងវិញនូវគោលការណ៍ភាពឯកជននិងការអនុវត្តរបស់គេហទំព័រនោះដើម្បីកំណត់ពីរបៀបដែលព័ត៌មានត្រូវបានប្រមូលពីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់នឹងត្រូវបានគ្រប់គ្រង។ សូមកត់សម្គាល់បន្ថែមទៀត អាស្រ័យលើអន្តរកម្មពិសេសរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ជាមួយយើង (ឧ. អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលគ្រាន់តែរុករកគេហទំព័រធៀបនឹងអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលបង្កើតគណនី និងប្រើសេវាកម្ម ID.me នៅគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី) ។ ផ្នែកផ្សេងៗគ្នានៃគោលការណ៍នេះអាចអនុវត្តនៅតាមពេលវេលាផ្សេងៗគ្នា។ សូមអានគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះដោយយកចិត្តទុកដាក់។ លុះត្រាតែមានការផ្តល់ជូនដោយច្បាប់ផ្សេងពីនេះ ដោយការចូលប្រើប្រាស់ ឬការប្រើប្រាស់គេហទំព័រ អ្នកទទួលស្គាល់ថាអ្នកបានអាន បានយល់ និងបានយល់ស្របដើម្បីគោរពតាមលក្ខខណ្ឌទាំងអស់នៃគោលការណ៍ឯកជនជន និងលក្ខខណ្ឌប្រើប្រាស់របស់គេហទំព័រ។ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកមិនយល់ព្រមនឹងលក្ខខណ្ឌទាំងនេះទេ សូមកុំចូលប្រើប្រាស់ ឬប្រើប្រាស់សេវាកម្ម ឬគេហទំព័រ។
1. ការផ្លាស់ប្តូរគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាព
ប្រសិនបើយើងសម្រេចចិត្តផ្លាស់ប្តូរគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះយើងនឹងបង្ហោះការផ្លាស់ប្តូរទាំងនោះទៅកាន់ទំព័រនេះដើម្បីឱ្យអ្នកដឹងអំពីព័ត៌មានអ្វីខ្លះដែលយើងប្រមូល អំពីរបៀបដែលយើងប្រើប្រាស់វានិងនៅក្រោមកាលៈទេសៈណាខ្លះ ប្រសិនបើមាន យើងផ្សព្វផ្សាយវា។ យើងរក្សាសិទ្ធិក្នុងការកែប្រែគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះនៅពេលណាមួយ ដូច្នេះសូមពិនិត្យមើលវាជាញឹកញាប់។ ប្រសិនបើយើងធ្វើការកែប្រែព័ត៌មានចំពោះគោលការណ៍នេះ នោះយើងនឹងជូនដំណឹងដល់អ្នកនៅទីនេះ តាមរយៈអ៊ីមែល ឬតាមរយៈមធ្យោបាយនៃការជូនដំណឹងនៅលើទំព័រដើមរបស់យើង។
2. ប្រភេទនានានៃព័ត៌មានដែលបានប្រមូល និងការប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានដែលបានប្រមូល
យើងប្រមូលព័ត៌មានពីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់តាមរបៀបពីរយ៉ាង៖ 
ព័ត៌មានដែលអ្នកផ្តល់ឱ្យយើង។ យើងប្រមូលព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនជាក់លាក់មួយចំនួនដោយការយល់ព្រមរបស់អ្នក។ នៅពេលអ្នកចុះឈ្មោះដើម្បីទទួលបាន ID.me គណនី និងប្រើប្រាស់ ID.me សេវាកម្ម អ្នកនឹងត្រូវបានស្នើសុំឱ្យផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានជាក់លាក់ដើម្បីឱ្យយើងអាចផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់អត្តសញ្ញាណ និងលក្ខណៈអត្តសញ្ញាណរបស់អ្នក រួមបញ្ចូល ក៏ប៉ុន្តែមិនកម្រិតកំណត់ទេចំពោះការបញ្ចូលគ្នាជាសាខាក្រុម (ឧ. យោធា អ្នកឆ្លើយតបដំបូង និស្សិត ទាហានជើងចាស់។ ល។ ) សមាជិកភាព គណនីប្រព័ន្ធផ្សព្វផ្សាយសង្គម កម្រិតសញ្ញាបត្រអប់រំ និងការបញ្ជាក់វិញ្ញាបនបត្រវិជ្ជាជីវៈ។
"ព័ត៌មាន​ផ្ទាល់ខ្លួន" គឺជាព័ត៌មានដែលកំណត់អត្តសញ្ញាណបុគ្គលជាក់លាក់ម្នាក់ ដោយរាប់បញ្ចូលទាំង ដោយគ្មានការដាក់កម្រិតកំណត់ នាមខ្លួន និងនាមត្រកូល អាសយដ្ឋានផ្ញើ អាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីមែល (រួមមាន ដោយគ្មានការកម្រិតកំណត់ អាស័យដ្ឋានអ៊ីម៉ែលខ្លីៗ) លេខទូរសព្ ទលេខសន្តិសុខសង្គមនិងថ្ងៃខែឆ្នាំកំណើត ។
លើសពីនេះទៅទៀត អ្នកនឹងត្រូវបានស្នើសុំឱ្យផ្តល់នូវព័ត៌មាន ឬឯកសារបន្ថែមមួយចំនួនពីអង្គការ និងអាជ្ញាធរចុះបញ្ជី ដូចជាភ្នាក់ងាររដ្ឋាភិបាល បណ្តាញទូរគមនាគមន៍ ការិយាល័យកាតឥណទាន ស្ថាប័នហិរញ្ញវត្ថុ ឬភ្នាក់ងារដែលមានភារកិច្ចស្រដៀងគ្នានេះដែលមានសិទ្ធិចូលប្រើប្រាស់សិទ្ធិតំណាងការបញ្ចូលគ្នាជាសាខាក្រុម កំណត់ត្រាយោធារបស់អ្នក (ដែលក៏អាចមានព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនផងដែរ) លេខសន្តិសុខសង្គមរបស់ប្តីប្រពន្ធ ឬរបស់សមាជិកគ្រួសារជីតរបស់អ្នក សម្ព័ន្ធភាពយោធា កាលបរិច្ឆេទនៃសេវាកាតព្វកិច្ចសកម្ន និងបម្រុង និងព័ត៌មានទាក់ទងនឹងគណនីរបស់អ្នកជាមួយស្ថាប័នហិរញ្ញវត្ថុ។
យើងប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានដែលអ្នកផ្តល់ឱ្យយើងជាផ្នែកមួយនៃ ID.me សេវាកម្ម ដើម្បីផ្តល់សុពលភាពអត្តសញ្ញាណ និងភាពមានសិទ្ធិរបស់អ្នកដើម្បីទទួលបានអត្ថប្រយោជន៍នានា រួមទាំងកិច្ចសន្យាពាណិជ្ជកម្មមួយចំនួន រង្វាន់ជាសាច់ប្រាក់ឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ ការផ្តល់ជូន ឬឱកាសនានាដែលផ្ដល់ដោយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីដែលត្រូវបានកំណត់លក្ខខណ្ឌដោយផ្អែកលើលក្ខខណ្ឌតម្រូវជាក់លាក់នានានៅក្នុងការមានសិទ្ធិ។
ក្រៅពីការប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកដើម្បីផ្តល់ជូន ID.me សេវាកម្ម យើងក៏ប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មាននេះដើម្បីដោះស្រាយបញ្ហា ដោះស្រាយជម្លោះនានា សម្រេចបានជោគជ័យលើកិច្ចការរដ្ឋបាល ដើម្បីទាក់ទងជាមួយអ្នក ដាក់ឱ្យអនុវត្តកិច្ចព្រមព្រៀងនានារបស់យើងជាមួយអ្នក រួមបញ្ចូលទាំងលក្ខខណ្ឌនៃសេវាកម្មរបស់គេហទំព័រ និងគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះ អនុលោមតាម ច្បាប់ដែលអាចអនុវត្តបាន និងសហការជាមួយនឹងសកម្មភាពនានាក្នុងការដាក់ឱ្យអនុវត្តច្បាប់។
លើសពីនេះ យើងប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មាននេះដើម្បីធ្វើសវនកម្មភាពមានសិទ្ធិរបស់អ្នក (ឧ. ការបញ្ចូលគ្នាជាសាខាក្រុម ដូចជាកាតព្វកិច្ចយោធាសកម្ម ឬឋានៈជានិស្សិត) ដើម្បីធ្វើសវនកម្មគណនីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់សម្រាប់ការក្លែងបន្លំដោយ ឧទាហរណ៍ ការផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់ថាការទិញនានាត្រូវបានបញ្ជូនទៅអាសយដ្ឋានអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលបានចុះឈ្មោះ និងដើម្បីទប់ស្កាត់គណនីស្ទួន ID.me ពីការបង្កើតជាមួយនឹងព័ត៌មានដូចគ្នា។ ព័ត៌មានដែលយើងប្រមូលដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិ។ នៅពេលដែលអ្នកចូលមើលគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង ID.me និងអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មភាគីទីបី និងអ្នកផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មដែលមានសិទ្ធិរបស់យើង (រាប់បញ្ចូលទាំងក្រុមហ៊ុននានាដែលផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង ឬនៅក្នុងសម្ភារៈទីផ្សាររបស់យើង ដែលហៅថា "អ្នកផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្ម") ប្រមូលព័ត៌មានដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិ ដូចជាឧបករណ៍ស្វែងរកធនធានមានលក្ខណៈជាឯកសណ្ឋាន (" URL ") នៃគេហទំព័រដែលអ្នកបានចូលមើលនៅមុនពេលចូលទៅកាន់គេហទំព័រ URL នៃគេហទំព័រដែលអ្នកចូលមើលបន្ទាប់ពីចាកចេញពីគេហទំព័រ ប្រភេទនៃកម្មវិធីរុករកតាមអ៊ីនធឺណិតដែលអ្នកកំពុងប្រើប្រាស់ អាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីនធឺណែតប្រូតូកូល (IP) មុខរបរ ភាសា ឧបករណ៍សម្គាល់អត្តសញ្ញាណមានលក្ខណៈពិសេស ទីតាំងភូមិសាស្ត្រ និងល្វែងម៉ោងប្រហាក់ប្រហែល (ជារួម "ព័ត៌មានដែលបានប្រមូលដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិ") ។ ប្រភេទនៃការប្រមូលផ្តុំនេះត្រូវបានធ្វើឡើងតាមរយៈការប្រើប្រាស់ឧបករណ៍អេឡិចត្រូនិចដូចជាខូគី និងកម្មវិធីត្រួតពិនិត្យសកម្មភាពលើអ៊ីនធឺណិត ឬស្លាកភីកសែល ឬសមត្ថភាពផ្អែកលើទីតាំងនៅលើឧបករណ៍ចល័តរបស់អ្នកហើយត្រូវបានពណ៌នាបន្ថែមទៀតនៅក្នុងផ្នែកទី 4 និង 9 ខាងក្រោម។
យើងប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានខាងលើដើម្បីដោះស្រាយបញ្ហា គ្រប់គ្រងគេហទំព័រ វិភាគនិន្នាការ ប្រមូលព័ត៌មានប្រជាសាស្ត្រ គោរពតាមច្បាប់ដែលអនុវត្ត និងសហការជាមួយសកម្មភាពនានាក្នុងកាដាក់ឱ្យអនុវត្តច្បាប់។ យើងក៏ចែករំលែកព័ត៌មាននេះជាមួយអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មភាគីទីបីដែលមានសិទ្ធិអនុញ្ញាត និងអ្នកផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនានាដើម្បីវាស់ប្រសិទ្ធភាពរួមនៃការផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនៅលើអ៊ីនធឺណិត មាតិកា និងការសរសេរកម្មវិធីរបស់យើង។ ក្នុងករណីដែលមានកាលៈទេសៈមានកំណត់ខ្លះ យើងរួមបញ្ចូលព័ត៌មានដែលបានប្រមូលដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិជាមួយនឹងអង្គសម្គាល់ផ្សេងទៀតដែលអាចត្រូវបានកំណត់អត្តសញ្ញាណផ្ទាល់ខ្លួន ដើម្បីបញ្ជាក់ពីអត្តសញ្ញាណរបស់អ្នកដែលជាផ្នែកមួយនៃ ID.me ដំណើរការផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់។ ឧទាហរណ៍យើងអាចបញ្ចូលគ្នាទីតាំងភូមិសាស្រ្តប្រហាក់ប្រហែលដែលបានទទួលពីឧបករណ៍ចល័តរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ម្នាក់ ហើយផ្គូផ្គងវាជាមួយព័ត៌មានអាសយដ្ឋានដែលអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់បានដាក់បញ្ជូនដោយស្ម័គ្រចិត្តទៅគេហទំព័រដើម្បីបញ្ជាក់ពីអត្តសញ្ញាណរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ និងទប់ស្កាត់ការប្រព្រឹត្ដក្លែងបន្លំ។
ដើម្បីបម្រើឱ្យបានល្អប្រសើរដល់សមាជិកនៃកងកម្លាំងប្រដាប់អាវុធអាមេរិក និងបុគ្គលិកផ្សេងទៀតដែលបានទទួលការធានារ៉ាប់រងដោយច្បាប់ជំនួយសង្រ្គោះសមាជិកសេវាកម្មជនស៊ីវិល (SCRA) (50 USC App ។ 501 et ។ seq ។ * *, ID.me ផ្តល់សេវាកម្មទៅឱ្យក្រុមហ៊ុនសេវាកម្មហិរញ្ញវត្ថុ និងគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបីដើម្បីជួយសម្រួលដល់ការអនុវត្តទៅតាមបញ្ញត្តិនានានៃ SCRA របស់ពួកគេ ។ តាមរយៈការចូលរួមជាមួយ ID.me អ្នកយល់ព្រមថា ID.me អាចប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកដើម្បីជួយដល់ក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្តល់សេវាកម្មហិរញ្ញវត្ថុ និងគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីនៅក្នុងការកំណត់ភាពមានសិទ្ធិទទួលបានអត្ថប្រយោជន៍ និងការការពារ SCRA របស់អ្នក ឬរបស់សមាជិកគ្រួសាររបស់អ្នក។ ID.me អាចប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកជាទៀងទាត់ដើម្បីបញ្ជាក់ពីភាពមានសិទ្ធិរបស់អ្នក ឬភាពមានសិទ្ធិរបស់សមាជិកគ្រួសាររបស់អ្នកនៅចំណុចនៃពេលវេលាចុងក្រោយដើម្បីផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានដល់ភាគីទីបីអំពីការផ្លាស់ប្តូរណាមួយចំពោះឋានៈភាពមានសិទ្ធិ SCRA របស់អ្នក។ ប្រភពនៃព័ត៌មាននេះអាចរួមបញ្ចូល ប៉ុន្តែមិនត្រូវបានកម្រិតកំណត់ចំពោះគេហទំព័រដែលមានជាសាធារណៈ ការរៀបចំឯកសាររូបវ័ន្ត ព័ត៌មានហិរញ្ញវត្ថុ បណ្ទាញរបស់ ID.me ឬភាគីទីបីដែលមានទំនាក់ទំនងកិច្ចសន្យាជាមួយ ID.me ។
* វិសាលភាពនៃសេវាកម្ម SCRA របស់ ID.me រួមបញ្ចូលទាំងបុគ្គលទាំងអស់ដែលត្រូវបានការពារដោយ SCRA (រួមបញ្ចូល ឧទាហរណ៍ កងទ័ពសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិក កងទ័ពអាកាស កងឆ្មាំឆ្នេរសមុទ្រ កងម៉ារីន និងសមាជិកបម្រើកងទ័ពជើងទឹកដែលស្ថិតនៅក្នុងកាតព្វកិច្ចសកម្ម (និងក្នុងរយៈពេលជាក់លាក់មួយបន្ទាប់ពីការបញ្ចប់កាតព្វកិច្ច) រួមទាំងអ្នកបម្រុងទុក សមាជិកនៃឆ្មាំជាតិ និងឆ្មាំជាតិអាកាសដែលត្រូវបានធ្វើសកម្មភាពដើម្បីបំពេញកាតព្វកិច្ចនិងមន្រ្តីបម្រើយ៉ាងសកម្មនៃសេវាកម្មសុខភាពសាធារណៈ និងរដ្ឋបាលគ្រប់គ្រងមហាសមុទ្រ និងបរិយាកាសថ្នាក់ជាតិ ហើយដែលអនុវត្តទៅតាមច្បាប់សហព័ន្ធ ឬច្បាប់រដ្ឋ និងបទបញ្ញត្តិនានា អ្នកនៅក្នុងបន្ទុក និងសមាជិកគ្រួសាររបស់បុគ្គលដែលត្រូវបានការពារក្រោម SCRA) ។
3. ការបញ្ចេញព័ត៌មានដែលបានផ្តល់ដោយអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់
យើងនឹងមិនចែករំលែក លក់ ឬធ្វើពាណិជ្ជកម្មព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកជាមួយភាគីនានាផ្សេងទៀត លើកលែងតែដើម្បីផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់អត្តសញ្ញាណ និងភាពមានសិទ្ធិរបស់អ្នកសម្រាប់កម្មវិធី និងអត្ថប្រយោជន៍នានាដែលបានកំណត់ ឬនៅពេលការទទួលបានការយល់ព្រមរបស់អ្នកដូចដែលបានផ្តល់ជូនដូចខាងក្រោម៖ 
យើងនឹងចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកជាមួយអង្គភាពនានាដែលចាំបាច់ដើម្បីផ្តល់សុពលភាពដល់គណនី ID.me របស់អ្នក ហើយផ្តល់នូវ ID.me សេវាកម្មដល់អ្នក។
ដើម្បីផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់អត្តសញ្ញាណ និងភាពមានសិទ្ធិដើម្បីទទួលបានការបញ្ចុះតម្លៃ សាច់ប្រាក់បង្វិលឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ និងអត្ថប្រយោជន៍នានាផ្សេងទៀតពីពាណិជ្ជករ និងអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មផ្សេងទៀត យើងនឹងផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកទៅកាន់ភាគីទីបីដូចជាទីភ្នាក់ងាររដ្ឋាភិបាល បណ្តាញទូរគមនាគមន៍ ស្ថាប័នហិរញ្ញវត្ថុ ឬប្រភពនៃព័ត៌មានដែលទុកចិត្ត និងគួរឱ្យទុកចិត្តផ្សេងទៀត។ ការផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកដល់ភាគីនានានាពេលខាងមុខគឺមានតែដើម្បីផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់អត្តសញ្ញាណ និងភាពមានសិទ្ធិរបស់អ្នកសម្រាប់ ID.me សេវាកម្ម។ យើងបានបង្កើតទំនាក់ទំនង និងពិធីការនានាជាមួយអាជ្ញាធរចុះបញ្ជីដែលបានទទួលស្គាល់ ដូចជាអង្គភាពនានាដែលបានពិពណ៌នាខាងលើ ("អាជ្ញាធរចុះបញ្ជី") ដូច្នេះរាល់ការបញ្ជូនព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដែលអ្នកផ្តល់ឱ្យយើងនឹងត្រូវបានអនុវត្តដោយប្រើប្រាស់ឧបករណ៍ការបំប្លែងស្តង់ដារឧស្សាហកម្មដែលបានរចនាឡើងដើម្បីការពារព័ត៌មានបែបនេះពីការចូលប្រើប្រាស់ដោយគ្មានការអនុញ្ញាត។
តាមរយៈការផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនណាមួយដល់យើង អ្នកអនុញ្ញាតសិទ្ធិ ID.me ដើម្បីផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានបែបនេះដល់អាជ្ញាធរចុះបញ្ជី និងអង្គភាពដែលជឿទុកចិត្តនានាផ្សេងទៀតដើម្បីផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់អត្តសញ្ញាណ និងភាពមានសិទ្ធិដើម្បីទទួលបានការបញ្ចុះតម្លៃ សាច់ប្រាក់បង្វិលឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ និងអត្ថប្រយោជន៍នានា។
យើងនឹងចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនជាក់លាក់មួយចំនួនដែលទាក់ទងនឹងគណនី ID.me របស់អ្នក (រាប់បញ្ចូលទាំងកម្មវិធីផ្តល់ជាសាច់ប្រាក់ឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញជាមួយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីដែលអ្នកផ្តល់ការអនុញ្ញាតឱ្យយើងធ្វើដូច្នោះ។  អ្នកផ្តល់ឱ្យយើងនូវការអនុញ្ញាតនេះដោយចុះឈ្មោះជាមួយគេហទំព័រនិងការប្រើប្រាស់គណនី ID.me របស់អ្នកដើម្បីចូលប្រើប្រាស់ ចុះឈ្មោះជាមួយ ជាវសម្រាប់ និងប្រើប្រាស់ផ្សេងពីនេះនូវគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបី។ យើងមិនចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកជាមួយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីដែលមិនមានការអនុញ្ញាតពីអ្នកទេ។ ទោះជាយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយសូមកត់សម្គាល់ថាដោយការប្រើប្រាស់គណនី ID.me របស់អ្នកនៅគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី នោះអ្នកកំពុងអនុញ្ញាតផ្តល់សិទ្ធច្បាស់លាស់ឱ្យយើងចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនជាក់លាក់ដែលទាក់ទងនឹងគណនី  ID.me របស់អ្នកជាមួយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីបែបនេះ។
សេវាកម្ម ID.me មានគោលបំណងដើម្បីអនុញ្ញាតឱ្យអ្នកបង្កើតសមាជិកភាព ឬកម្រងព័ត៌មានជាមួយគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបី និងចូលរួមក្នុងប្រតិបតិ្តការជាមួយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីតាមរយៈការផ្ទេរព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិដែលបានភ្ជាប់ទៅគណនី ID.me របស់អ្នក។ ការផ្ទេរព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួននេះ គឺចាំបាច់ដើម្បីផ្ទៀងផ្ទាត់ពីភាពមានសិទ្ធិដើម្បីទទួលបានអត្ថប្រយោជន៍ ឬការបញ្ចុះតម្លៃនានាពីអង្គការផ្សេងៗ និងដើម្បីធ្វើទំនាក់ទំនងទៅគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីអំពីភាពមានសិទ្ធិបែបនេះ។ ព័ត៌មានដែល ID.me ចែករំលែកជាមួយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីនឹងត្រូវបានកម្រិតកំណត់ចំពោះព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដែល ID.me តាមឆន្ទានុសិទ្ធិតែមួយគត់របស់ខ្លួន ដែលចាត់ទុកថាចាំបាច់ដើម្បីបំពេញបញ្ចប់ប្រតិបត្តិការនានាដែលបានពិពណ៌នានៅទីនេះ។ អ្នកនឹងមានឱកាសដើម្បីពិនិត្យឡើងវិញនូវព័ត៌មានដែលត្រូវការដើម្បីបំពេញបញ្ចប់ប្រតិបត្តិការមួយនៅមុនពេលដែលព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកត្រូវបានផ្សព្វផ្សាយទៅគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី។ ដោយគ្មានការអនុញ្ញាតច្បាស់លាស់របស់អ្នក ID.me នឹងមិនផ្តល់ឱ្យគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបីចូលប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានណាមួយដែលទាក់ទងនឹងគណនី ID.me របស់អ្នកទេ។ នៅក្នុងការប្រើប្រាស់ ID.me សេវាកម្ម អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់មានលទ្ធភាពដើម្បីត្រួតពិនិត្យមើលថាគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីណាមួយដែលត្រូវបានផ្តល់ឱ្យដោយមានព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់ពួកគេ។ យើងនឹងមិនចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ជាមួយគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបីទេ លុះត្រាតែអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់អនុញ្ញាតសិទ្ធិលើការចែករំលែកបែបនេះ តាមរយៈការប្រើប្រាស់គណនី ID.me របស់ខ្លួនដើម្បីចុះឈ្មោះជាមួយគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបី ឬដើម្បីអនុញ្ញាតសិទ្ធិឱ្យគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបីអាចចូលប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានរបស់គាត់បាន។
យើងចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកជាមួយអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មភាគីទីបីដែលបានអនុញ្ញាតសិទ្ធិ។
យើងផ្តល់ជូននូវសេវាកម្ម និងផលិតផលជាក់លាក់មួយចំនួននៃគេហទំព័រតាមរយៈអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មរបស់ភាគីទីបី។ អ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មទាំងនេះបំពេញមុខងារក្នុងនាមរបស់យើង ដូចជាការផ្ញើចេញ និងការចែកចាយអ៊ីមែលរដ្ឋបាល និងអ៊ីមែលផ្សព្វផ្សាយរបស់យើង។ យើងអាចចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកជាមួយអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មបែបនេះដើម្បីដកយកចេញព័ត៌មានច្រំដែលនៅលើបញ្ជីអតិថិជន វិភាគទិន្នន័យ ផ្តល់ជំនួយទីផ្សារ ផ្តល់លទ្ធផលក្នុងការស្វែងរក និងតំណនានា ដំណើរការទូទាត់កាតឥណទាន ប្រតិបត្តិការគេហទំព័រ ដោះស្រាយបញ្ហា និងផ្តល់សេវាកម្មដល់អតិថិជន។ យើងក៏អាចប្រមូលព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនពីបុគ្គល និងក្រុមហ៊ុននានាដែលយើងមានទំនាក់ទំនងតាមកិច្ចសន្យាអាជីវកម្ម ("សាខាក្រុមហ៊ុន") ។ ទោះជាយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយ យើងមិនផ្តល់ឱ្យអង្គភាពទាំងនេះនូវសិទ្ធិណាមួយដើម្បីប្រើប្រាស់ ហើយរិតត្បិតពួកគេពីការប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានណាមួយសម្រាប់គោលបំណងណាមួយ ក្រៅពីការផ្តល់សេវាកម្មដល់យើងនិងដល់អ្នក។
ព័ត៌មានក្នុងការផ្ទេរអាជីវកម្ម។
ដូចជាមួយអាជីវកម្មផ្សេងទៀតដែរ យើងអាចបញ្ចូលគ្នា ឬត្រូវបានទិញដោយក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សេងទៀត ឬយើងអាចដាក់ពាក្យសុំការពារនៅក្រោមច្បាប់ក្ស័យធនដែលអាចអនុវត្តបាននាពេលអនាគត។ នៅក្នុងព្រឹត្តិការណ៍បែបនេះ ព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលបានទទួលនិងបានថែរក្សាដោយ Id.me រួមទាំងព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួននឹងត្រូវផ្ទេរទៅឱ្យអង្គភាពស្នងតំណែងដែលពាក់ព័ន្ធនឹងការបញ្ចូលសាជីវកម្ម ការរួមបញ្ចូលគ្នា ការលក់ទ្រព្យសកម្ម ការក្ស័យធនឬការផ្លាស់ប្តូរសាជីវកម្មផ្សេងទៀត។ ព័ត៌មានអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលបានដាក់បញ្ជូននៅមុនពេលការផ្ទេរបែបនេះណាមួយនឹងនៅតែអាស្រ័យទៅតាមលក្ខខណ្ឌនានានៃគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះ (ដូចដែលវាមាននៅលើកាលបរិច្ឆេទនៃការដាក់បញ្ជូន) ។ ទោះជាយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយ ព័ត៌មានអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលបានដាក់បញ្ជូនបន្ទាប់ពីការផ្ទេរទៅអង្គភាពស្នងតំណែងមួយអាចអាស្រ័យទៅតាមគោលការណ៍ភាពឯកជនថ្មីដែលបានអនុម័តដោយអង្គភាពស្នងតំណែង។
យើងអាចចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកសម្រាប់ការការពាររបស់យើង និងការការពារអ្នកដទៃ។
យើងខ្ញុំសូមរក្សាសិទ្ធិក្នុងការផ្សព្វផ្សាយត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកទៅតាមច្បាប់តម្រូវ ហើយនៅពេលយើងជឿជាក់ថាការផ្សព្វផ្សាយគឺជាការចាំបាច់ដើម្បីការពារសិទិ្ធរបស់យើងនិង / ឬគោរពតាមចំណាត់ការតុលាការ ដីកាតុលាការ ឬដំណើរការផ្លូវច្បាប់ដែលមាននៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង។ ដាក់ឱ្យអនុវត្ត ឬអនុវត្តគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះ លក្ខខណ្ឌនៃសេវាកម្មគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង ឬកិច្ចព្រមព្រៀងផ្សេងទៀត ឬស៊ើបអង្កេត ទប់ស្កាត់ ឬចាត់វិធានការលើសកម្មភាពនានាដែលសង្ស័យ ឬសកម្មភាពជាក់ស្តែងនានាដែលហាមឃាត់ រួមបញ្ចូល ក៏ប៉ុន្តែមិនកម្រិតកំណត់ចំពោះការក្លែងបន្លំ និងស្ថានភាពដែលពាក់ព័ន្ធនឹងការគំរាមកំហែងមានសក្តានុពលដល់សុវត្ថិភាពរាងកាយរបស់បុគ្គលណាម្នាក់ឬដើម្បីទប់ស្កាត់ការខាតបង់ផ្នែកហិរញ្ញវត្ថុចំពោះបុគ្គល ឬអង្គភាពណាមួយ ឬផ្សេងពីនេះដើម្បីការពារសិទ្ធិ ទ្រព្យសម្បត្តិ ឬសុវត្ថិភាពនៃគេហទំព័រអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់របស់ខ្លួន ឬអ្នកដទៃ។
4. ផ្សព្វផ្សាយនៃពត៌មានផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្ម
យើងអាចផ្សព្វផ្សាយ ឬចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានមិនមែនផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនជាមួយនឹងអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មនិងសាខាក្រុមហ៊ុននានា។ ឧទាហរណ៍ យើងអាចចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានប្រជាសាស្ត្រសរុប (ដែលមិនរាប់បញ្ចូលព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនណាមួយ) ជាមួយអ្នកផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្ម ឬក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្ម (ក្រុមហ៊ុនដែលជួយយើងផ្តល់់ការផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មរបស់យើង ឬ "ក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនានា") និងភាគីផ្សេងទៀតដូចដែលបានផ្តល់ជូនខាងក្រោម៖ 
យើងអាចប្រើប្រាស់ក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មដើម្បីបម្រើការផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនៅពេលអ្នកចូលមើលគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង ឬជាផ្នែកនៃសារធ្វើទីផ្សាររបស់យើង។ ក្រុមហ៊ុនទាំងនេះអាចប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានអំពីការចូលមើលរបស់អ្នកទៅកាន់គេហទំព័រនេះ និងគេហទំព័រដទៃទៀតដើម្បីផ្តល់តាមរយៈការប្រើប្រាស់ស្លាកបណ្តាញ ការផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនានាអំពីទំនិញ និងសេវាកម្មទាំងឡាយដែលអ្នកចាប់អារម្មណ៍។ ក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មមួយចំនួនអាចជាបណ្ដាញផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មដែលជាសមាជិកនៃបណ្តាញគំនិតផ្តួចផ្តើមផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្ម  ("NAI") ឬសម្ព័ន្ធភាពផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មឌីជីថល (DAA) ។ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកចង់បានព័ត៌មានបន្ថែមទៀតអំពីបណ្តាញទាំងនេះ ឬចង់ឈប់ពាក់ព័ន្ធនឹងការផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មដែលបានកំណត់គោលដៅពីក្រុមហ៊ុនជាសមាជិករបស់ពួកគេ សូមមើល និងចុចនៅទីនេះ៖ http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp ឬចុចលើ រូបតំណាង YouAdChoices ។ យើងក៏ប្រើប្រាស់អ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មដើម្បីតាមដាន និងវិភាគការប្រើប្រាស់ដែលមិនកំណត់អត្តសញ្ញាណ និងបរិមាណព័ត៌មានស្ថិតិពីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់របស់យើងដើម្បីគ្រប់គ្រងគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង និងកែលម្អគុណភាពរបស់គេហទំព័រដោយឥតឈប់ឈរ។ យើងក៏អាចបោះពុម្ពផ្សាយព័ត៌មាននេះសម្រាប់គោលបំណងផ្សព្វផ្សាយឬជាទស្សនិកជនដែលតំណាងសម្រាប់អ្នកផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនានា។ សូមចំណាំថានេះមិនមែនជាព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដែលបានកំណត់ខាងលើទេ គ្រាន់តែជាសេចក្ដីសង្ខេបទូទៅនៃសកម្មភាពរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់របស់យើងតែប៉ុណ្ណោះ។ ទិន្នន័យបែបនេះត្រូវបានប្រមូលក្នុងនាមរបស់យើង ហើយត្រូវបានធ្វើជាម្ចាស់ផ្ទាល់ និងត្រូវបានប្រើប្រាស់ដោយយើង។
5. ការធ្វើបច្ចុប្បន្នភាព និងការកែតម្រូវព័ត៌មាន
យើងជឿជាក់ថាអ្នកគួរតែមានលទ្ធភាពដើម្បីចូលប្រើប្រាស់និងកែសម្រួលព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដែលអ្នកផ្តល់ឱ្យយើង។ អ្នកអាចផ្លាស់ប្តូរព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកណាមួយដោយចូលទៅក្នុងគណនីរបស់អ្នក និងចូលទៅកាន់ផ្នែក "គណនីរបស់ខ្ញុំ" នៃគេហទំព័រ។ អ្នកអាចធ្វើបច្ចុប្បន្នភាពពត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកដោយផ្ញើអ៊ីមែលមកយើងតាមអ៊ីម៉ែល help@id.me ឬសរសេរមកយើងតាមលេខ 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102 ។ សូមចង្អុលបង្ហាញឈ្មោះ អាសយដ្ឋាន និងអាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីមែលរបស់អ្នកនិងព័ត៌មានអ្វីខ្លះដែលអ្នកចង់ធ្វើបច្ចុប្បន្នភាពនៅពេលអ្នកទាក់ទងមកយើង។
យើងលើកទឹកចិត្តឱ្យអ្នកធ្វើបច្ចុប្បន្នភាពព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកភ្លាមៗ ប្រសិនបើពួកគេផ្លាស់ប្តូរ។ អ្នកអាចស្នើសុំឱ្យមានព័ត៌មាននៅលើគណនីរបស់អ្នកដែលត្រូវបានលុបចោល ឬដកយកចេញ។ ទោះជាយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយយើងអាចរក្សាទុកព័ត៌មានជាក់លាក់ ប្រសិនបើតម្រូវដោយច្បាប់។ លើសពីនេះទៅទៀត យើងមិនអាចលុបចោលទាំងស្រុងនូវព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកបានទេដោយសារតែដំណើរការបម្រុងទុករបស់យើង ប៉ុន្តែយើងនឹងប្រើប្រាស់កិច្ចខិតខំប្រឹងប្រែងសមហេតុផលមានលក្ខណៈពាណិជ្ជកម្មដើម្បីការពារការបម្រុងទុកបែបនេះរហូតដល់យើងអាចបំផ្លាញចោលព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកបាន។
6. ការការពារនិងការបំផ្លាញព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួន
យើងនឹងមិនរក្សាទុកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនណាមួយរបស់អ្នកលើសពីតម្រូវការនោទេ។
ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួននឹងត្រូវរក្សាទុករហូតដល់យើងបានបំពេញកាតព្វកិច្ចតាមផ្លូវច្បាប់ កាតព្វកិច្ចតាមកិច្ចសន្យា និងកាតព្វកិច្ចតាមគោលការណ៍។  បច្ចុប្បន្ននេះដើម្បីបំពេញកាតព្វកិច្ចទាំងនេះ គោលការណ៍ក្នុងការរក្សាទុករបស់យើង គឺរយៈពេលនៃគណនីរបស់អ្នកជាមួយនឹង ID.me ការបូកបញ្ចូលប្រាំឆ្នាំ។  ក្នុងករណីដែលសេវាកម្មរបស់ ID.me មិនមានទៀតទេ ID.me នឹងធ្វើកិច្ចខិតខំប្រឹងប្រែងសមហេតុផលមានលក្ខណៈពាណិជ្ជកម្មនៅក្នុងអំណាចរបស់ខ្លួនដើម្បីការពារ និង / ឬបំផ្លាញចោលដោយសុវត្ថិភាពនូវព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកស្របតាមច្បាប់ដែលអាចអនុវត្ត។
ខណៈពេលដែលយើងកាន់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក យើងប្រើប្រាស់វិធីសាស្ត្របំប្លែងកូដដែលបានទទួលស្គាល់ដោយឧស្សាហកម្មដែលត្រូវបានទទួលស្គាល់ដើម្បីការពារវាពីការចូលប្រើប្រាស់ដោយគ្មានការអនុញ្ញាត។  ដូចគ្នានេះដែរនៅពេលយើងបំផ្លាញចោលព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក យើងប្រើប្រាស់វិធីសាស្ត្រដែលទទួលស្គាល់ដោយឧស្សាហកម្មដើម្បីធ្វើឱ្យមានប្រសិទ្ធភាពដល់ការបំផ្លាញបែបនេះ។
7. ជម្រើសរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ស្តីពីការប្រមូល និងការប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មាន
ការសម្រេចចិត្តដើម្បីចែករំលែកចំណុចជាក់លាក់នានានៃព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកជាមួយសេវាកម្ម ID.me (ហើយបើអាចអនុវត្តបានជាមួយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី) គឺជារបស់អ្នក និងជារបស់អ្នកតែម្នាក់ឯង។ អ្នកអាចជ្រើសរើសដើម្បីផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានទាំងអស់ ឬគ្រាន់តែព័ត៌មានមួយចំនួនដែលបានស្នើសុំតាមរយៈគេហទំព័រនៅក្នុងកំឡុងពេលដំណើរការចុះឈ្មោះ ហើយនៅពេលណាមួយ អ្នកអាចសម្រេចចិត្តដកចេញនូវព័ត៌មានមួយចំនួនដែលអ្នកបានផ្តល់ពីមុន។ ទោះយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយប្រសិនបើអ្នកបដិសេធមិនផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានណាមួយខាងលើ អ្នកប្រហែលជាមិនអាចចុះឈ្មោះសម្រាប់ ID.me គណនី ឬដើម្បីទទួលបានអត្ថប្រយោជន៍ជាក់លាក់មួយចំនួននៃសេវាកម្ម ID.me (រួមទាំងកិច្ចសន្យាពាណិជ្ជកម្ម រង្វាន់ជាសាច់ប្រាកឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ ការផ្ល់ជូន ឬឱកាសជាក់លាក់នានាដែលបានផ្ដល់ដោយគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី ដែលត្រូវបានកំណត់លក្ខខណ្ឌផ្អែកលើលក្ខខណ្ឌតម្រូវជាក់លាក់នានាក្នុងការមានសិទ្ធិ) ។
 លើកលែងតែបានផ្តល់ជូនក្រៅពីនេះដែលមាននៅទីនេះប្រសិនបើអ្នកចុះឈ្មោះប្រើប្រាស់គណនីមួយ ឬក៏ចូលទៅក្នុង ID.me សេវាកម្ម រួមទាំង ID.me Marketplace អ្នកត្រូវបានយល់ព្រមយ៉ាងជាក់ច្បាស់ក្នុងការទទួលអ៊ីមែល (ដែលមានឈ្មោះថា អ៊ីមែលរដ្ឋបាល និងអ៊ីមែលផ្សព្វផ្សាយ ដែលបានកំណត់ដូចខាងក្រោម) ពីយើង តាមអាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីមែលដែលបានផ្តល់ដោយអ្នក។  ទោះជាយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយយើងនឹងមិនផ្ញើអ៊ីមែលផ្សព្វផ្សាយដល់អ្នកទេ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកបានចុះឈ្មោះតាមរយៈគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបី លុះត្រាតែអ្នកយល់ព្រមច្បាស់លាស់ដើម្បីទទួលយកអ៊ីមែលលបែបនេះ ឬអ្នកចុះឈ្មោះដោយឡែក ឬចូលក្នុងនាមជាអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ម្នាក់នៃ ID.me សេវាកម្ម រួមមាន ID.me Marketplace ។
"អ៊ីមែលរដ្ឋបាល" ពាក់ព័ន្ធនឹងសកម្មភាពរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ជាមួយ ID.me សេវាកម្ម និងរួមបញ្ចូលនូវអ៊ីមែលនានាដែលទាក់ទងនឹងគណនីរបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ ស្នើសុំ ឬសាកសួរដោយអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ម្នាក់ សាច់ប្រាក់បង្វិលឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ និងការទិញផលិតផល និងសេវាកម្មនានា។ "អ៊ីមែលលផ្សព្វផ្សាយ"  ផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មផលិតផល និងសេវាកម្មនានារបស់យើង រួមទាំងការលក់ និងការផ្តល់ជូនពិសេសនានាផ្សេងទៀតដោយគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបីដូចជាការផ្សព្វផ្សាយសាច់ប្រាក់បង្វិលឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ ឱកាសការងារ និងឱកាសសិក្សានិង / ឬផលិតផល និងសេវាកម្មនានានៃគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបីរបស់យើង អ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មភាគីទីបី និងសខាក្រុមហ៊ុននានា។
អ្នកមិនអាចឈប់ពាក់ព័ន្ធជាមួយនឹងអ៊ីមែលរដ្ឋបាលបានទេ។  ទោះជាយ៉ាងណាក៏ដោយអ្នកមានលទ្ធភាពឈប់ពាក់ព័ន្ធពីការទទួលអ៊ីមែលផ្សព្វផ្សាយ។
ប្រសិនបើអ្នកចង់ឈប់ពាក់ព័ន្ធក្នុងការទទួលអ៊ីមែលផ្សព្វផ្សាយពីយើង អ្នកត្រូវផ្ញើអ៊ីមែលមកយើងតាមអ៊ីមែល feedback@id.me សរសេរមកកាន់យើងតាមអាសយដ្ឋានដែលមាននៅទីនេះ ឬចុចប៊ូតុង "ឈប់ជាវ" នៅផ្នែកខាងក្រោមនៃអ៊ីមែលរបស់យើង និងបំពេញបញ្ចប់ជំហានបន្ថែមនានាដែលតម្រូវឱ្យឆ្លើយតបនៅទីនោះ។ នៅពេលទាក់ទងមកយើង សូមចង្អុលបង្ហាញឈ្មោះ អាសយដ្ឋានអាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីមែលរបស់អ្នក និងចង្អុលបង្ហាញថាតើអ្នកលែងចង់ទទួលអ៊ីមែលលផ្សព្វផ្សាយទាំងអស់ ឬអ៊ីមែលផ្សព្វផ្សាយជាក់លាក់មួយចំនួន។
8. សុវត្ថិភាពនៃព័ត៌មាន
យើងយកចិត្តទុកដាក់លើសុវត្ថិភាព និងយកចិត្តទុកដាក់ទុកជាមុនជាច្រើនដើម្បីការពារសុវត្ថិភាពព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួន។ អ្នកអាចចូលប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកនៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើងតាមរយៈពាក្យសម្ងាត់ និងអាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីមែលរបស់អ្នក។ ពាក្យសម្ងាត់នេះគឺតឹរឹង (ដូច្នេះវាមិនអាចទាញយកបានទេ ប៉ុន្តែនៅតែមានលក្ខណៈពិសេសតែមួយគត់) ។ យើងផ្ដល់យោបល់ឱ្យអ្នកកុំចែករំលែកពាក្យសម្ងាត់របស់អ្នកជាមួយនរណាម្នាក់។ លើសពីនេះព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកស្ថិតនៅលើម៉ាស៊ីនមេដែលសុវត្ថិភាពដែលមានតែបុគ្គលិក និងអ្នកជាប់កិច្ចសន្យាតែប៉ុណ្ណោះដែលអាចចូលប្រើប្រាស់បាន។   ជាអកុសល គ្មានការបញ្ជូនទិន្នន័យនៅលើអ៊ិនធឺណិត ឬបណ្តាញឥតខ្សែណាមួយអាចត្រូវបានធានាឱ្យមានសុវត្ថិភាព 100% ទេ។ ជាលទ្ធផលនៅពេលដែលយើងប្រើប្រាស់វិធានការសុវត្ថិភាពមានសមហេតុផលមានលក្ខណៈពាណិជ្ជកម្មដើម្បីការពារទិន្នន័យ និងស្វែងរកដៃគូជាមួយអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មដែលធ្វើដូចគ្នានេះ យើងមិនអាចធានានូវសុវត្ថិភាពនៃព័ត៌មានណាមួយដែលបានបញ្ជូនទៅ ឬមកពីគេហទំព័រ និងមិនទទួលខុសត្រូវចំពោះសកម្មភាពនានារបស់ភាគីទីបីណាមួយដែលអាចទទួលព័ត៌មានបែបនេះបានឡើយ។
9. ការតាមដានទិន្នន័យ
ខូគី។
ដើម្បីសម្របសម្រួល និងធ្វើឱ្យត្រូវតាមបទពិសោធន៍ផ្ទាល់របស់អ្នកជាមួយនឹងគេហទំព័រ យើងស្តុកទុខូគីនៅលើកុំព្យូទ័ររបស់អ្នក។ ខូគី គឺជាឯកសារអត្ថបទតូចមួយដែលត្រូវបានស្តុកទុកនៅលើកុំព្យូទ័ររបស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់សម្រាប់គោលបំណងរក្សាទុកកំណត់ត្រាដែលមានព័ត៌មានអំពីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់នោះ។ យើងប្រើប្រាស់ខូគីដើម្បីជួយសន្សំសំចៃពេលវេលារបស់អ្នកនៅពេលកំពុងប្រើប្រាស់គេហទំព័រ រំលឹកយើងថាអ្នកជានរណា គ្រប់គ្រងសាច់ប្រាក់បង្វិលឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញ និងតាមដាន និងកំណត់គោលដៅផលប្រយោជន៍របស់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដើម្បីផ្តល់នូវបទពិសោធន៍ផ្ទាល់ខ្លួន។ ខូគីក៏អនុញ្ញាតឱ្យយើងប្រមូលព័ត៌មានមិនផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនពីអ្នក ដូចជាទំព័រមួយណាដែលអ្នកបានចូលមើល និងតំណអ្វីខ្លះដែលអ្នកបានចុចលើ។ ការប្រើប្រាស់ពត៌មាននេះជួយយើងក្នុងការបង្កើតបទពិសោធដែលងាយស្រួលជាងមុនសម្រាប់អ្នកចូលមើលគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង។ លើសពីនេះយើងអាចប្រើប្រាស់ក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មដើម្បីបង្ហាញការផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្មនានានៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង។ ជាផ្នែកមួយនៃសេវាកម្មរបស់ពួកគេ ពួកគេអាចដាក់ខូគីដាច់ដោយឡែកនៅលើកុំព្យូទ័ររបស់អ្នក។ យើងមិនមានសិទ្ធិចូលប្រើប្រាស់ ឬគ្រប់គ្រងលើខូគីទាំងនេះទេ។ គោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះគ្របដណ្តប់លើការប្រើប្រាស់ខូគីតាមគេហទំព័រតែប៉ុណ្ណោះ ហើយមិនគ្របដណ្តប់ការប្រើប្រាស់ខូគីតាមគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី អ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្ម ឬសាខាក្រុមហ៊ុនណាមួយឡើយ។ កម្មវិធីរុករកតាមអ៊ីនធឺណិតភាគច្រើនទទួលយកខូគីដោយស្វ័យប្រវត្តិក៏ប៉ុន្តែអ្នកប្រហែលជាអាចកែប្រែការកំណត់កម្មវិធីរុករកតាមអ៊ីនធឺណិតរបស់អ្នកដើម្បីបដិសេធខូគីបាន។ សូមចំណាំថាប្រសិនបើអ្នកបដិសេធ ឬលុបចោលខូគីទាំងនេះ នោះផ្នែកមួយចំនួននៃគេហទំព័រ រួមទាំងកម្មវិធីផ្តល់ជាសាច់ប្រាក់ឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញរបស់យើងអាចមិនដំណើរការបានត្រឹមត្រូវ។  សម្រាប់ព័ត៌មានបន្ថែមទៀតទាក់ទងនឹងការប្រើប្រាស់ខូគីរបស់យើងនៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើងសូមមើលគោលការណ៍ខូគីរបស់យើង នៅទីនេះ ។
ឧបករណ៍តាមដាននានាផ្សេងទៀត។
យើងអាចប្រើប្រាស់បច្ចេកវិទ្យាស្ដង់ដារឧស្សាហកម្មផ្សេងទៀតដូចជាស្លាកភីកសែល និងកម្មវិធីត្រួតពិនិត្យសកម្មភាពលើអ៊ីនធឺណិតដើម្បីតាមដានការប្រើប្រាស់គេហទំព័ររបស់អ្នកនិងការផ្សព្វផ្សាយនានា ឬយើងអាចអនុញ្ញាតឱ្យអ្នកផ្តល់សេវាកម្មរបស់យើងប្រើប្រាស់ឧបករណ៍ទាំងនេះក្នុងនាមរបស់យើង។ ស្លាកសញ្ញាភីកសែល និងកម្មវិធីត្រួតពិនិត្យសកម្មភាពលើអ៊ីនធឺណិតគឺជារូបភាពក្រាហ្វិកដ៏តូចដែលបានដាក់នៅលើទំព័រជាក់លាក់នៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើង ឬនៅក្នុងអ៊ីមែលរបស់យើងដែលអនុញ្ញាតឱ្យយើងកំណត់ថាតើអ្នកបានអនុវត្តសកម្មភាពជាក់លាក់ណាមួយ។ នៅពេលអ្នកចូលប្រើប្រាស់ទំព័រទាំងនេះ ឬបើក ឬចុចលើអ៊ីមែលស្លាកភីកសែល និងកម្មវិធីត្រួតពិនិត្យសកម្មភាពលើអ៊ីនធឺណិតបង្កើតកំណត់សម្គាល់នៃសកម្មភាពនោះ។ ស្លាកភីកសែលអនុញ្ញាតឱ្យយើងវាស់វែង និងកែលម្អការយល់ដឹងរបស់យើងអំពីចរាចរណ៍ និងអាកប្បកិរិយារបស់អ្នកចូលមើលនៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើងក៏ដូចជាផ្តល់ឱ្យយើងនូវមធ្យោបាយដើម្បីវាស់វែងការផ្សព្វផ្សាយ និងការបំពេញការងាររបស់យើង។ យើងក៏អាចប្រើស្លាកភីកសែល និងកម្មវិធីត្រួតពិនិត្យសកម្មភាពលើអ៊ីធឺណិតដែលផ្តល់ដោយសាខាក្រុមហ៊ុន និង / ឬដៃគូធ្វើទីផ្សាររបស់យើងសម្រាប់គោលបំណងដូចគ្នានេះ។ គេហទំព័របច្ចុប្បន្នមិនត្រូវបានកំណត់រចនាសម្ព័ន្ធដើម្បីឆ្លើយតបទៅនឹង DNT ឬ សញ្ញា "កុំតាមដាន" ពីកម្មវិធីរុករកគេហទំព័រតាមអ៊ីនធឺណិត។
10. គោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនៃគេហទំព័រភាគីទីបី
គោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះគ្រាន់តែដោះស្រាយការប្រើប្រាស់និងការផ្សព្វផ្សាយព័ត៌មានដែលយើងប្រមូលពីអ្នកនៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើងតែប៉ុណ្ណោះ។  គេហទំព័រផ្សេងទៀត រួមបញ្ចូលទាំងគេហទំព័ររបស់ភាគីទីបីដែលអាចចូលមើលបានតាមរយៈគេហទំព័រនេះមានគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនិងការប្រមូលទិន្នន័យ ការប្រើប្រាស់ និងការអនុវត្តការផ្សព្វផ្សាយផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់ពួកគេ។ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកភ្ជាប់ទៅគេហទំព័របែបនេះណាមួយ យើងសូមជំរុញអ្នកឱ្យពិនិត្យឡើងវិញនូវគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពរបស់គេហទំព័របែបនេះ។ យើងមិនទទួលខុសត្រូវចំពោះគោលការណ៍ ឬការអនុវត្តនានារបស់ភាគីទីបីឡើយ។
11. បញ្ហាឯកជនភាពផ្សេងៗ
ប្រសិនបើអ្នកមានសំណួរ ឬពាក្យបណ្តឹងទាក់ទងនឹងគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាព ឬការអនុវត្តន៍របស់យើង សូមទាក់ទងមកយើងតាមរយៈ អ៊ីមែល help@id.me ។
អាយុ​ក្រោម 18 ឆ្នាំ។
បុគ្គលទាំងឡាយណាដែលមានអាយុក្រោម 18 ឆ្នាំអាចមិនប្រើប្រាស់គេហទំព័រនេះ។ យើងមិនប្រមូលព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដោយដឹងពីអ្នកដែលមានអាយុក្រោម 18 ឆ្នាំទេ ហើយមិនមានផ្នែកណាមួយនៃគេហទំព័រនេះត្រូវបានបង្កើតឡើងដើម្បីទាក់ទាញអ្នកដែលមានអាយុក្រោម 18 ឆ្នាំនោះទេ។ ដោយសារតែយើងមិនចេតនាប្រមូលព័ត៌មានពីក្មេងអាយុក្រោម 18 ឆ្នាំ យើងក៏មិនចែកចាយព័ត៌មានដែលបានដឹងបែបនេះដល់ភាគីទីបីដែរ។ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកមានហេតុផលជឿជាក់ថាបុគ្គលម្នាក់ដែលមានអាយុក្រោម 18 ឆ្នាំបានផ្តល់ឱ្យយើងនូវព័ត៌មាន សូមទាក់ទងមកយើងតាមរយៈអ៊ីមែល support@id.me ហើយយើងនឹងលុបចោលព័ត៌មានបែបនេះភ្លាមស្របទៅតាម និងអុលោមទៅតាមច្បាប់ដែលអនុវត្ត។
តំបន់សាធារណៈនានា។
យើងអាចផ្តល់នូវតំបន់នានានៅលើគេហទំព័រដែលអ្នកអាចបង្ហោះព័ត៌មានជាសាធារណៈអំពីខ្លួនអ្នកផ្ទាល់ អាចធ្វើទំនាក់ទំនងជាមួយអ្នកដទៃ (ដូចជាក្រុមប្រឹក្សាពិភាក្សា ឬកំណត់ហេតុបណ្តាញនានា) ឬអាចពិនិត្យមើលផលិតផលនានា និងដាក់បញ្ជូនមាតិកាមេឌៀ។ ព័ត៌មាននេះអាចត្រូវបានចូលប្រើប្រាស់ដោយអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ និងក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សេងទៀត និងអាចបង្ហាញនៅលើគេហទំព័រផ្សេងទៀត ឬគេហទំព័រស្វែងរកនានា។ ដូច្នេះព័ត៌មាននេះអាចត្រូវបានអាន ត្រូវបានប្រមូល និងត្រូវប្រើប្រាស់ដោយអ្នកដទៃ។ ឧទាហរណ៍ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកបង្ហោះអាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីមែលរបស់អ្នកជាមួយនឹងការវាយតម្លៃផលិតផល ឬសេវាកម្មនានា នោះអ្នកអាចទទួលបានសារឥតស្នើសុំពីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ផ្សេងទៀតដែលបានចុះឈ្មោះ។ យើងមិនមានការគ្រប់គ្រងលើអ្នកណាខ្លះដែលអានការបង្ហោះរបស់អ្នកឬអ្វីដែលអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ផ្សេងទៀតអាចធ្វើជាមួយព័ត៌មានដែលអ្នកបង្ហោះដោយស្ម័គ្រចិត្តនោះទេ។ ដូច្នេះសូមប្រើប្រាស់ការប្រុងប្រយ័ត្ននៅពេលអ្នកធ្វើការបង្ហោះព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនណាមួយ។ យើងពិតជាទទួលបានការយល់ព្រមពីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់របស់យើងដើម្បីបង្ហោះឈ្មោះរបស់ពួកគេរួមជាមួយនឹងការវាយតម្លៃរបស់ពួកគេ។
ការប្រើប្រាស់ហ្វេសប៊ុក។
ប្រសិនបើបច្ចុប្បន្ននេះអ្នកមិនទាន់ចុះឈ្មោះជាអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ ID.me ម្នាក់ ហើយអ្នកចុចលើ "ចូលប្រើប្រាស់ហ្វេសប៊ុក" អ្នកនឹងត្រូវបានសួរជាលើកដំបូងដើម្បីចូលហ្វេសប៊ុក ដោយប្រើប្រាស់ឈ្មោះអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ និងពាក្យសម្ងាត់ហ្វេសប៊ុករបស់អ្នក។  បន្ទាប់ពីអ្នកបានចូលហ្វេសប៊ុកអ្នកនឹងទទួលបានជម្រើសដើម្បីចុះឈ្មោះ និងចូលរួម ID.me ដោយប្រើប្រាស់ឈ្មោះហ្វេសប៊ុក អ៊ីមែលនិងភេទរបស់អ្នក។  ប្រសិនបើអ្នកមិនចង់ចូលក្នុងសេវាកម្មរបស់យើងដោយប្រើប្រាស់អ៊ីមែលហ្វេសប៊ុករបស់អ្នក នោះអ្នកអាចកែតម្រូវការកំណត់នេះតាមរយៈហ្វេសប៊ុក ។ ការប្រើប្រាស់ហ្វេសប៊ុករបស់អ្នកសម្រាប់មុខងារចូលនេះគឺស្ថិតនៅក្រោមគោលការណ៍ និងការអនុវត្តឯកជនភាពរបស់ហ្វេសប៊ុក ។ Id.me មិនទទួលខុសត្រូវចំពោះការអនុវត្តឯកជនភាពរបស់ហ្វេសប៊ុកទេ ហើយហ្វេសប៊ុកមិនមានកាតព្វកិច្ចអនុវត្តតាមគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះទេ។ មុនពេលបើកមុខងារចូលនេះអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់គួរពិនិត្យមើលឡើងវិញនូវគោលការណ៍ និងការអនុវត្តឯកជនភាពរបស់ហ្វេសប៊ុក ។   លើសពីនេះទៀត យើងប្រើប្រាស់ហ្វេសប៊ុកដើម្បីយល់ដឹងកាន់តែច្បាស់ពីអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់គេហទំព័រ និងសេវាកម្មរបស់យើង និងដើម្បីទាក់ទងទៅអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់អំពីសេវាកម្មរបស់យើង។  ឧទាហរណ៍ យើងអាចប្រើប្រាស់លក្ខណៈពិសេសនេះដើម្បីផ្តល់ការរំលឹកដល់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ដែលមិនបានបំពេញបញ្ចប់ដំណើរការចុះឈ្មោះរបស់ពួកគេនៅលើគេហទំព័ររបស់យើងដោយប្រើមុខងារហ្វេសប៊ុកនេះ។  សម្រាប់ព័ត៌មានបន្ថែមទៀតអំពីរបៀបដែលយើងទាក់ទងជាមួយក្រុមហ៊ុនផ្សាយពាណិជ្ជកម្ម សូមមើលផ្នែកទី 4 ខាងលើ និងគោលការណ៍ខូគីរបស់យើង
សេចក្តីជូនដំណឹងស្តីពីសិទ្ធិឯកជនភាពចំពោះអ្នករស់នៅរដ្ឋកាលីហ្វ័រញ៉ា។
ច្បាប់រដ្ឋកាលីហ្វ័រញ៉ាតម្រូវឱ្យយើងផ្ដល់ឱ្យអ្នកនូវសេចក្ដីសង្ខេបអំពីសិទ្ធិឯកជនភាពរបស់អ្នកនៅក្រោមច្បាប់ការពារសិទ្ធិឯកជនភាពលើអ៊ីនធឺណិត ("ច្បាប់") និងលេខកូដអាជីវកម្ម និងលេខកូដវិជ្ជាជីវៈរបស់រដ្ឋកាលីហ្វញ៉ា។ ដូចដែលបានតម្រូវដោយច្បាប់ យើងនឹងផ្តល់ឱ្យអ្នកនូវប្រភេទនានានៃព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដែលយើងប្រមូលតាមរយៈគេហទំព័រ និងប្រភេទនៃភាគីទីបីដែលព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនបែបនេះអាចត្រូវបានចែករំលែកសម្រាប់គោលបំណងធ្វើទីផ្សារដោយផ្ទាល់ទៅតាមសំណើរបស់អ្នក។ ច្បាប់រដ្ឋកាលីហ្វ័រញ៉ាតម្រូវឱ្យយើងជូនដំណឹងដល់អ្នកតាមសំណើរបស់អ្នក (1) ប្រភេទនៃព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនដែលយើងប្រមូលហើយអ្វីខ្លះដែលយើងចែករំលែកព័ត៌មាននោះជាមួយភាគីទីបី៖ (2) ឈ្មោះ និងអាសយដ្ឋានរបស់ភាគីទីបីទាំងនោះ និង (3) ឧទាហរណ៍នៃផលិតផលនានាដែលត្រូវបានធ្វើទីផ្សារដោយក្រុមហ៊ុនទាំងនោះ។ ច្បាប់នេះតម្រូវបន្ថែមទៀតឱ្យយើងដើម្បីអនុញ្ញាតឱ្យអ្នកត្រួតពិនិត្យអ្នកដែលអ្នកមិនចង់ឱ្យយើងចែករំលែកព័ត៌មាននោះ។ ដើម្បីទទួលបានព័ត៌មាននេះ សូមផ្ញើសំណើតាមអ៊ីមែល ឬការផ្ញើតាមស្តង់ដារទៅអាសយដ្ឋានដែលបានឃើញនៅខាងក្រោមនេះ។ នៅពេលទាក់ទងយើងសូមបង្ហាញឈ្មោះ អាសយដ្ឋាន អាសយដ្ឋានអ៊ីមែលរបស់អ្នក និងព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនអ្វីខ្លះដែលអ្នកមិនចង់ឱ្យយើងចែករំលែកជាមួយសាខាក្រុមហ៊ុន ឬដៃគូធ្វើទីផ្សារ។ សំណើនេះគួរតែត្រូវបានផ្ញើទៅកាន់នាយកដ្ឋានច្បាប់របស់យើង ហើយដាក់ស្លាក "ការជូនដំណឹងអំពីជម្រើសអតិថិជនរបស់រដ្ឋកាលីហ្វ័រញ៉ា" ។ សូមអនុញ្ញាត 30 ថ្ងៃសម្រាប់ការឆ្លើយតប។ សូមចំណាំផងដែរថាមិនមានការគិតថ្លៃសម្រាប់ការគ្រប់គ្រងការចែករំលែកព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក ឬការស្នើសុំការជូនដំណឹងនេះទេ។
អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់អន្តរជាតិ អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់មកពីតំបន់សេដ្ឋកិច្ចអឺរ៉ុប ("EEA") ។
គេហទំព័រនេះត្រូវបម្រើនៅក្នុងសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិក។ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកជាអ្នកប្រើប្រាស់ចូលគេហទំព័រមកពីខាងក្រៅសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិក ដោយមានច្បាប់ ឬបទបញ្ជាគ្រប់គ្រងការប្រមូលទិន្នន័យផ្ទាល់ខ្លួន ការប្រើប្រាស់ និងការផ្សព្វផ្សាយដែលខុសពីច្បាប់របស់សហរដ្ឋអាមេរិក នោះអ្នកកំពុងផ្ទេរព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នកនិងទិន្នន័យផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនផ្សេងទៀតទៅសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិក ដែលមិនមានច្បាប់ការពារទិន្នន័យដូចគ្នានឹងតំបន់នានាផ្សេងទៀតទេ។ ដោយការផ្តល់ព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកទៅកាន់គេហទំព័រ អ្នកកំពុងតែយល់ព្រមឱ្យផ្ទេរព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកទៅសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិកដើម្បីដំណើរការ និងថែរក្សាទុកដោយអនុលោមតាមគោលការណ៍ឯកជនភាពនេះ និងលក្ខខណ្ឌប្រើប្រាស់សេវាកម្មរបស់យើង។ លុះត្រាតែបានបញ្ជាក់ផ្សេងពីនេះនៅក្នុងផ្នែកនេះ អ្នកក៏កំពុងយល់ព្រមផងដែរចំពោះការអនុវត្ដច្បាប់ Delaware និងការត្រួតពិនិត្យច្បាប់សហព័ន្ធសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិកលើគ្រប់បញ្ហាទាំងអស់ដែលពាក់ព័ន្ធនឹងគេហទំព័រ និង ID.me សេវាកម្ម។
សម្រាប់អ្នកប្រើប្រាស់មកពី EEA៖ 
អ្នកមានសិទ្ធិជាក់លាក់មួយចំនួននៅក្រោមច្បាប់អ៊ឺរ៉ុបទាក់ទងនឹងទិន្នន័យផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក រួមទាំងសិទ្ធិក្នុងការស្នើសុំការចូលទៅប្រើប្រាស់ កែតម្រូវ ធ្វើសោធនកម្ម លុបចោល ឬកម្រិតកំណត់ការប្រើប្រាស់ទិន្នន័យផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក។ ប្រសិនបើអ្នកចង់អនុវត្តសិទ្ធិទាំងនេះ សូមទាក់ទងតាមអ៊ីមែល help@id.me ។ អ្នកក៏អាចមានសិទ្ធិក្នុងការដាក់ពាក្យបណ្តឹងជាមួយនឹងអាជ្ញាធរត្រួតពិនិត្យដែលមាននៅក្នុងរដ្ឋជាសមាជិកនៃលំនៅដ្ឋានរបស់អ្នក។      លើសពីនេះទៅទៀត យើងកត់សម្គាល់ថាសម្រាប់គោលបំណងនៃច្បាប់អ៊ឺរ៉ុប យើងធ្វើជាអ្នកគ្រប់គ្រងទិន្នន័យសម្រាប់ទិន្នន័យផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក ហើយជាទូទៅដំណើរការព័ត៌មានរបស់អ្នកជាមួយនឹងការយល់ព្រមរបស់អ្នកដើម្បីបំពេញកិច្ចសន្យានានាដែលយើងអាចមានជាមួយអ្នក (ឧទាហរណ៍ដើម្បីនាំរង្វាន់ជាសាច់ប្រាក់ឱ្យត្រឡប់មកវិញជូនអ្នក ឬដើម្បីបំពេញការបញ្ជាក់ភស្តុតាងពីអត្តសញ្ញាណ) ឬផ្សេងពីនេះដើម្បីបន្តស្វែងរកផលប្រយោជន៍អាជីវកម្មស្របច្បាប់របស់យើងដែលបានចុះបញ្ជីខាងលើ (ដូចជាដើម្បីគាំទ្រការខិតខំប្រឹងប្រែងផ្នែកទីផ្សារដោយផ្ទាល់ ឬដើម្បីទប់ស្កាត់ការក្លែងបន្លំ) ។   ដូចដែលបានពិភាក្សាខាងលើយើងអាចផ្ទេរព័ត៌មានមួយចំនួនរបស់អ្នកទៅសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិកដើម្បីផ្តល់សេវាកម្មនានារបស់យើង។  ដោយសារតែសហរដ្ឋអាមេរិកមិនមានច្បាប់ការពារទិន្នន័យស្មើគ្នាក្នុងការពារការប្រើប្រាស់ព័ត៌មានផ្ទាល់ខ្លួនរបស់អ្នក យើងអនុវត្តតាមច្បាប់សហភាពអឺរ៉ុបដោយប្រើប្រាស់ខចែងកិច្ចសន្យាស្តង់ដារដែលត្រូវបានអនុម័តដោយគណៈកម្មការអឺរ៉ុប ឬការអនុម័តមធ្យោបាយផ្សេងទៀតដើម្បីធានាថាមានកិច្ចការពារសុវត្ថិភាពគ្រប់គ្រាន់ត្រូវបានអនុវត្ត។
12. ទាក់ទងមកយើង
មិនថាអ្នកជាអតិថិជនថ្មី ឬជាអតិថិជនស្មោះត្រង់ ជាម្ចាស់ភោជនីយដ្ឋាន ជាអ្នកធ្ទីផ្សារ ជាអ្នកបោះពុម្ពផ្សាយ ជាសមាជិកមេឌៀ ឬជាអ្នកស្វែងរកការងារ យើងចង់រក្សាទំនាក់ទំនង និងចង់ឮពីអ្នក!
អាសយដ្ឋានសាជីវកម្ម។
McLean, VA 22102
សម្រាប់អតិថិជន។
ការស៊ើបសួរនានាអំពីសេវាកម្មសមាជិកអាចត្រូវបានបញ្ជូនទៅកាន់អ៊ីមែល help@id.me ។
រក្សាសិទ្ធិ© 2018 ID.me, Inc. រក្សារសិទ្ធគ្រប់យ៉ាង។
본 개인정보 보호정책의 영문본과 영어 이외 번역본이 일치하지 않는 경우에는 모든 부분에서 영문본( https://www.id.me/privacy )이 우선합니다.
본 개인정보 보호정책에 따라 ID.me 서비스와 웹사이트(www.ID.me, ID.me 모바일 애플리케이션 또는 그룹 제휴 위젯 같은 ID.me 기술 플랫폼 요소에 위치)의 개인정보 취급 방침을 해당 고객의 웹사이트에 공개하여 표시합니다. 개인정보 보호정책에서 규정되지 않은 조건은 서비스 약관에 명시되어 있습니다. ID.me, Inc.는 서비스 및 웹사이트("당사" 또는 "저희" "우리"로 통칭) 제공업체이며, 서비스 및/또는 웹사이트를 탐색하거나 달리 사용하는 개인(이하 "사용자" 또는 "귀하"로 통칭)의 개인정보 보호에 최선을 다하고 있습니다. ID.me 서비스는 사용자의 신원과 소속(예: 퇴역 군인, 응급 의료요원, 기타 지정 단체의 회원)을 원격으로 인증하는 간단하고 안전한 방법을 제공한 다음, 이러한 인증에 의존하는 당사자에게 사용자의 재량에 따라 해당 신원과 관련된 특성 정보를 공유합니다.   그리고 등록된 사용자(이하 "회원")는 참여 소매업체와 서비스 제공업체, 고용주 또는 복지후생 관리자가 제공하는 우대, 할인, 캐시백 리베이트, 고용 및 교육 기회 등을 비롯한 전용 특별 혜택을 제한 없이 이용할 수 있습니다. 일단 인증되면 ID.me 계정은 사용자가 참여하는 제삼자 웹사이트에서 계정을 만들고 사용자 정보를 자동 입력한 후 해당 계정으로 광범위한 가맹 웹사이트(소매업체, 서비스 제공업체, 고용주, 복지후생 관리자 등) 네트워크의 제품, 서비스, 보상 및/또는 혜택을 이용할 수 있는 휴대용 단일 디지털 ID 역할을 합니다. 등록 과정의 일환으로 사용자는 ID.me에 특정 정보를 제출해야 합니다. 그래야 당사가 사용자의 신원과 소속을 확인하고 다른 적격 기준을 준수하는지 판단할 수 있습니다. 사용자는 자신의 ID.me 계정에 어떠한 특정 정보(아래에 자세히 명시되어 있는 개인정보와 기타 형태의 정보)를 연결할지 선택할 수 있으며, 언제든지 해당 정보에 대한 ID.me의 접근 권한을 취소할 수 있습니다. 이렇게 함으로써 사용자는 ID.me 서비스와 관련하여 다른 웹사이트와 공유하는 정보량을 통제할 수 있습니다. 경우에 따라 사용자가 더 많은 정보를 공유할수록 우대, 할인, 캐시백 리베이트, 고용 및 교육 기회 등 더 많은 보상과 혜택을 누릴 수 있습니다. 자세한 사항은 서비스 약관(https : //www.id.me/terms)에 명시되어 있습니다.   또한 참여하는 특정 웹사이트는 사용자가 최소한 일정 수준의 정보를 제공하도록 요구할 수 있으며, 그러한 정보를 제공하지 않기로 결정하면 제공되는 상품과 서비스, 혜택을 받을 사용자의 적격성에 영향을 미칠 수 있습니다. 명확하게 구분하면, 당사가 서비스와 웹사이트 및 기타 특정 웹사이트(예: TroopSwap.com)를 소유하고 운영하지만, 해당 ID.me 서비스를 이용할 수 있는 제삼자가 소유하고 운영하는 웹사이트(이하 ​​"제삼자 웹사이트"로 총칭)를 소유하거나 운영하지는 않습니다. 본 개인정보 보호정책은 웹사이트 및 ID.me 서비스를 제공하는 과정에서 수집하거나 기록하는 정보의 수집, 사용, 저장, 공개, 폐기, 처분에 관해 사용자에게 알려주기 위한 것입니다. 당사는 제삼자 웹사이트의 개인정보 취급 방침에 대해 책임을 지지 않으며, 제삼자 웹사이트도 당사의 개인정보 보호정책을 준수할 의무가 없습니다. 제삼자 웹사이트를 방문하기 전과 그리고 제삼자 웹사이트에서 운영하거나 광고하는 당사자에게 ID.me 계정 정보나 여타 정보를 제공하기 전에 사용자는 해당 웹사이트에서 사용자로부터 수집한 정보를 어떻게 처리하는지 웹사이트의 개인정보 보호정책과 취급 방침을 살펴봐야 합니다.  또한 사용자와의 특별한 상호작용(예: 웹사이트를 탐색만 하는 사용자와 제삼자 웹사이트에서 ID.me 서비스를 사용하는 사용자)에 따라 본 정책의 다른 부분이 서로 다른 때에 적용될 수 있습니다. 개인정보 보호정책을 주의 깊게 읽어보시기 바랍니다.  법률에서 달리 규정하지 않는 한, 웹사이트에 접속하거나 웹사이트를 사용함으로써 귀하는 본 개인정보 보호정책 및 웹사이트 이용약관의 모든 조건을 읽고 이해하며, 이에 동의한 것으로 인정됩니다. 이러한 정책과 약관에 동의하지 않으면, 서비스 또는 웹사이트에 접속하거나 이를 사용하지 마십시오.
1. 개인정보 보호정책의 변경
개인정보 보호정책을 변경하기로 결정한 경우, 당사가 어떤 정보를 수집하며, 어떻게 사용하는지, 그리고 어떤 환경에서 어떻게 공개하는지 등을 사용자가 알 수 있도록 이 페이지에 해당 변경사항을 게시할 것입니다. 당사는 언제든지 개인정보 보호정책을 수정할 수 있으므로 자주 확인하시기 바랍니다.  이 정책에 중대한 변경사항이 있을 경우 이메일 또는 홈페이지 알림을 통해 사용자에게 알려드릴 것입니다.
2. 수집된 정보의 유형과 수집된 정보의 사용
당사는 두 가지 방법으로 사용자로부터 정보를 수집합니다.
사용자가 제공하는 정보. 당사는 사용자가 동의할 때 특정 개인정보를 수집합니다.  ID.me 계정을 등록하고 ID.me 서비스를 사용할 때 사용자는 특정 정보를 제공해야 합니다. 그래야 당사가 사용자의 소속(예: 군인, 응급 의료요원, 학생, 재향군인 등), 회원권, 소셜 미디어 계정, 학위, 전문 자격 등을 비롯해 사용자의 신원과 신분 특성을 확인할 수 있습니다. 
"개인 정보"는 이름, 우편 주소, 이메일 주소(.mil 이메일 주소 등 제한 없이 모두 포함), 전화번호, 사회보장번호, 생년월일 등을 비롯해 이에 국한하지 않고 특정 개인의 신원을 확인할 수 있는 모든 정보입니다.
또한 정부기관, 통신 네트워크, 신용카드 기관, 금융기관 또는 이와 유사한 권위 있는 기관과 같이 사용자 소속 단체의 자격 증명, 군대 기록(개인정보도 포함될 수 있음), 배우자 또는 직계 가족의 사회보장번호, 소속 부대, 현역 및 예비군 복무 날짜, 금융기관과 연관된 사용자의 계정 관련 정보 등을 접근할 수 있는 조직과 등록 기관으로부터 추가 정보와 문서도 제공해야 합니다.
당사는 ID.me 서비스의 일환으로 사용자가 제공하는 정보를 사용하여 사용자의 신원을 확인하고, 일정 자격 요건에 따라 제삼자 웹사이트가 제공하는 특정 할인과 캐시백 보상, 제안 또는 기회 등을 비롯한 각종 혜택을 이용할 수 있는 자격을 검증합니다. 
ID.me 서비스를 제공하기 위해 사용자의 개인정보를 사용하고, 아울러 해당 정보를 사용하여 문제 파악, 분쟁 해결, 관리 업무와 연락을 실시하며, 웹사이트 이용약관 및 개인정보 보호정책을 포함한 사용자와의 계약을 이행하며, 관련 법률을 준수하고 법 집행 활동에 협조합니다. 
또한, 이러한 정보를 사용하여 사용자의 자격(예: 현역 군복무 또는 학생 신분과 같은 소속 단체)을 감사합니다. 예컨대, 등록된 사용자 주소로 구매품이 전달되었는지 확인하여 사용자 계정에서 사기 행위를 감사하고, 동일한 정보를 가지고 ID.me 계정이 중복으로 생성되는 것을 방지할 수 있습니다. 당사가 자동으로 수집하는 정보. 사용자가 본 웹사이트 ID.me와 당사가 승인한 제삼자 서비스 제공업체 및 광고주(당사 웹사이트 또는 홍보물에 광고하는 회사를 포함, "광고주"로 통칭)를 방문할 때, 본 웹사이트에 오기 전에 방문한 다른 웹사이트의 유니폼 리소스 로케이터(이하 "URL"), 이 웹사이트를 떠난 후 방문하는 웹사이트의 URL, 사용 중인 브라우저의 종류, 인터넷 프로토콜(이하 "IP") 주소, 직업, 언어, 고유 장치 식별자, 대략적인 지리적 위치, 시간대 등과 같은 정보(통칭하여 "자동 수집 정보")를 자동으로 수집합니다. 이러한 유형의 정보 수집은 모바일 장치에서 쿠키, 웹 비콘, 픽셀 태그, 위치 기반 기능과 같은 전자 도구를 사용하여 이루어지며, 아래 4번과 9번 항목에서 자세히 설명합니다. 
당사는 상기 정보를 사용하여 문제 해결, 웹사이트 관리, 추세 분석, 인구통계 정보 수집을 하고, 관련 법률을 준수하며, 법 집행 활동에 협조합니다. 또한 인증된 타사 서비스 제공업체 및 광고주와 해당 정보를 공유하여 온라인 광고, 콘텐츠, 프로그래밍의 전반적인 효과를 측정합니다. 일부 제한된 경우에 ID.me 검증 프로세스의 일환으로 사용자의 신원을 확인하기 위해 자동 수집 정보와 개인 식별이 가능한 다른 식별자를 통합합니다. 예를 들어, 사용자의 신원을 확인하고 사기행위를 방지하기 위해 사용자의 모바일 장치에서 가져온 대략적인 지리적 위치를 결합하여 사용자가 자발적으로 웹사이트에 제출한 주소 정보와 연결할 수 있습니다.
미군 소속 회원과 군인의 민사책임 면제법(SCRA)이 적용되는 기타 인원에게 더 나은 서비스를 제공하기 위해(50 USC App. 501 등. seq.)*, ID.me는 금융 서비스 회사와 제삼자 웹사이트들이 SCRA 조항을 잘 준수할 수 있도록 서비스를 제공합니다. ID.me에 가입함으로써 사용자는 금융 서비스 회사와 제삼자 웹사이트가 사용자 본인이나 가족 구성원이 SCRA 혜택과 보호 수혜 자격이 되는지 결정하는 것을 지원하기 위해 ID.me가 사용자의 개인정보를 사용할 수 있다는 데 동의합니다. ID.me는 사용자의 SCRA 자격 상태에 대한 변경사항을 제삼자에게 알리기 위해 추후 사용자 본인이나 가족 구성원의 적격성을 확인하려고 사용자의 개인정보를 정기적으로 사용할 수 있습니다.  이 정보의 출처에는 ID.me와 계약 관계이며 공개적으로 사용 가능한 웹사이트, 실제 문서, 금융 정보, ID.me의 네트워크 또는 제삼자 등이 포함되나 이에 국한되지 않습니다. 
* ID.me의 SCRA 서비스 범위에는 SCRA가 보호하는 모든 개인(예컨대, 미국 육군, 공군, 해안경비대, 해병대, 해군의 현역 (및 전역 후 특정 기간 동안) 복무 인원을 포함하여, 예비역, 주 방위군과 항공 방위군의 일원으로 현역, 공공 보건 서비스와 국립 해양대기관리국의 현역 간부, 그리고 연방 또는 주 법률과 규정에 따라 해당되는 경우, SCRA에 따라 보호되는 개인의 부양가족 및 가족 구성원 포함)이 포함됩니다. 
3. 사용자 제공 정보의 공개
당사는 사용자의 신원과 인정된 프로그램과 혜택에 대한 자격을 확인하거나 아래에 명시된 바와 같이 사용자의 동의를 받은 경우를 제외하고, 사용자의 개인정보를 다른 당사자와 공유, 판매, 임대, 거래하지 않습니다. 
당사는 사용자의 ID.me 계정을 확인하고 ID.me 서비스를 제공하기 위해 필요한 기관과 사용자의 개인정보를 공유합니다.
사용자의 신원과 아울러 할인 혜택, 캐시백 리베이트, 기타 가맹점과 서비스 제공업체의 혜택을 받기 위한 자격을 확인하기 위해 당사는 정부기관, 통신 네트워크, 금융기관을 비롯해 여타 신뢰할 수 있는 정보 출처와 같은 제삼자에게 사용자의 개인정보를 제공합니다.  앞서 언급한 당사자들에게 사용자의 개인정보를 제공하는 것은 오로지 사용자의 신원과 아울러 ID.me 서비스를 이용할 자격을 확인하기 위함입니다. 당사는 위에서 명시한 당사자와 같은 인증된 등록기관(이하 "등록기관")과 관계를 맺고 규약을 확립함으로써 사용자가 당사에 제공하는 모든 개인정보는 업계 표준 암호화 도구를 사용하여 전송됩니다. 이러한 도구는 승인되지 않은 접근으로부터 해당 정보를 보호하기 위해 계획된 것입니다.
개인정보를 제공함으로써 사용자는 등록기관과 여타 신뢰 기관들이 사용자의 신원을 비롯해 할인과 캐시백 리베이트 등 혜택 수혜 자격을 확인할 수 있도록 ID.me에게 해당 정보를 제공할 권한을 부여합니다.
당사는 사용자가 허락하는 경우 제삼자 웹사이트와 사용자의 ID.me 계정(ID.me 캐시백 프로그램 포함)에 연결된 특정 개인정보를 공유합니다.  사용자가 당사의 웹사이트에 등록하고 ID.me 계정을 사용함으로써 당사가 제삼자 웹사이트에 접속, 등록, 가입하거나 이를 달리 사용할 수 있는 권한을 부여하게 됩니다.  당사는 사용자의 허락없이 사용자의 개인정보를 제삼자 웹사이트와 공유하지 않습니다. 그러나 제삼자 웹사이트에서 사용자의 ID.me 계정을 활용함으로써 사용자는 본인의 ID.me 계정에 연결된 특정 개인정보를 해당 제삼자 웹사이트와 공유하는 것을 명시적으로 승인하게 됩니다. 
ID.me 서비스는 사용자가 제삼자 웹사이트에서 회원 가입을 하거나 프로필을 만들 때 본인의 ID.me 계정에 연결된 개인정보를 자동으로 전송함으로써 제삼자 웹사이트와의 거래에 참여할 수 있도록 하기 위한 것입니다. 이러한 개인정보의 이전은 다양한 기관에서 혜택이나 할인을 받을 자격이 되는지 확인하고 해당 자격을 제삼자 웹사이트에 알리기 위해서 필요합니다. ID.me가 제삼자 웹사이트와 공유하는 정보는 ID.me의 전적인 재량으로, 여기서 설명하는 거래를 완료하는 데 필요하다고 여겨지는 개인정보로 제한됩니다. 사용자의 정보를 제삼자 웹사이트로 보내기 전에 사용자는 거래를 완료하는 데 필요한 정보를 검토할 기회를 가집니다.  사용자가 명시적으로 허가하지 않으면 ID.me는 제삼자 웹사이트가 사용자의 ID.me 계정에 연결된 정보에 접근할 수 없도록 조치합니다.  ID.me 서비스를 이용하는 사용자는 본인의 개인정보가 제공되는 제삼자 웹사이트를 제어할 수 있습니다. 당사는 사용자가 ID.me 계정을 사용하여 제삼자 웹사이트에 등록하거나 제삼자 웹사이트가 본인의 정보에 접근하도록 허락하지 않는 한, 사용자의 개인정보를 제삼자 웹사이트와 공유하지 않습니다.
당사는 인증된 제삼자 서비스 제공업체와 사용자의 정보를 공유합니다.
당사는 제삼자 서비스 제공업체를 통해 본 웹사이트의 특정 서비스와 상품을 제공합니다. 이러한 서비스 제공업체는 관리 및 홍보용 이메일을 발송하고 배포하는 등 당사를 대신하여 필요한 기능을 수행합니다.  당사는 사용자의 개인정보를 해당 서비스 제공업체와 공유하여 고객 목록에서 중복된 정보를 삭제하고, 데이터 분석, 마케팅 지원, 검색 결과 및 링크 제공, 신용카드 결제 처리, 웹사이트 운영, 문제 해결, 고객 서비스 제공 등을 수행할 수 있습니다.  당사는 업무 계약 관계가 있는 개인 및 회사(이하 "제휴사")로부터 개인정보를 수집할 수도 있습니다. 그러나 이러한 제휴 기관에게 당사와 사용자에게 서비스를 제공하는 것 이외의 목적으로 정보를 사용할 수 있는 권한을 부여하지 않으며, 계약에 따라 정보의 사용을 제한합니다.
비즈니스 정보 이전.
다른 사업체와 마찬가지로 당사도 타사와 합병하거나 타사에 인수될 수도 있고, 훗날 관련 파산법에 따라 법정 관리를 신청할 수도 있습니다. 이러한 경우 개인정보를 포함하여 Id.me에서 획득하고 관리하는 사용자의 정보는 기업 합병, 통합, 자산 매각, 파산을 비롯해 기타 기업 변경과 관련하여 승계 기업에 이전됩니다. 이러한 양도 전에 제출된 사용자 정보는 본 개인정보 보호정책의 약관에 따라 유지됩니다(제출일 당시와 동일한 기준). 그러나 승계 기업으로 이전한 후 제출된 사용자 정보는 승계 기업이 채택한 새로운 개인정보 보호정책의 적용을 받을 수 있습니다.
당사는 당사와 다른 사람들을 보호하기 위해 사용자의 정보를 공유할 수 있습니다.
당사는 법률의 요구에 따라 그리고 당사의 권리를 보호하고 또는 당사 웹사이트에서 제공하는 사법 절차, 법원 명령, 법적 절차를 준수하기 위해, 본 개인정보 보호정책과 웹사이트 서비스 약관 또는 기타 약관을 이행하거나 적용하기 위해, 신체적 안전을 잠재적으로 위협하는 사기행위와 상황을 비롯해 의심스럽거나 실제로 금지된 행위를 조사, 예방, 조치를 취하고, 모든 인원과 기관의 경제적 손실을 예방하기 위해, 달리 본 웹사이트와 해당 사용자 또는 타인의 권리와 재산권이나 안전을 보호하기 위해, 공개가 필요하다고 판단될 때 사용자의 개인정보를 공개할 수 있습니다.
4. 광고 정보의 공개
당사는 개인적이 아닌 정보를 서비스 제공업체와 제휴사에 공개 또는 공공유할 수 있습니다. 예를 들어, 광고주 또는 광고회사(당사의 광고를 도와주는 기업 또는 "광고 회사") 및 아래에 나오는 다른 당사자들과 집계된 인구통계 정보(개인정보는 포함되지 않음)를 공유할 수 있습니다.
사용자가 당사 웹사이트를 직접 또는 마케팅 메시지의 일환으로 방문할 때 당사는 광고회사를 이용하여 광고를 게재할 수 있습니다.  광고회사들은 네트워크 태그를 사용하여 관심있는 상품과 서비스에 대한 광고를 제공하기 위해 본 웹사이트와 다른 웹사이트를 방문한 사용자의 방문 정보를 사용할 수 있습니다.  이들 광고회사 중 일부는 네트워크 광고 전략(NAI) 또는 디지털 광고 연합(DAA) 소속 회원인 광고 네트워크에 해당할 수 있습니다. 이러한 네트워크에 대한 자세한 정보가 필요하거나 회원사의 타겟 광고를 거부하려면 http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp를 방문하거나 YouAdChoices 아이콘을 클릭하십시오. 당사는 서비스 제공업체를 통해 사용자의 익명 사용과 양적 통계 정보를 추적하고 분석하여 웹사이트를 관리하며 지속적으로 품질을 향상합니다. 또한 당사는 홍보 목적으로 또는 광고주의 대표 고객으로서 이러한 정보를 게시할 수 있습니다. 이는 위에서 명시한 개인정보가 아니라 사용자의 활동에 대한 일반적인 요약 정보일 뿐입니다.  해당 데이터는 당사를 대신하여 수집되고 당사가 이를 소유하고 사용합니다.
5. 정보 업데이트 및 수정
당사는 사용자가 당사에 제공하는 개인정보에 접근하고 편집할 수 있어야 한다고 생각합니다. 사용자는 본인 계정에 로그인하고 사이트의 "내 계정" 항목에 들어가 개인정보를 변경할 수 있습니다. 사용자는 이메일 help@id.me 또는 우편주소 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102로 연락하여 본인의 개인정보를 업데이트할 수 있습니다.  당사에 연락할 때 본인의 이름과 우편 및 이메일 주소를 비롯해 어떤 정보를 업데이트하려는지 알려주시기 바랍니다.
사용자의 개인정보가 변경되면 즉시 업데이트하는 것이 좋습니다. 사용자는 본인의 계정 정보를 삭제 또는 제거하도록 요청할 수 있습니다. 그러나 당사는 법률이 요구하는 경우 특정 정보를 추적할 수 있습니다. 또한 백업 프로세스로 인해 사용자의 모든 정보를 완전히 삭제하는 것은 불가능할 수 있지만, 당사가 사용자의 정보를 파기할 수 있을 때까지 해당 백업을 보호하기 위해 상업적으로 합당한 노력을 기울일 것입니다.
6. 개인정보의 보호와 파기
당사는 사용자의 개인정보를 필요 이상으로 오래 보유하지 않습니다.
개인정보는 법률과 계약 및 정책 의무를 이행할 때까지 유지됩니다.  현재 이러한 의무를 이행하기 위해 당사의 개인정보 보유 정책은 사용자의 ID.me 계정 기간에 5 년을 더하는 것입니다.   ID.me의 서비스를 더 이상 이용할 수 없는 경우 ID.me는 해당 법률에 따라 권한 내에서 개인정보를 보호하고 또는 안전하게 파기할 수 있도록 상업적으로 합당한 노력을 기울입니다.
당사는 사용자의 개인정보를 보유하고 있지만, 업계에서 승인된 암호화 방법을 사용하여 무단 접근과 이용으로부터 이를 보호합니다.  마찬가지로 당사가 사용자의 개인정보를 파기할 때도 업계에서 인증한 방법으로 파기합니다.
7. 정보 수집과 사용에 관한 사용자의 선택
ID.me 서비스(해당 경우 제삼자 웹사이트 포함)에서 개인정보의 특정 항목을 공유하는 것은 전적으로 사용자가 단독 결정합니다.  등록 과정에서 웹사이트가 요청한 정보의 전부 또는 일부만 제공하기로 선택하고, 언제든지 이전에 제공한 정보 중 일부를 삭제하도록 결정할 수 있습니다. 그러나 사용자가 상기 정보를 제공하지 않으면 ID.me 계정에 등록할 수 없거나 ID.me 서비스의 특정 혜택(제삼자 웹사이트에서 특정 자격 요건에 따라 제공하는 할인, 캐시백 리베이트, 제안, 기회 포함)을 이용하지 못할 수 있습니다.
여기서 달리 제공하는 경우를 제외하고, ID.me Marketplace을 포함한 ID.me 서비스에 계정을 등록하거나 로그인하는 사용자는 당사에 제공한 이메일주소로 당사의 이메일(즉, 아래에 명시된 바와 같이 관리 이메일과 프로모션 메일)을 수신하는 데 명시적으로 동의합니다.  그러나 사용자가 해당 이메일 수신에 명시적으로 동의하지 않거나 ID.me Marketplace을 포함하여 ID.me 서비스의 사용자로 따로 등록하거나 로그인하지 않는 한, 제삼자 웹사이트를 통해 가입하더라도 프로모션 이메일을 보내지 않습니다.
"관리 이메일"은 ID.me 서비스를 통한 사용자의 활동과 관련이 있으며, 여기에는 사용자의 계정, 요청, 문의, 캐시백 리베이트 적립, 상품과 서비스 구매 등에 관한 이메일이 포함됩니다. "프로모션 이메일"은 제삼자 웹사이트 및 서비스 제공업체와 제휴사의 캐시백 리베이트 프로모션, 고용 및 교육 기회 및/또는 제품과 서비스 등 제삼자 웹사이트의 할인과 혜택을 포함하여 당사의 각종 상품과 서비스를 홍보합니다.
사용자는 관리 이메일 수신을 거부할 수 없습니다.  그러나 프로모션 이메일은 수신을 거부할 수 있습니다.
사용자가 당사의 프로모션 이메일 수신을 거부하려면, 이메일 feedback@id.me 또는 여기에 있는 주소로 연락하십시오. 아니면 당사의 이메일 하단에 있는 "수신 거부" 버튼을 클릭하고 그에 따라 필요한 추가 조치를 완료하면 됩니다.  당사에 연락하실 때 본인의 이름과 주소 및 이메일 주소를 밝히고, 모든 또는 특정 프로모션 이메일을 더 이상 받고 싶지 않다는 의사를 표시하십시오.
8. 정보 보안
당사는 보안을 중요하게 생각하며 개인정보를 보호하기 위한 많은 예방 조치를 취해 대비합니다. 사용자는 비밀번호와 이메일 주소를 통해 웹사이트의 개인정보에 접속할 수 있습니다. 비밀번호는 해시됩니다(그래서 복구할 수 없지만 고유합니다). 비밀번호는 누구와도 공유하지 않는 것이 좋습니다. 또한 사용자의 개인정보는 선택된 인원과 계약업체만 접근할 수 있는 보안 서버에 위치합니다. 안타깝게도 인터넷이나 무선 네트워크를 통한 데이터 전송은 100% 안전성을 보장할 수 없습니다. 따라서 당사는 상업적으로 합당한 보안 조치를 채택하여 데이터를 보호하고, 동일하게 조치할 수 있는 서비스 제공업체와 협력하려고 노력합니다. 하지만, 웹사이트를 통해 전송되는 모든 정보의 보안을 보장할 수 없으며, 그러한 정보를 받을 수 있는 제삼자의 조치에 대해서는 책임을 지지 않습니다.
9. 데이터 추적
쿠키.
당사는 사용자가 원하는 설정에 맞게 웹사이트를 더욱 편리하게 이용할 수 있도록 사용자의 컴퓨터에 쿠키를 저장합니다.  쿠키는 사용자에 관한 정보를 담아 기록 유지 목적으로 해당 사용자의 컴퓨터에 저장되는 작은 텍스트 파일입니다.  당사가 쿠키를 사용함으로써 사용자는 웹사이트 사용 시간을 ​​절약하고, 사용자가 누구인지 알게 되며, 캐시백 리베이트를 관리하고, 사용자의 관심사항을 파악하고 추적하여 사용자에게 맞춤식 웹사이트 경험을 제공합니다.  또한 쿠키를 사용하면 사용자가 방문한 페이지와 클릭한 링크와 같은 개인적이지 않은 사용 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다. 이러한 사용 정보를 이용하면 웹사이트 방문객에게 더욱 사용자 친화적인 경험을 제공할 수 있습니다. 또한 광고회사를 통해 웹사이트에 광고를 게재할 수도 있습니다. 서비스의 일환으로 사용자의 컴퓨터에 별도의 쿠키를 설치할 수도 있습니다. 당사는 이러한 쿠키에 접근하거나 이를 통제할 수 없습니다.  본 개인정보 보호정책은 본 웹사이트에서 사용하는 쿠키에만 적용되며, 제삼자 웹사이트, 서비스 제공업체나 제휴사의 쿠키 사용은 본 정책에서 다루지 않습니다. 대부분의 브라우저는 자동으로 쿠키를 허용하지만, 쿠키를 거부하도록 브라우저 설정을 변경할 수 있습니다. 쿠키를 거부하거나 삭제하면 캐시백 프로그램을 포함한 웹사이트의 일부가 제대로 작동하지 않을 수 있으니 유의하시기 바랍니다.   당사의 웹사이트에서 쿠키 사용에 관한 자세한 내용은  여기 에 있는 쿠키 정책에서 확인하십시오.
기타 추적 장치.
당사는 픽셀 태그와 웹 비콘 같은 업계 표준 기술을 사용하여 웹사이트 페이지와 프로모션을 추적하거나 당사 대신 서비스 제공업체가 이러한 장치를 사용하도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 픽셀 태그와 웹 비콘은 웹사이트의 특정 페이지나 이메일에 설치된 작은 그래픽 이미지입니다. 이를 통해 당사는 사용자가 특정 작업을 수행했는지 여부를 알아낼 수 있습니다.  이러한 웹페이지에 접속하거나 이메일을 열거나 클릭하면, 픽셀 태그와 웹 비콘에서 해당 작업에 대한 메모를 만듭니다. 픽셀 태그를 사용하면 웹사이트의 방문자 트래픽과 행동을 측정하고 이해도를 높이며 아울러 프로모션과 성과를 측정하는 방법도 알 수 있습니다.  또한 당사는 제휴사 및/또는 마케팅 파트너가 제공하는 픽셀 태그와 웹 비콘도 동일한 목적으로 활용할 수 있습니다. 현재 웹사이트는 DNT에 반응하거나 웹 브라우저의 신호를 "추적하지 않는 것"으로 설정되어 있지 않습니다.
10. 제삼자 웹사이트의 개인정보 보호정책
본 개인정보 보호정책은 당사 웹사이트에서 사용자로부터 수집하는 정보의 사용과 공개에 대해서만 다룹니다.   본 웹사이트를 통해 접속할 수 있는 제삼자 웹사이트를 비롯한 다른 웹사이트에는 자체 개인정보 보호정책과 데이터 수집, 사용 및 공개에 관한 방침이 있습니다. 이러한 웹사이트에 링크로 연결되면 해당 웹사이트의 개인정보 보호정책을 살펴볼 것을 권장합니다.  당사는 제삼자의 정책이나 관행에 대해서는 책임을 지지 않습니다.
11. 기타 개인정보 보호 문제
개인정보 보호정책이나 관행에 관한 질문이나 불만이 있으시면 이메일 help@id.me로 연락하시기 바랍니다.
18 세 미만.
18세 미만의 미성년자는 웹사이트를 사용할 수 없습니다. 당사는 사용자가 18 세 미만이라는 것을 알면 개인정보를 수집하지 않으며, 웹사이트의 어떤 부분도 18세 미만의 사용자를 유치할 목적으로 계획되지 않았습니다. 당사는 18 세 미만 미성년자로부터 의도적으로 정보를 수집하지 않기 때문에 해당 정보를 고의로 제삼자에게 배포하지 않습니다. 18세 미만의 미성년자가 정보를 제공한 것으로 믿을 만한 이유가 있다면 이메일 support@id.me로 연락해 주십시오. 그러면 관련 법률에 따라 해당 정보를 즉시 삭제할 것입니다.
공공 공간.
당사는 본 웹사이트에서 공개적으로 자신에 관한 정보를 게시하거나, 토론 게시판이나 블로그 같은 다른 사람들과 소통하며, 제품을 평가하고, 미디어 콘텐츠를 제출할 수 있는 공간을 제공할 수 있습니다. 이러한 정보는 다른 소비자와 기업들이 접근할 수 있으며, 다른 웹사이트 또는 웹 검색을 통해 나타날 수 있습니다. 따라서 다른 사람들이 해당 정보를 읽고, 수집하고, 사용할 수 있습니다. 예를 들어, 제품이나 서비스 평가 의견과 함께 이메일 주소를 게시하면, 다른 등록 사용자로부터 원치 않는 메시지를 받을 수 있습니다. 당사는 사용자의 게시물을 읽는 사람이나 사용자가 자발적으로 게시하는 정보로 다른 사용자가 할 수 있는 것을 통제하지 않으므로, 개인정보를 게시할 때는 주의하시기 바랍니다.  당사는 사용자의 평가 의견과 함께 이름을 게시하기 위해 사용자의 동의를 얻습니다.
페이스북의 사용.
현재 ID.me 사용자로 등록되지 않은 상태에서 "페이스북 사용 로그인"을 클릭하면, 먼저 페이스북 사용자명과 비밀번호로 페이스북에 로그인하라는 표시가 나옵니다.  페이스북에 로그인하면 페이스북 이름과 이메일 주소 및 성별을 사용하여 ID.me에 등록하고 가입하는 옵션이 제공됩니다.  더 이상 페이스북 이메일을 사용하여 당사의 서비스에 로그인하고 싶지 않으면, 페이스북을 통해 해당 설정을 조정할 수 있습니다. 페이스북을 통한 로그인 기능을 사용하면 페이스북의 개인정보 보호정책과 관행에 따라야 합니다. Id.me은 페이스북의 개인정보 취급 방침에 대해 책임이 없으며, 페이스북은 본 개인정보 보호정책을 준수할 의무가 없습니다. 페이스북 로그인 기능을 사용하기 전에 사용자는 페이스북 개인정보 보호 정책과 관행을 살펴봐야 합니다. 또한, 당사는 페이스북을 사용하여 당사의 웹사이트와 서비스 사용자를 더 잘 이해하고, 사용자와 당사의 서비스에 대해 소통할 수 있습니다.  예컨대 당사는 이 기능을 통해 당사 웹사이트에서 페이스북 기능으로 등록 과정을 완료하지 않은 사용자에게 이를 알려줄 수 있습니다.   광고회사와 소통하는 방법에 관한 자세한 내용은 4번 항목과 쿠키 정책을 참조하십시오.
캘리포니아 주민에 대한 개인정보 보호 권리 고지.
캘리포니아 법률에 따르면, 캘리포니아 온라인 개인정보 보호법(이하 "법")과 캘리포니아 사업 및 직업법에 의거하여 사용자에게 개인정보 보호 권리에 관한 요약본을 제공해야 합니다.  법에 따라 필요한 경우 웹사이트를 통해 수집하는 개인정보의 범주와, 사용자의 요청에 따라 직접 마케팅 목적으로 해당 개인정보를 공유할 수 있는 제삼자의 범주를 사용자에게 제공합니다. 캘리포니아 법률에 의거 당사는 사용자의 요청에 따라 (1) 수집하는 개인정보의 범주와 해당 정보를 공유하는 제삼자, (2) 제삼자의 이름과 주소, (3) 해당 회사가 판매하는 제품의 예 등을 알려줘야 합니다. 또한 이 법에 따라 사용자는 당사가 해당 정보를 공유하기를 원하지 않는 사람을 통제할 수 있습니다.  이러한 정보를 얻으려면, 아래에 나오는 이메일 주소나 우편 주소로 연락해 요청하시기 바랍니다.  당사에 연락하실 때 본인의 이름과 우편 및 이메일 주소와 함께 제휴사나 마케팅 파트너와의 공유를 원하지 않는 개인정보를 명시하십시오. 요청서는 법무부서에서 확인할 수 있도록 "캘리포니아 고객 선택 고지"라고 표시해서 보내셔야 합니다.  답변을 받으려면 30일 정도 걸립니다.  개인정보 공유를 통제하거나 본 통지를 요청하는 데 비용은 들지 않습니다.
국제 사용자: 유럽​경제지역(EEA)의 사용자
본 웹사이트는 미국에서 호스팅됩니다. 미국 이외의 지역에서 웹사이트에 접속하는 사용자는 미국 법률이 아닌, 개인정보 수집, 사용 및 공개를 규제하는 법률이나 규정에 따라 본인의 개인정보와 기타 개인 데이터를 미국으로 이전하고 있는 것입니다. 미국은 다른 지역과 동일한 데이터 보호법이 적용되지 않습니다. 웹사이트에 사용자의 정보를 제공함으로써 본 개인정보 보호정책과 서비스 약관에 따라 본인의 정보를 처리하고 관리하기 위해 해당 정보를 미국으로 전송하는 데 동의합니다.  본 항목에서 별도로 명시하지 않는 한, 웹사이트와 ID.me 서비스와 관련된 모든 사안에서 델라웨어 법률의 적용을 받고 미국 연방 법률의 규제에 따른다는 데 동의합니다.
EEA 지역 사용자:
사용자는 유럽 법률에 따라 개인 데이터의 이용과 수정, 변경, 삭제, 사용 제한을 요구할 권리를 포함하여 해당 데이터에 대해 특정한 권리를 갖습니다. 이러한 권리를 행사하려면 help@id.me로 연락하십시오. 사용자는 거주하는 회원국의 관련 감독당국에 불만사항을 제기할 권리도 가지고 있습니다.      또한, 유럽 법률의 목적상 당사는 사용자와의 계약을 이행(예: 캐시백 보상 제공, 신원 증명)하거나 위에 명시된 당사의 합법적인 사업 영리를 추구(예: 다이렉트 마케팅 지원, 사기행위 방지)하기 위해 사용자의 동의 아래 사용자의 정보를 처리하고 개인 데이터를 제어합니다. 앞서 논의된 바와 같이, 당사는 서비스를 제공하기 위해 사용자의 일부 정보를 미국으로 이전할 수 있습니다.  미국은 사용자의 개인정보를 보호하는 동일한 수준의 데이터 보호법을 가지고 있지 않으므로 유럽연합 집행위원회가 승인한 표준 계약 조항을 사용하거나 적합한 안전 조치를 적용하는 다른 방식을 채택함으로써 유럽연합 법률을 준수합니다.
12. 문의 연락처
새로운 고객이나 오랜 고객, 레스토랑 소유주, 마케팅 담당자, 게시자, 미디어 회원, 구직자 등을 막론하고 당사는 누구와도 연락하며 여러분의 소중한 의견을 듣고 싶습니다!
회사 주소
ID.me, Inc.
McLean, VA 22102
저작권 © 2018 ID.me, Inc. 모든 권리가 보호됩니다.
ในกรณีที่มีความแตกต่างระหว่างนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ในฉบับที่ไม่ใช่ภาษาอังกฤษและฉบับภาษาอังกฤษ ฉบับภาษาอังกฤษ (ซึ่งอยู่ที่ https://www.id.me/privacy ) จะมีผลเหนือกว่าทุกประการ
McLean, VA 22102
ลิขสิทธิ์ © 2018 ID.me, Inc. สงวนลิขสิทธิ์
Sa kaganapan ng anumang pagkakaiba sa pagitan ng isang di-Ingles na bersyon ng Patakaran sa Pagkapribado at sa Ingles na bersyon ng Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito, ang Ingles na bersyon (makikita sa https://www.id.me/privacy ) ay mangingibabaw sa lahat ng bagay.
Ang Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito ay nagsisiwalat ng mga kasanayan sa pagkapribado para sa Serbisyo at Website ng ID.me (matatagpuan sa www.ID.me, ang moblie application ng ID.me, o mga elemento ng plataporma ng teknolohiya ng ID.me gaya ng mga widget ng kaanib na grupo) na nasa mga website ng mga kliyente nito). Ang anumang mga termino na hindi tinukoy sa Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito ay tinukoy sa aming Mga Termino ng Serbisyo. Ang ID.me, Inc., ang tagapagbigay ng Serbisyo at Website (tinutukoy bilang "tayo" o "kami"), ay nangangako na poprotektahan ang pagkapribado ng mga indibidwal na nagna-navigate sa, o kung hindi man ay gumagamit ng Serbisyo at/o Website (mula ngayon, "mga user o "ikaw"). Ang Serbisyo at Website ay naglalaan sa mga user ng isang simple at ligtas na paraan upang beripikahin nang malayo ang kanilang mga pagkakakilanlan at kinaaaniban (hal., mga beterano, unang tagatugon, at mga miyembro ng iba pang mga itinalagang grupo) minsan, at pagkatapos ay ibahagi ang kanilang pagkakakilanlan at nauugnay na mga katangian sa kanilang pagpapasya sa mga partido na umaasa sa mga beripikasyon na ito gamit ang account na ID.me. Bilang karagdagan, maaaring ma-access mga nakarehistrong user ("Mga Miyembro") ang ilang mga eksklusibong benepisyo, kabilang ang walang limitasyon, kasunduan, diskwento, mga cash back rebate at trabaho at mga pagkakataong pang-edukasyon, na inaalok ng mga kalahok na tagatingi, mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo, mga employer o mga administrador ng benepisyo. Sa sandaling napatunayan, ang ID.me account ay magsisilbi bilang isang portable, solong digital na pagkakakilanlan na maaaring gamitin ng mga user para lumikha ng isang account sa isang kalahok na website ng ikatlong partido, at paunang lagyan ang account na iyon ng impormasyon ng user at, pagkatapos, i-access ang mga kalakal, serbisyo, mga gantimpala at o mga benepisyo ng mas malawak na network ng mga kalahok na website (kabilang ang mga tagatingi, mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo, mga employer, mga administrador ng benepisyo, atbp.). Bilang bahagi ng proseso ng pagpaparehistro, ang mga user ay kinakailangang magsumite ng tiyak na impormasyon sa ID.me nang sa gayon ay maaari naming beripikahin ang pagkakakilanlan ng user, grupo na kinaaniban at tukuyin ang pagsunod sa iba pang pamantayan sa pagiging karapat-dapat. maaaring piliin ng mga user kung anong tiyak na impormasyon (personal na impormasyon at iba pang mga anyo ng impormasyon gaya ng inilarawan na mas detalyadong sa ibaba) ay konektado sa kanilang ID.me account, at anumang oras ay maaaring bawiin ang access ng ID.me sa gayong impormasyon. Sa paggawa nito, makokontrol ng mga user kung gaano karaming impormasyon ang ibinabahagi sa ibang mga website na kaugnay sa Serbisyo ng ID.me. Sa mga tiyak na kaso, mas maraming impormasyon na ibinahagi ang user, mas maraming gantimpala at benepisyo, gaya ng mga kasunduan, diskwento, cash back rebate at trabaho at mga pagkakataong pang-edukasyon, ang user ay maaaring maging karapat-dapat na makatanggap, gaya ng higit pang inilarawan sa aming Mga Termino ng Serbisyo (https: // www.id.me/terms).  Bilang karagdagan, maaaring kailanganin ng tiyak na mga nakikilahok na website na maglaan ang user ng tiyak, pinakamababang antas ng impormasyon at ang desisyon ng user na hindi maglaan ng gayon ay maaaring makaapekto sa kanyang pagiging karapat-dapat para sa mahusay na saklaw, serbisyo, o benepisyong iniaalok. Para maiwasan ang anumang pagkalito, dapat maunawaan ng mga user na, habang kami ang nagmamay-ari at nagpapatakbo sa Serbisyo at Website at ilang tiyak na iba pang mga website (hal., TroopSwap.com), hindi kami ang nagmamay-ari o nagpapatakbo mga ng website na pag-aari at pinatatakbo ng mga ikatlong partido na maaaring kumuha ng kanilang ID.me na Serbisyo (magkakasamang tinutukoy mula ngayon bilang "Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido.") Nilalayon ng Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito na ipagbigay-alam sa mga user ang tungkol sa aming pagkolekta, paggamit, pag-iimbak, at pagsisiwalat, pagsisira at pagtatapon ng impormasyon na aming nakolekta o naitala dahil sa paglalaan ng Website at ng ID.me na Serbisyo. Mangyaring tandaan, hindi kami mananagot para sa mga kasanayan sa pagkapribado ng Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido at wala silang obligasyon na sumunod sa Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito. Bago bisitahin ang Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido, at bago maglaan ng ID.me Account o anumang iba pang impormasyon sa alinmang ibang partido na nagpapatakbo o nag-a-anunsiyo sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido, dapat na repasuhin ng mga user ang patakaran sa pagkapribado at mga kasanayan ng website na iyon upang matukoy kung paano pangangasiwaan ang impormasyon na nakolekta mula sa mga user. Mangyaring higit na tandaan, depende sa partikular na pakikipag-ugnayan ng user sa amin (hal., mga user na nagna-navigate lamang sa Website kumpara sa mga user na gumawa ng account at ginamit ang Serbisyong ID.me sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido), maaaring ilapat ang iba't-ibang bahagi ng patakarang ito sa iba't ibang pagkakataon. Mangyaring basahing mabuti ang Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito. Maliban kung itinatakda ng batas, sa pag-access o paggamit ng Website, kinikilala mo na iyong binasa, naunawaan, at sinang-ayunan na masakop ng lahat ng mga termino ng Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito at Termino ng Serbisyo ng Website. Kung hindi ka sumasang-ayon sa mga terminong ito, mangyaring huwag i-access o gamitin ang Serbisyo o ang Website.
1. Mga Pagbabago sa Patakaran sa Pagkapribado
Kung magpasya kaming baguhin ang Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito, ipapaskil namin ang mga pagbabagong iyon sa pahinang ito upang sa gayon ay magkaroon ka ng kamalayan sa kung naong impormasyon ang aming kinokolekta, kung paano namin ito ginagamit, at sa ilalim ng anong mga pagkakataon, kung mayroon, namin ito isinisiwalat. Reserbado namin ang karapatan na baguhin ang Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito anumang oras, kaya mangyaring repasuhin ito ng madalas. Kapag nagsagawa kami ng materyal na pagbabago sa patakarang ito, ipababatid namin sa iyo dito, sa pamamagitan ng email, o sa pamamagitan ng abiso sa aming home page.
2. Mga Uri ng Impormasyon na Kinokolekta at Mga Gamit ng Kinolektang Impormasyon
Kinokolekta namin ang impormasyon mula sa mga user sa dalawang paraan:
Impormasyon na Iyong Inilaan sa Amin. Kinokolekta namin ang ilang personal na Impormasyon na iyong pinahintulutan. Kapag nagparehistro ka upang makakuha ng ID.me account at gamitin ang Serbisyong ID.me, hihilingin sa iyo na magbigay ng tiyak na impormasyon nang sa gayon ay maberipika namin ang iyong pagkakakilanlan at mga katangian ng iyong pagkakakilanlan kabilang ang, ngunit hindi limitado sa, pagiging miyembro sa mga grupong kinaaaniban (hal., militar, unang tagatugon , mag-aaral, beterano, atbp.), mga account sa social media, mga antas sa edukasyon, at mga propesyonal na sertipikasyon.
Ang "Personal na impormasyon" ay impormasyon na tumutukoy sa isang tiyak na indibidwal, kabilang, walang limitasyon, pangalan at apelyido, adres ng tirahan, e-mail address (kabilang ang, walang limitasyon, .mil e-mail address), numero ng telepono, numero ng social security, at petsa ng kapanganakan.
Bilang karagdagan, hihingin sa iyo na maglaan ng tiyak na impormasyon o dokumentasyon mula sa mga organisasyon at mga awtoridad sa pagpaparehistro gaya ng mga ahensya ng gobyerno, mga network ng telekomunikasyon, mga tanggapan ng credit card, mga pinansiyal na institusyon, o mga katulad na mga awtorisadong ahente na may access sa iyong mga kredensyal sa kinaanibang grupo, mga militar na rekord (na ay maaaring ring maglaman ng personal na impormasyon), ang numero ng social security ng iyong asawa o pangunahing miyembero ng pamilya, pagiging kaanib sa militar, mga petsa ng pagiging aktibo at reserbadong tungkulin sa serbisyo, at impormasyon na may kaugnayan sa iyong mga account sa mga pinansiyal na institusyon.
Ginagamit namin ang impormasyon na iyong inilaan sa amin bilang bahagi ng Serbisyo ng ID.me, para patunayan ang iyong pagkakakilanlan at ang iyong pagiging karapat-dapat na ma-access ang mga benepisyo kabilang ang ilang mga kasunduan, mga cash back reward, mga alok o mga pagkakataon na inaalok ng Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido na nakakondisyon sa ilang mga kinakailangan sa pagiging karapat-dapat.
Bilang karagdagan sa paggamit ng iyong personal na impormasyon para ilaan ang Serbisyong ID.me, ginagamit din namin ang impormasyong ito para i-troubleshoot, lutasin ang pagtutol, gamapanan ang aming mga administratibong gawain, makipag-ugnay sa iyo, ipatupad ang aming mga kasunduan sa iyo, kabilang ang MgaTermino ng Serbisyo ng Website at angPatakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito, sumunod sa naaangkop na batas, at makipagtulungan sa mga aktibidad sa pagpapatupad ng batas.
Bukod dito, ginagamit namin ang impormasyong ito para i-audit ang iyong pagiging karapat-dapat (hal., grupong kinaaaniban gaya ng aktibong katungkulan sa militar o mag-aaral na katayuan); para i-audit ang mga account ng user para sa panloloko sa pamamagitan ng, halimbawa, na pagbiberipika na naihatid sa nakarehistrong mga address ng user ang mga pinamili; at para maiwasan ang pagkadoble ng mga ID.me account mula sa paggawa na may parehong impormasyon. Ang impormasyon na Awtomatiko naming Kinokolekta. Kapag binisita mo ang aming Website, angID.me at ang aming awtorisadong tagapagbigay ng serbisyo na ikatlong partido mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo at mga tagapag-anunsiyo (kabilang ang mga kumpanya na nag-a-anunsiyo sa aming Website o sa aming mga materyales sa marketing, na tinutukoy bilang "Mga tagapag-anunsiyo"), awtomatikong mangongolekta ng impormasyon gaya ng Uniform Resource Locator ("URL" ) ng website na iyong binisita bago pumasok sa Website, ang URL ng website na iyong binisita matapos umalis sa Website, ang uri ng browser na iyong ginagamit, ang iyong adres ng iyong Internet Protocol ("IP"), trabaho, wika, natatanging tagatukoy na aparato, humigit-kumulang na heyograpikong lokasyon, at time zone (pinagsama-sama, "awtomatikong nakolekta impormasyon"). Ang ganitong uri ng koleksyon ay ginagawa sa pamamagitan ng paggamit ng mga elektronikong kasangkapan tulad ng mga cookie at mga web beacon o mga pixel tag o mga kakayahan batay sa lokasyon sa iyong mobile device at karagdagang inilarawan sa Seksyon 4 at 9 sa ibaba.
Ginagamit namin ang impormasyon sa itaas para i-troubleshoot, pangasiwaan ang Website, pag-aralan ang takbo, magtipon ng demograpikong impormasyon, sumunod sa naaangkop na batas, at makipagtulungan sa mga aktibidad sa pagpapatupad ng batas. Ibinahagi rin namin ang impormasyong ito sa aming mga awtorisadong tagapagbigay ng serbisyo na ikatlong partido at Mga Tagapag-anunsiyo para sukatin ang pagiging epektibo sa pangkalahatan ng aming online na pag-a-anunsiyo, nilalaman, at programming. Sa mga ilang limitadong pagkakataon, pinagsasama namin ang awtomatikong nakolektang impormasyon sa iba pang mga tagapagpakilala, na maaaring personal na makikilala, upang kumpirmahin ang iyong pagkakakilanlan bilang bahagi ng proseso ng pagbiberipika ng ID.me. Halimbawa, maaari naming pagsamahin ang tinatayang heograpikong lokasyon na nakuha mula sa isang mobile device ng user at itugma ito sa impormasyon ng adres ng user na boluntaryong isinumite sa Website para kumpirmahin ang pagkakakilanlan ng user at maiwasan ang panlolokong gawi.
Upang mas mahusay na mapaglingkuran ang mga miyembro ng Sandatahang Lakas ng Amerika at iba pang tauhan na saklaw ng Service Members Civil Relief Act (SCRA) (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et. seq.) *, Ang ID.me ay naglalaan ng mga kumpanya ng serbisyong pinansiyal at Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido upang pangasiwaan ang kanilang pagsunod sa mga probisyon ng SCRA. Sa pagsali sa ID.me, sumasang-ayon ka na maaaring gamitin ng ID.me ang iyong personal na impormasyon upang tulungan ang mga pinansiyal na serbisyo ng mga kumpanya at Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido sa pagtukoy sa iyo o sa pagiging karapat-dapat ng miyembro ng iyong pamilya sa mga benepisyo at proteksyon ng SCRA. Maaaring gamitin ng ID.me sa pana-panahon ang iyong personal na impormasyon para kumpirmahin ang iyong pagiging karapat-dapat o pagiging karapat-dapat ng miyembro ng iyong pamilya sa ibang pagkakataon sa panahon na ipagbibigay-alam sa mga ikatlong partido ang anumang mga pagbabago sa iyong katayuan sa pagiging karapat-dapat sa SCRA. Maaring kasama sa pinagmulan ng impormasyong ito, ngunit hindi limitado sa mga magagamit na pampublikong website, pisikal na dokumentasyon, impormasyong pinansiyal, network ng ID.me o mga ikatlong partido na may kontratwal na kaugnayan sa ID.me.
*Kabilang sa saklaw ng mga serbisyong SCRA ng ID.me ang lahat ng mga indibidwal na protektado ng SCRA (kabilang halimbawa, ang Hukbo ng Estados Unidos, Hukbong Panghimpapawid, Tanod Baybayin, Pulutong Pandagat, at Hukbong-dagat na serbisyo ng mga miyembro sa aktibong tungkulin (at para sa isang tiniyak na tagal ng panahon matapos ang mapatalsik) , kabilang ang mga reserbista, mga miyembro ng National Guard at Air National Guard na isinaaktibo para sa tungkulin, at mga aktibo sa serbisyo na mga komisyonadong opisyal ng Serbisyo sa Pampublikong Kalusugan at National Oceanic at Atmospheric Administration, at, kung naaangkop ayon sa mga batas at regulasyon ng pederal o estado, ang mga dependent at mga miyembro ng pamilya ng isang indibidwal na protektado sa ilalim ng SCRA).
3. Paglalabas ng Impormasyon na Inilaan ng User
Hindi namin ibinabahagi, ibinibenta, nirerentahan, o ipinakikipagpalitan ang iyong personal na impormasyon sa ibang mga partido, maliban upang beripikahin ang iyong pagkakakilanlan at pagiging karapat-dapat para sa mga tinukoy na programa at benepisyo o sa pagtanggap ng iyong pahintulot gaya ng inilaan sa ibaba:
Ibabahagi namin ang iyong personal na impormasyon sa mga nilalang na kinakailangan upang patunayan ang iyong account na ID.me at ibigay ang Serbisyo sa ID.me sa iyo.
Upang beripikahin ang iyong pagkakakilanlan at pagiging karapat-dapat na makatanggap ng mga diskwento, mga cash back rebate at iba pang mga benepisyo mula sa mga mangangalakal at iba pang mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo, ibibigay namin ang iyong personal na impormasyon sa mga ikatlong partido gaya ng mga ahensya ng gobyerno, mga network ng telekomunikasyon, mga institusyong pinansyal o iba pang pinagkakatiwalaan at maaasahang pinagmumulan ng impormasyon. Ang aming pagkakaloob ng iyong personal na impormasyon sa mga nabanggit na mga partido ay upang beripikahin lamang ang iyong pagkakakilanlan at pagiging karapat-dapat para sa Serbisyong ID.me. Nakapagtatag kami ng mga ugnayan at protocol na may kinikilalang mga awtoridad sa pagpaparehistro tulad ng mga entidad na inilarawan sa itaas (ang "Mga Awtoridad sa Pagpaparehistro"), upang ang anumang paghahatid ng personal na impormasyon na iyong ibinigay sa amin ay isasagawa gamit ang mga pangunahing tool sa pag-encrypt ng industriya, na idinisenyo para protektahan ang gayong impormasyon mula sa hindi awtorisadong pag-access.
Sa pamamagitan ng pagbibigay ng anumang personal na impormasyon sa amin, pinapahintulutan mo ang ID.me upang magbigay ng naturang impormasyon sa Mga Awtoridad sa Pagpaparehistro at iba pang pinagkakatiwalaang mga entity upang ma-verify ang iyong pagkakakilanlan at pagiging karapat-dapat upang makatanggap ng mga diskwento, mga cash back rebate at mga benepisyo.
Ibabahagi namin ang ilang personal na impormasyon na nakatali sa iyong ID.me account (kabilang ang Programang ID.me Cash Back) na may Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido kung saan binibigyan mo kami ng pahintulot na gawin iyon.  Pinagkalooban mo sa amin ang pahintulot na ito sa pamamagitan ng pagrerehistro sa Website at paggamit ng iyong account na ID.me para ma-access, magrehistro sa, mag-subscribe para sa at kung hindi ay gamitin ang Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido. Hindi namin ibinabahagi ang iyong personal na impormasyon sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido na wala ang iyong pahintulot. Gayunpaman mangyaring tandaan na, sa pamamagitan ng paggamit ng iyong ID.me account sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido, ikaw ay hayagang nagpapahintulot sa amin na ibahagi ang tiyak na personal na impormasyong nakatali sa iyong ID.me account sa gayong mga Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido.
Ang Serbiyong ID.me ay nilayon para pahintulutan kang gumawa ng pagiging miyembro o profile sa isang Website ng Ikatlong Partido at makisali sa transaksyon sa Website ng Ikatlong Partido sa pamamagitan ng awtomatikong paglilipat ng personal na impormasyon na nakatali sa iyong ID.me account. Ang paglilipat ng personal na impormasyong ito ay kinakailangan upang beripikahin ang iyong pagiging karapat-dapat na makatanggap ng mga benepisyo o diskwento mula sa iba't-ibang mga organisasyon, at upang ipakipag-ugnayan ang gayong pagiging karapat-dapat sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido. Ang impormasyon na ibinabahagi ng ID.me sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido ay lilimitahan sa personal na impormasyon na, sa sariling pagpapasya ng ID.me, ay ipinapalagay na kinakailangan para makumpleto ang mga transaksyon na inilarawan dito. Magkakaroon ka ng pagkakataon na repasuhin ang impormasyong kinakailangan para makumpleto ang transaksyon bago ilabas ang iyong impormasyon sa Website ng Ikatlong Partido. Kung wala ang iyong hayagang pahintulot, hindi magbibigay ang ID.me ng access sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido sa anumang impormasyon na nakatali sa iyong ID.me account. Sa paggamit ng Serbisyong ID.me, may kakayahan ang mga user na kontrolin kung aling Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido ang paglalaanan ng kanilang personal na impormasyon. Hindi namin ibabahagi ang personal na impormasyon ng user sa Website ng Ikatlong Partido maliban kung pinahihintulutan ng user ang gayong pagbabahagi sa pamamagitan ng paggamit ng kanyang ID.me account para magrehistro sa Website ng Ikatlong Partido o na pahintulutan ang pag-access ng Website ng Ikatlong Partido sa kanyang impormasyon.
Ibinahagi namin ang iyong impormasyon sa mga awtorisadong third party service provider.
Naglalaan kami ng ilang mga tiyak na serbisyo at produkto ng Website sa pamamagitan ng mga ikatlong partido na tagapagbigay ng serbisyo. Ang mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyong ito ay nagsasagawa ng mga tungkulin para sa amin, gaya ng pagpapadala at pamamahagi ng aming mga administratibo at promosyonal na email. Maaari naming ibahagi ang iyong personal na impormasyon sa mga gayong mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo upang alisin ang paulit-ulit na impormasyon sa mga listahan ng kostumer, pag-aralan ang datos, maglaan ng tulong sa pagmemerkado, magbigay ng mga resulta ng paghahanap at mga link, proseso ng mga credit card na pagbabayad, patakbuhin ang Website, pagto-troubleshoot, at paglalaan ng serbisyo sa kostumer. Maaari rin kaming mangolekta ng personal na impormasyon mula sa mga indibidwal at kumpanya na kung saan kami ay may kontraktwal na mga relasyon sa negosyo ("mga kaanib"). Gayunpaman, hindi namin pinagkalooban ang mga entidad na ito ng anumang mga karapatang gamitin, at tinatakdaan sila ng kontrata mula sa paggamit, ng anumang impormasyon para sa anumang layunin maliban sa pagbibigay ng mga serbisyo sa amin at sa iyo.
impormasyon sa isang paglipat ng negosyo.
Tulad ng anumang ibang negosyo, maaari kaming makipagsanib sa, o mabili ng, ibang kumpanya, o maaari naming maghain para sa proteksyon sa ilalim ng mga naaangkop na batas sa pagkabangkarote sa hinaharap. Sa gayong pangyayari, ang impormasyon ng mga user na nakuha at pinananatili ng Id.me, kabilang ang personal na impormasyon, ay ililipat sa kapalit na entidad na may kaugnayan sa pagsasanib ng korporasyon, pagpapatatag, pagbebenta ng mga asset, pagkabangkarote, o iba pang pagbabago ng korporasyon. Ang impormasyon ng user na isinumite bago ang anumang gayong paglilipat ay mananatiling napapailalim sa termino ng Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito (sapagkat ito ay umiiral sa petsa ng pagsusumite). Gayunpaman, ang impormasyon na isinumite ng user pagkatapos ng paglipat sa kahaliling entidad ay maaaring sumailalim sa isang bagong Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na pinagtibay ng kahaliling entidad.
Maaari naming ibahagi ang iyong impormasyon para sa aming proteksyon at proteksyon ng iba.
Reserbado namin ang karapatang ibunyag ang iyong personal na impormasyon gaya ng iniaatas ng batas at kapag naniniwala kami na kinakailangan ang pagsisiwalat upang protektahan ang aming mga karapatan at/o sumunod sa isang hudisyal na pamamaraan, utos ng hukuman, o legal na proseso na ipinaglingkod sa aming Website; ipatupad o ilapat ang Patakaran sa Pagkapribado, ang aming Termino ng Serbisyo ng Website o iba pang mga kasunduan; o pagsisiyasat, pagpigil, o pagsasagawa ng pinaghihinalaan o aktwal na mga ipinagbabawal na aktibidad, kabilang ngunit hindi limitado sa, pandaraya at mga sitwasyon na may kinalaman sa mga potensyal na banta sa pisikal na kaligtasan ng sinumang tao o para maiwasan ang pinansiyal na kalugihan sa sinumang tao o entidad; o kung hindi man ay protektahan ang karapatan, ari-arian o kaligtasan ng Website, mga user nito o iba pa.
4. Paglalabas ng Impormasyon sa Pag-aanunsiyo
Maaari naming isiwalat o ibahagi ang di-personal na impormasyon sa mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo at mga kaanib. Halimbawa, maaari naming ibahagi ang pinagsama-samang demograpikong impormasyon (na hindi naglalaman ng anumang personal na impormasyon) sa Mga Tagapag-anunsiyo o mga kumpanya sa pag-a-anunsiyo (mga kumpanya na tumutulong sa amin na ihatid ang aming mga paanunsiyo o "Mga Kumpanya sa Pag-aanunsiyo") at iba pang mga partido gaya ng inilaan sa ibaba:
Maaari naming gamitin ang Mga Kumpanya ng Pag-aanunsiyo upang maghatid ng mga ad kapag binisita mo ang aming Website o bilang bahagi ng aming mga mensahe sa pagmemerkado. Maaaring gumamit  ang mga kumpanyang ito ng impormasyon tungkol sa iyong mga pagbisita dito at sa iba pang mga website upang maglaan, sa pamamagitan ng paggamit ng mga tag ng network, mga pag-a-anunsiyo tungkol sa mga kalakal at serbisyo na maaaring maging interesado ka. Ang ilan sa mga Kumpanya ng Pag-aanunsiyo na ito ay maaaring mga network ng pag-a-anunsiyo na mga miyembro ng Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") o Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA"). Kung nais mo ng higit pang impormasyon tungkol sa mga network na ito, o nais na balewalain ang naka-target na pag-a-anunisyo mula sa miyembro ng kanilang mga kumpanya, mangyaring bisitahin sa pag-click dito: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp, o mag-click sa Icon na YouAdChoices. Ginagamit din namin ang mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo para subaybayan at pag-aralan ang di-kilalang paggamit at dami ng estatistikong impormasyon mula sa aming mga user upang mangasiwa sa aming Website at patuloy na mapabuti ang kalidad nito. Maaari rin naming ilathala ang impormasyong ito para sa mga promosyunal na layunin o bilang isang kinatawan ng madla para sa Mga Tagapag-anunsiyo. Pakitandaan na hindi ito personal na impormasyon gaya ng tinukoy sa itaas, pangkalahatang buod lamang ito ng mga aktibidad ng aming mga user. Ang gayong mga datos ay kinolekta sa aming ngalan at pagmamay-ari at ginagamit namin.
5. Pag-a-update at Pagwawasto ng Impormasyon
Naniniwala kami na dapat kang magkaroon ng kakayahang ma-access at mai-edit ang personal na impormasyon na inilaan mo sa amin. Maaari mong baguhin ang anuman sa iyong personal na impormasyon sa pamamagitan ng pag-log in sa iyong account at pag-access sa seksyon na "aking account" ng site. Maaari mong i-update ang iyong personal na impormasyon sa pamamagitan ng pagpapadala sa amin ng email sa help@id.me o sumulat sa amin sa 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102. Mangyaring ilagay ang iyong pangalan, adres at email address, at kung anong impormasyon ang nais mong i-update kapag nakikipag-ugnay ka sa amin.
Hinihikayat ka namin na agad na i-update ang iyong personal na impormasyon kung nabago ang mga iyon. Maaari mong hilingin na burahin o alisin ang impormasyon sa iyong account; gayunpaman, maaari naming subaybayan ang tiyak naimpormasyon kung kinakailangan ng batas. Bilang karagdagan, maaaring imposible para sa amin na ganap na burahin ang lahat ng iyong impormasyon dahil sa aming mga back-up na proseso, ngunit gagamitin namin ang mga makatuwirang pagsisikap sa komersyo upang protektahan ang mga gayong backup hanggang sa mawasak namin ang iyong impormasyon.
6. Pagprotekta at Pagwasak sa Personal na Impormasyon
Hindi namin pananatilihin ang alinman sa iyong personal na impormasyon na mas matagal kaysa sa kinakailangan.
Ang personal na impormasyon ay pananatilihin hanggang sa matupad namin ang mga legal, kontraktwal at mga obligasyon sa patakaran.  Sa kasalukuyan, para matupad ang mga obligasyong ito, ang aming patakaran sa pagpapanatili ay ang tagal ng iyong account sa ID.me dagdagan ng limang taon.  Kung sa kaganapan na hindi na magagamit ang mga serbisyo ng ID.me, ang ID.me ay magsasagawa ng makatuwirang pagsisikap sa komersyo sa loob ng kakayahan nito para protektahan at/o ligtas na wawasakin ang iyong personal na impormasyon alinsunod sa naaangkop na lehislasyon.
Habang pinanghahawakan namin ang iyong personal na impormasyon, gumagamit kami ng aprubadong pamamaraan ng pag-encrypt na kinikilala ng industriya upang protektahan ito mula sa hindi awtorisadong pag-access.  Gayundin, kapag winasak namin ang iyong personal na impormasyon, gumagamit kami ng mga pamamaraan na kinikilala ng industriya para gawin ang gayong pagsira.
7. Mga Pagpipilian ng User sa Koleksyon at Paggamit ng Impormasyon
Ang desisyon na ibahagi ang mga tiyak na item ng iyong personal na Impormasyon sa Serbisyong ID.me (at, kung naaangkop, sa Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido) ay sa iyo at sa iyo lamang. Maaari mong piliin na ilaan ang lahat o ilan lamang sa Impormasyon na hiniling ng Website sa panahon ng proseso ng pagpaparehistro, at sa anumang oras, maaari kang magpasiya na tanggalin ang ilan sa Impormasyon na dati mong inilaan. Gayunpaman, kapag tumanggi ka na maglaan ng alinman sa impormasyon sa itaas, maaaring hindi ka makapagrehistro para sa isang ID.me Account o ma-access ang ilang mga benepisyo ng Serbisyong ID.me (kabilang ang ilang mga kasunduan, cash back reward, mga alok o oportunidad na iniaalok ng Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido na nakakondisyon sa ilang mga tiyak na kinakailangan sa pagiging karapat-dapat).
Maliban na lamang kung inilaan dito, kung ikaw ay nagparehistro para sa account na may, o nag-log in, ang Serbisyong ID.me, kabilang ang ID.me Marketplace, ay hayagan kang sumasang-ayon na makatanggap ng mga e-mail (katulad ng, Mga Administratibong Email at Mga Promosyonal na Email, gaya tinukoy sa ibaba) mula sa amin sa email address na ibinigay mo.  Gayunpaman, hindi ka namin papadalhan ng Mga Promosyonal na Email kung nag-sign up ka sa pamamagitan ng Website ng Ikatlong Partido, maliban kung tahasan mong ipinahintulot na makatanggap ng gayong mga email o hiwalay kang nagparehistro o nag-log in bilang isang user ng Serbisyo ID.me, kabilang ang ID.me Marketplace.
"Mga Administratibong Email" kaugnay sa aktibidad ng user sa Serbisyong ID.me, at kabilang ang mga email tungkol sa account ng user, ang mga kahilingan o mga katanungan ng user ng user, naipon na cash back rebate, at pagbili ng mga produkto at serbisyo. "Mga Promosyonal na Email" advertise ang aming mga produkto at serbisyo, kabilang ang mga benta at iba pang mga nag-aalok ng Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido, tulad ng Cash Back Rebate mga pag-promote, trabaho at pang-edukasyon na pagkakataon, at / o mga produkto at serbisyo ng aming Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido, mga third party service provider at mga kaanib.
Hindi mo maaaring balewalain ang Mga Administratibong Email.  Gayunpaman, mayroon kang kakayahang na balewalain ang pagtanggap ng Mga Promosyonal na Email.
Kung nais mong balewalain ang pagtanggap sa Mga Promosyonal na Email mula sa amin, dapat  kang mag-e-mail sa amin sa feedback@id.me, sumulat sa amin sa adres na nakapaloob dito, o i-click ang "unsubscribe" na pindutan sa ilalim ng alinman sa aming mga e -mail at kumpletuhin ang anumang mga karagdagang hakbang na kinakailangan para sa tugon dito. Kapag makikipag-ugnay sa amin, mangyaring ilagay ang iyong pangalan, adres, email address, at ilagay kung hindi mo na nais na makatanggap ng lahat o tiyak na Mga Promosyonal na Email.
8. Seguridad ng Impormasyon
Seryoso naming isinasagawa ang seguridad at nagsasagawa ng maraming pag-iingat para protektahan ang seguridad ng personal na impormasyon. Maaari mong ma-access ang iyong personal na impormasyon sa aming Website gamit ang password at ang iyong email address. Ang password na ito ay hash (upang hindi ito mababawi ngunit natatangi pa rin). Inirerekomenda namin na huwag ibinabahagi ang iyong password sa sinuman. Bilang karagdagan, ang iyong personal na impormasyon ay namamalagi sa isang ligtas na server na kung saan mga pilig tauhan at kontratista lamang ang may access. Sa kasamaang palad, walang paghahatid ng datos sa Internet o anumang wireless network ang maaaring garantisadong 100% na na magiging ligtas. Bilang resulta, habang gumagamit kami ng makatuwirang mga hakbang sa seguridad sa komersyal upang protektahan ang datos at makahanap ng kasosyo sa mga tagapagbigay ng serbisyo na ginagawa ang gayon din, hindi namin magagarantiyahan ang seguridad ng anumang impormasyon na ipinapadala sa o mula sa Website at hindi mananagot para sa mga aksyon ng anumang mga ikatlong partido na maaaring tumanggap ng anumang gayong impormasyon.
9. Pagsubaybay sa Datos
Mga Cookie.
Para mapangasiwaan at mai-customize ang iyong karanasan sa Website, iniiimbak namin ang mga cookie sa iyong computer. Ang cookie ay isang maliit na tekstong file na nakaimbak sa computer ng user para sa mga layunin ng pagpapanatili ng rekord na naglalaman ng impormasyon tungkol sa user.   Gumagamit kami ng mga cookie upang makatipid ka ng oras habang ginagamit ang Website, ipaalala sa amin kung sino ka, pangasiwaan ang mga cash back rebate, at subaybayan at magtarget ng mga interes ng user upang sa gayon ay makapagbigay ng naka-customize na karanasan. Pinapayagan din kami ng mga cookie na mangolekta ng di-personal na impormasyon mula sa iyo, tulad ng mga pahinang na iyong binisita at kung anong mga link ang iyong nai-click. Ang paggamit ng impormasyong ito ay tumutulong sa amin na lumikha ng mas maraming karanasan sa user para sa aming mga bisita sa Website. Bilang karagdagan, maaari naming gamitin ang Mga Kumpanya ng Pag-aanunsiyo upang ipakita ang mga pag-aanunsiyo sa aming Website. Bilang bahagi ng kanilang serbisyo, maaari silang maglagay ng mga hiwalay na cookie sa iyong computer. Wala kaming access o kontrol sa mga cookie na ito. Saklaw ng Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito ang paggamit ng lamang ng mga cookie ng Website at hindi saklaw ang paggamit ng mga cookie ng alinmang Website ng Ikatlong Partido, tagapagbigay ng serbisyo o kaanib. Karamihan sa mga browser ay awtomatikong tumatanggap ng mga cookie, ngunit maaari mong baguhin ang mga setting ng iyong browser upang tanggihan ang mga cookie. Pakitandaan na kapag tinanggihan mo o binura ang mga cookie na ito, ang ilang bahagi ng Website, kabilang ang aming Programang Cash Back, ay maaaring hindi gumana ng maayos.  Para sa higit pang impormasyon tungkol paggamit ng namin ng mga cookie sa aming Website, mangyaring tingnan ang aming Patakaran sa Cookie   dito  .
Iba pang Mga Pagsubaybay sa Mga Device.
Maaari kaming gumamit ng iba pang mga pamantayan sa industriya ng teknolohiya gaya ng mga tag pixel at web beacon upang subaybayan ang iyong paggamit ng aming mga pahina ng Website at promosyon, o maaari naming payagan ang aming mga tagapabigay ng serbisyo na gamitin ang mga aparato na ito para sa amin. Ang mga Pixel tag at web beacon ay mga maliliit na grapikong larawan na inilagay sa mga tiyak na pahina sa aming Website, o sa aming mga email na nagpapahintulot sa amin upang matukoy kung nagawa mo ang isang tiyak na aksyon. Kapag nag-access ka sa mga pahinang ito o binuksan o nag-click sa isang email, ang mga pixel tag at web beacon ay lumilikha ng tala ng aksyon na iyon. Pinapayagan kami ng mga tag ng pixel na sukatin at pahusayin ang aming pagkaunawa sa trapiko at gawi ng bumibisita sa aming Website, gayundin ang pagbibigay sa amin ng paraan upang masukat ang aming mga promosyon at pagganap. Maaari rin naming gamitin ang mga tag pixel at web beacon na inilaan ng aming mga kaanib at/o Mga Kasosyo sa Pagmemerkado para sa mga parehong layunin. Ang Website sa kasalukuyan ay hindi naka-configure para tumugon sa DNT o "huwag subaybayan" na mga signal mula sa mga web browser.
10. Mga Patakaran sa Pagkapribado ng Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido
Tinutugunan lamang ng Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito ang paggamit at pagsisiwalat ng impormasyon na aming nakolekta mula sa iyo at sa aming Website.  Ang iba pang mga website, kabilang ang Mga Website ng Ikatlong Partido, ay maaaring ma-access sa pamamagitan ng Website na ito na may kanilang sariling patakaran sa pagkapribado at koleksyon ng datos, paggamit at pagsisiwalat na mga kasanayan. Kapag nag-link ka sa alinman sa gayong website, hinihikayat ka namain na repasuhin ang Patakaran sa Pagkapribado ng gayong website. Hindi kami mananagot sa gayong mga patakaran o mga gawi ng ikatlong partido.
11. Iba't-ibang Mga Isyu sa Pagkapribado
Kung mayroon kang mga katanungan o reklamo patungkol sa aming patakaran sa pagkapribado o mga gawi, mangyaring makipag-ugnay sa amin sa help@id.me.
Mas Bata sa 18.
Ang mga indibidwal na wala pang 18 taong gulang ay hindi maaaring gumamit ng Website. Sadyang hindi namin kinokolekta ang personal naimpormasyon mula sa sinuman na wala pang 18 taong gulang, at walang bahagi ng Website ang idinisenyo para kuhain ang pansin ng sinumang wala pa sa edad na 18. Dahil hindi namin sinasadyang kolektahin ang anumang impormasyon mula sa mga batang wala pang 18 taong gulang, hindi rin namin sinasadyang ipamahagi ang gayong impormasyon sa mga ikatlong partido. Kung mayroon kang dahilan para paniwalaan na ang isang indibidwal na wala pang 18 taong gulang ay naglaan sa amin ng impormasyon, mangyaring makipag-ugnay sa amin sa support@id.me at kaagad naming buburahin ang gayong impormasyon, na napapailalim sa at sa pagsunod sa naaangkop na batas.
Mga Pampublikong Lugar.
Maaari kaming maglaan ng mga bahagi sa Website kung saan maaari mong ipaskil sa publiko ang impormasyon tungkol sa iyong sarili, maaaring makipag-ugnayan sa iba (gaya ng mga discussion board o blog), o maaaring repasuhin ang mga produkto, at magsumite ng midya ang nilalaman. Ang impormasyon na ito ay maaaring ma-access ng ibang mga mamimili at kumpanya, at maaaring lumitaw sa ibang mga website o mga paghahanap sa web; samakatuwid angimpormasyon ito ay maaaring mabasa, makolekta, at gamitin ng iba. Halimbawa, kapag ipinaskil mo ang iyong email address kasama ng pagrerepaso ng produkto o serbisyo, maaari kang makatanggap ng mga hindi hinihinging mensahe mula sa iba pang mga rehistradong user. Wala kaming kontrol sa kung sino ang nagbabasa ng iyong mga ipinaskil o kung ano ang maaaring gawin ng ibang mga user sa impormasyon na kusang-loob mong ipinaskil, kaya mangyaring mag-ingat kapag magpapaskil ng anumang personal na impormasyon. Humihingi kami ng pahintulot mula sa aming mga user para ipaskil ang kanilang pangalan kasama ang kanilang mga pagrerepaso.
Paggamit ng Facebook.
Kung sa kasalukuyan ay hindi ka nakarehistro bilang ID.me user at nag-click ka sa "Mag-sign in Gamit ang Facebook," hihilingin muna sa iyo na mag-log in sa Facebook gamit ang username at password ng iyong Facebook.  Pagkatapos mong mag-log in sa Facebook, bibigyan ka ng opsyon na magparehistro at sumali sa ID.me, gamit ang iyong pangalan sa Facebook, email at kasarian.  Kung hindi mo na nais na mag-log in sa aming serbisyo gamit ang iyong email sa Facebook, maaari mong ayusin ang setting na ito sa pamamagitan ng Facebook. Ang iyong paggamit ng Facebook para sa paggana sa pag-login ay sasailalim sa patakaran sa pagkapribado at mga gawi ng Facebook. Hindi mananagot ang Id.me para sa mga gawi sa pagkapribado ng Facebook at hindi obligasyon ng Facebook na sumunod sa Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito. Bago payagan ang paggana sa pag-login na ito, dapat repasuhin ng mga user ang patakaran sa pagkapribado ng at mga kasanayan ng Facebook. Bilang karagdagan, ginagamit namin ang Facebook upang higit na maunawaan ang mga user ng ng aming Website at Serbisyo, at upang makipag-ugnayan sa mga user tungkol sa aming Serbisyo.  Halimbawa, maaari naming gamitin ang tampok na ito para maglaan ng mga paalala sa mga user na hindi nakumpleto ang kanilang proseso sa pagpaparehistro sa aming Website gamit ang paggana ng Facebook na ito.  Para sa higit na impormasyon tungkol sa kung paano kami nakikipag-ugnayan sa Mga Kumpanya sa Pagaanunsiyo mangyaring tingnan ang Seksiyon 4 sa itaas at ang aming Patakaran sa Cookie
Abiso ng Mga Karapatan sa Pagkapribado sa mga Residente ng California.
Iniaatas ng batas ng California na maglaan kami sa iyo ng isang buod ng iyong mga karapatan sa pagkapribado sa ilalim ng California Online Privacy Protection Act (ang "Batas") at ang California Business and Professions Code. Gaya ng iniaatas ng Batas, maglalaan kami ng mga kategorya ng personal na impormasyon na kinokolekta namin sa pamamagitan ng Website at ang mga kategorya ng mga ikatlong partido kung kanino ibabahagi ang gayong personal na impormasyon para sa mga layunin ng direktang pagmemerkado sa iyong kahilingan. Hinihiling sa amin ng batas ng California na ipaalam sa iyo, sa iyong kahilingan, (1) ang mga kategorya ng personal na impormasyon na aming kinolekta at sa anong mga ikatlong partido namin ibinabahagi ang gayong impormasyon na may; (2) mga pangalan at adres ng mga ikatlong partido na iyon; at (3) mga halimbawa ng mga produkto na iminimerkado ng mga kumpanyang iyon. Hinihiling pa sa amin ng Batas na pahintulutan ka na kontrolin kung kanino mo namin ayaw ibahagi ang impormasyong iyon. Para makuha ang impormasyong ito, mangyaring magpadala ng kahilingan sa pamamagitan ng email o karaniwang sulat na na matatagpuan sa ibaba. Sa nakikipag-ugnay sa amin, mangyaring ilakip ang iyong pangalan, adres, email address, at kung anong personal na impormasyon hindi mo nais na ibahagi namin sa mga kaanib o Mga Kasosyo sa Pagmemerkado. Ang kahilingan ay dapat na ipadala sa atensyon ng aming legal na departamento at may label na "California Customer Choice Notice." Pakisuyong bigyan kami ng 30 araw para sa tugon. Gayundin, pakitandaan na walang singil para sa pagkokontrol sa pagbabahagi ng iyong personal na impormasyon o sa paghiling sa abiso na ito.
Mga Internasyunal na User; Mga User mula sa European Economic Area ("EEA").
Ang Website na ito ay naka-host sa Estados Unidos. Kung ikaw ay isang user na uma-access sa Website mula sa labas ng Estados Unidos, na may mga batas o regulasyon na namamahala sa personal na pagkolekta, paggamit, at pagsisiwalat na iba sa mga batas ng Estados Unidos, isinasailalim mo ang iyong personal na impormasyon at iba pang personal na datos sa Estados Unidos na walang parehong mga batas sa proteksyon ng datos gaya ng gayong mga ibang rehiyon. Sa pamamagitan ng paglalaan ng iyong impormasyon sa Website, pumapayag ka sa paglilipat ng iyong impormasyon sa Estados Unidos para sa pagpoproseso at pagpapanatili alinsunod sa Patakaran sa Pagkapribado na ito at sa aming Termino ng Serbisyo. Maliban kung tinukoy sa kabilang banda sa seksyon na ito, sumasang-ayon ka rin sa aplikasyon ng batas ng Delaware at pagkontrol ng Pederal na Batas ng U.S. sa lahat ng mga bagay na may kinalaman sa Serbisyo ng Website ng ID.me.
Para sa mga gumagamit mula sa EEA:
Mayroon kang ilang mga karapatan sa ilalim ng batas ng Europa tungkol sa iyong personal na data, kabilang ang karapatang humiling ng access sa, tama, susugan, tanggalin, o limitahan ang paggamit ng iyong personal na data. Kung nais mong gamitin ang mga karapatang ito, mangyaring makipag-ugnay sa help@id.me. Maaari ka ring magkaroon ng karapatang magsumite ng reklamo sa naaangkop na awtoridad sa pangangasiwa sa estado ng iyong tirahan ng Miyembro.     Bukod pa rito, tandaan namin na para sa mga layunin ng mga batas sa Europa, naglilingkod kami bilang controller ng data para sa iyong personal na data at sa pangkalahatan ay ipoproseso ang iyong impormasyon sa iyong pahintulot, upang matupad ang mga kontrata na maaaring mayroon kami (halimbawa upang dalhin sa iyo ang Cash Back Rewards, o upang makumpleto ang pagkakilanibang pagkakakilanlan), o kung hindi man ipagpatuloy ang aming mga lehitimong interes sa negosyo na nakalista sa itaas (tulad ng pagsuporta sa direktang pagsisikap sa pagmemerkado, o upang maiwasan ang panloloko). Tulad ng tinalakay sa itaas, maaari naming ilipat ang ilan sa iyong impormasyon sa Estados Unidos upang mabigyan ang aming Mga Serbisyo.  Dahil ang Estados Unidos ay walang katumbas na proteksyon ng data lehislasyon na nagpoprotekta sa paggamit ng iyong personal na impormasyon, sumunod kami sa European Union na batas sa pamamagitan ng paggamit ng mga Karaniwang Sugnay ng Kontrata na inaprobahan ng European Commission o sa pamamagitan ng paggamit ng iba pang paraan upang matiyak na ang mga sapat na pananggalang ay inilalapat.
12. Pakikipag-ugnay sa Amin
Kung ikaw man ay isang bago o tapat na customer, may-ari ng restaurant, nagmemerkado, publisher, miyembro ng midya o naghahanap ng trabaho na nais naming manatiling konektado at nais na makarinig mula sa iyo!
Adres ng Korporasyon.
McLean, VA 22102
Para sa Mga Customer.
Ang Mga Serbisyong Katanungan ng Miyembro ay maaaring iderekta sa help@id.me.
Copyright © 2018 ID.me, Inc. Reserbado ang lahat ng mga karapatan.
Trong trường hợp có bất kỳ sự khác biệt nào giữa phiên bản không phải tiếng Anh của Chính sách Bảo mật này và phiên bản tiếng Anh của Chính sách Bảo mật này, phiên bản tiếng Anh (có sẵn tại https://www.id.me/privacy ) sẽ được áp dụng trong mọi phương diện.
Chính sách Bảo mật này tiết lộ việc thực hành quyền riêng tư đối với Dịch vụ và Trang web ID.me (đặt tại www.ID.me, ứng dụng di động ID.me hoặc các thành phần của nền tảng công nghệ ID.me như các tiện ích liên kết nhóm) trên các trang web của khách hàng). Bất kỳ điều khoản nào không được định nghĩa trong Chính sách Bảo mật này đều được định nghĩa trong Điều khoản Dịch vụ của chúng tôi. ID.me, Inc., nhà cung cấp Dịch vụ và Trang web (được gọi là "chúng tôi"), quyết tâm bảo vệ quyền riêng tư của những người điều hướng tới hoặc sử dụng Dịch vụ và/hoặc Trang web (sau đây gọi là "người dùng" hoặc "bạn"). Dịch vụ và Trang web cung cấp cho người dùng cách thức đơn giản và an toàn để xác minh từ xa danh tính và tư cách của họ (ví dụ, cựu chiến binh, người phản hồi đầu tiên và thành viên của các nhóm được chỉ định khác) và sau đó chia sẻ danh tính của họ và các thuộc tính liên quan với các bên theo ý muốn của họ dựa vào các xác minh này thông qua sử dụng tài khoản ID.me. Ngoài ra, người dùng đã đăng ký ("Thành viên") có thể truy cập một số lợi ích độc quyền nhất định, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn các ưu đãi, chiết khấu, giảm giá hoàn tiền và cơ hội việc làm, giáo dục, được cung cấp bởi các nhà bán lẻ, nhà cung cấp dịch vụ, nhà tuyển dụng hoặc quản trị viên về quyền lợi tham gia. Sau khi được xác thực, tài khoản ID.me đóng vai trò là nhận dạng số duy nhất, di động mà người dùng có thể sử dụng để tạo tài khoản với trang web của bên thứ ba tham gia, điền trước thông tin người dùng vào tài khoản đó, sau đó truy cập hàng hóa, dịch vụ, phần thưởng và/hoặc lợi ích của một mạng lưới rộng lớn hơn các trang web tham gia (bao gồm nhà bán lẻ, nhà cung cấp dịch vụ, nhà tuyển dụng, quản trị viên lợi ích, v.v.). Là một phần của quá trình đăng ký, người dùng bắt buộc gửi các thông tin nhất định đến ID.me để chúng tôi có thể xác thực danh tính của người dùng, tư cách nhóm và xác định việc tuân thủ các tiêu chí hợp lệ khác. người dùng có thể chọn thông tin cụ thể nào (thông tin cá nhân và các thông tin khác như được mô tả chi tiết bên dưới) được liên kết với tài khoản ID.me của họ và bất kỳ lúc nào cũng có thể thu hồi quyền truy cập của ID.me đối với thông tin đó. Khi làm như vậy, người dùng có thể kiểm soát lượng thông tin được chia sẻ với các trang web khác liên quan đến Dịch vụ ID.me. Trong các trường hợp nhất định, người dùng càng chia sẻ nhiều thông tin thì càng đủ điều kiện nhận được nhiều phần thưởng và lợi ích, chẳng hạn như các ưu đãi, chiết khấu, giảm giá hoàn tiền và cơ hội việc làm, giáo dục, như được mô tả kỹ hơn trong Điều khoản Dịch vụ của chúng tôi (https: //www.id.me/terms).   Ngoài ra, một số trang web tham gia nhất định có thể bắt buộc người dùng cung cấp một số thông tin tối thiểu nhất định và quyết định không cung cấp thông tin đó của người dùng có thể ảnh hưởng đến tính hợp lệ của họ đối với hàng hóa, dịch vụ hoặc lợi ích chủ thể được cung cấp.   Để tránh nhầm lẫn, người dùng nên hiểu rằng, dù chúng tôi sở hữu và điều hành Dịch vụ và Trang web cũng một số trang web nhất định khác (ví dụ: TroopSwap.com), chúng tôi không sở hữu hay điều hành các trang web thuộc sở hữu và điều hành bởi bên thứ ba, những bên thu lợi từ Dịch vụ ID.me (gọi chung là các "Trang web của Bên thứ ba"). Chính sách Bảo mật này nhằm mục đích thông báo cho người dùng về việc thu thập, sử dụng, lưu trữ và tiết lộ, hủy và xử lý thông tin mà chúng tôi thu thập hoặc ghi lại trong quá trình cung cấp Trang web và Dịch vụ ID.me. Xin lưu ý, chúng tôi không chịu trách nhiệm về việc thực hành bảo mật của Trang web của Bên thứ ba và họ không có nghĩa vụ tuân thủ Chính sách Bảo mật này. Trước khi ghé thăm Trang web của Bên thứ ba và trước khi cung cấp tài khoản ID.me hoặc bất kỳ thông tin nào khác cho bất kỳ bên nào hoạt động hoặc quảng cáo trên Trang web của Bên thứ ba, người dùng nên xem xét chính sách bảo mật và việc thực hành bảo mật của trang web đó để xác định cách bên đó xử lý thông tin thu thập từ người dùng. Xin lưu ý thêm, tùy thuộc vào sự tương tác cụ thể của người dùng với chúng tôi (ví dụ, người dùng chỉ điều hướng Trang web so với người dùng tạo tài khoản và sử dụng Dịch vụ ID.me tại Trang web của Bên thứ ba), các phần khác nhau của chính sách này có thể áp dụng vào các thời điểm khác nhau. Vui lòng đọc kỹ Chính sách Bảo mật này. Trừ khi có quy định khác của pháp luật, bằng cách truy cập hoặc sử dụng Trang web, bạn xác nhận rằng bạn đã đọc, hiểu và đồng ý tuân thủ tất cả các điều khoản của Chính sách Bảo mật này và Điều khoản Dịch vụ của Trang web. Nếu bạn không đồng ý với các điều khoản này, vui lòng không truy cập hoặc sử dụng Dịch vụ hoặc Trang web.
1. Thay đổi Chính sách Bảo mật
Nếu chúng tôi quyết định thay đổi Chính sách Bảo mật này, chúng tôi sẽ đăng những thay đổi đó lên trang này để bạn biết chúng tôi thu thập những thông tin nào, cách chúng tôi sử dụng thông tin và chúng tôi tiết lộ thông tin đó trong hoàn cảnh nào, nếu có. Chúng tôi có quyền sửa đổi Chính sách Bảo mật này bất kỳ lúc nào, vì vậy vui lòng thường xuyên xem xét chính sách này. Nếu chúng tôi thực hiện các thay đổi trọng yếu đối với chính sách này, chúng tôi sẽ thông báo cho bạn tại đây, qua email hoặc thông báo trên trang chủ của chúng tôi.
2. Các loại Thông tin được Thu thập và Sử dụng Thông tin Thu thập được
Chúng tôi thu thập thông tin từ người dùng theo hai cách:
Thông tin mà Bạn Cung cấp cho Chúng tôi.Chúng tôi thu thập các thông tin cá nhân nhất định với sự đồng ý của bạn. Khi bạn đăng ký để có được tài khoản ID.me và sử dụng Dịch vụ ID.me, bạn sẽ được yêu cầu cung cấp các thông tin nhất định để chúng tôi có thể xác minh danh tính và thuộc tính của bạn, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, các tư cách nhóm (ví dụ: quân đội, người phản hồi đầu tiên, sinh viên, cựu chiến binh, v.v..), thành viên, tài khoản mạng xã hội, trình độ học vấn và chứng chỉ chuyên môn.
"Thông tin cá nhân" là thông tin nhận dạng một cá nhân cụ thể, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, họ tên, địa chỉ gửi thư, địa chỉ e-mail (bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn địa chỉ e-mail), số điện thoại, số an sinh xã hội và ngày tháng năm sinh .
Ngoài ra, bạn sẽ được yêu cầu cung cấp các thông tin hoặc tài liệu bổ sung nhất định từ các tổ chức và cơ quan đăng ký như cơ quan chính phủ, mạng viễn thông, đơn vị cấp thẻ tín dụng, tổ chức tài chính hoặc đại lý có thẩm quyền tương tự có quyền truy cập chứng thư, hồ sơ quân sự (những tài liệu có thể cũng chứa thông tin cá nhân), số an sinh xã hội của người phối ngẫu hoặc người thân trong gia đình, (các) tư cách trong quân đội, ngày nhập ngũ và dự bị, và thông tin liên quan tới các tài khoản của bạn với các tổ chức tài chính.
Chúng tôi sử dụng thông tin mà bạn cung cấp cho chúng tôi như một phần của Dịch vụ ID.me, nhằm xác thực danh tính và tính hợp lệ của bạn để tiếp cận các lợi ích bao gồm các ưu đãi nhất định, thưởng hoàn tiền, ưu đãi hoặc cơ hội được các Trang web của Bên thứ ba cung cấp, được điều chỉnh theo các yêu cầu nhất định về tính hợp lệ.
Ngoài việc sử dụng thông tin cá nhân của bạn để cung cấp Dịch vụ ID.me, chúng tôi cũng sử dụng thông tin này để khắc phục sự cố, giải quyết tranh chấp, thực hiện các tác vụ quản trị, liên hệ với bạn, thực thi thỏa thuận của chúng tôi với bạn, bao gồm Điều khoản Dịch vụ và Chính sách Bảo mật của Trang web này, tuân thủ luật áp dụng và hợp tác với các hoạt động thực thi pháp luật.
Hơn nữa, chúng tôi sử dụng thông tin này để kiểm tra tính hợp lệ của bạn (ví dụ, tư cách nhóm chẳng hạn như trạng thái tại ngũ hoặc sinh viên); để kiểm tra tài khoản người dùng có bị lừa đảo hay không bằng cách xác minh rằng giao dịch mua hàng được gửi đến địa chỉ người dùng đã đăng ký; và để ngăn việc tạo các tài khoản ID.me trùng lặp với cùng thông tin. Thông tin mà Chúng tôi Tự động Thu thập. Khi bạn ghé thăm trang web của chúng tôi, ID.me và các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ bên thứ ba và nhà quảng cáo được ủy quyền của chúng tôi (bao gồm các công ty quảng cáo trên Trang web của chúng tôi hoặc trong tài liệu tiếp thị của chúng tôi, được gọi là "Đơn vị quảng cáo"), tự động thu thập thông tin như Bộ Định vị Tài nguyên Thống nhất (" URL ") của trang web mà bạn đã ghé thăm trước khi truy cập Trang web, đường dẫn URL của trang web bạn truy cập sau khi rời khỏi Trang web, loại trình duyệt bạn đang sử dụng, địa chỉ Giao thức Internet ("IP"), nghề nghiệp, ngôn ngữ, phần tử nhận dạng thiết bị duy nhất, vị trí địa lý gần đúng và múi giờ (gọi chung là "thông tin được thu thập tự động"). Loại thu thập này được thực hiện thông qua việc sử dụng các công cụ điện tử như cookie và lỗi web hoặc thẻ pixel hay khả năng dựa trên vị trí trên thiết bị di động của bạn và được mô tả thêm trong Mục 4 và 9 bên dưới.
Chúng tôi sử dụng các thông tin trên để khắc phục sự cố, quản trị Trang web, phân tích xu hướng, thu thập thông tin nhân khẩu học, tuân thủ luật áp dụng và hợp tác với các hoạt động thực thi pháp luật. Chúng tôi cũng chia sẻ thông tin này với các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ và Đơn vị quảng cáo bên thứ ba được ủy quyền để đo lường hiệu quả tổng thể của quảng cáo trực tuyến, nội dung và lập trình của chúng tôi. Trong một số trường hợp giới hạn nhất định, chúng tôi kết hợp các thông tin được thu thập tự động với các phần tử nhận dạng khác có thể được nhận dạng cá nhân, nhằm xác nhận danh tính của bạn như một phần của quy trình xác minh ID.me. Ví dụ, chúng tôi có thể kết hợp vị trí địa lý gần đúng thu được từ thiết bị di động của người dùng và khớp nó với thông tin địa chỉ mà người dùng tự nguyện gửi tới Trang web để xác nhận danh tính của người dùng và ngăn chặn hành vi lừa đảo.
Để phục vụ tốt hơn cho các thành viên của Lực lượng Vũ trang Hoa Kỳ và các nhân sự khác được bảo vệ bởi Đạo luật Cứu trợ Dân sự dành cho Người phục vụ trong Quân ngũ (SCRA) (50 U.S.C. App. 501 trở đi)*, ID.me cung cấp dịch vụ cho các công ty dịch vụ tài chính và Trang web của Bên thứ ba để tạo điều kiện cho họ tuân thủ các quy định của SCRA. Bằng cách tham gia ID.me, bạn đồng ý rằng ID.me có thể sử dụng thông tin cá nhân của bạn để hỗ trợ các công ty dịch vụ tài chính và Trang web Bên thứ ba trong quá trình xác định bạn hoặc người thân trong gia đình đủ điều kiện hưởng lợi ích và sự bảo vệ của SCRA. ID.me có thể định kỳ sử dụng thông tin cá nhân của bạn để xác nhận tư cách hợp lệ của bạn hoặc của thành viên gia đình bạn vào một thời điểm sau này để thông báo cho bên thứ ba về bất kỳ thay đổi nào đối với trạng thái hợp lệ với SCRA của bạn. Nguồn thông tin này có thể bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn ở các trang web công khai, tài liệu bằng giấy, thông tin tài chính, mạng lưới ID.me hoặc các bên thứ ba có mối quan hệ hợp đồng với ID.me.
*Phạm vi dịch vụ SCRA của ID.me bao gồm tất cả các cá nhân được SCRA bảo vệ (bao gồm ví dụ như Quân đội Hoa Kỳ, Không lực, Cảnh sát biển, Thủy quân lục chiến, và các thành viên phục vụ Hải quân đang tại ngũ (và trong một khoảng thời gian nhất định sau khi xuất ngũ) , bao gồm những lính dự bị, thành viên của Lực lượng Vệ binh Quốc gia và Không quân Vệ binh Quốc gia đang tại ngũ và các viên chức ủy nhiệm đang đang phục vụ của Sở Y tế Công cộng và Cơ quan Hải dương và Khí quyển Quốc gia, và người phụ thuộc và thành viên gia đình của một cá nhân được bảo vệ theo SCRA nếu áp dụng theo luật và quy định của liên bang hoặc tiểu bang).
3. Tiết lộ Thông tin được Người dùng Cung cấp
Chúng tôi sẽ không chia sẻ, bán lại, cho thuê hoặc trao đổi thông tin cá nhân của bạn với các bên khác, trừ mục đích xác minh danh tính của bạn và tính hợp lệ để tham gia cho các chương trình và lợi ích đã xác định hoặc khi nhận được sự đồng ý của bạn như được cung cấp dưới đây:
Chúng tôi sẽ chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân của bạn với các tổ chức cần thiết để xác minh tài khoản ID.me của bạn và cung cấp Dịch vụ ID.me cho bạn.
Để xác minh danh tính và tính hợp lệ của bạn để nhận chiết khấu, giảm giá hoàn tiền và các lợi ích khác từ người bán và nhà cung cấp dịch vụ khác, chúng tôi sẽ cung cấp thông tin cá nhân của bạn cho bên thứ ba như cơ quan chính phủ, mạng viễn thông, tổ chức tài chính hoặc các nguồn tin tin tưởng và đáng tin cậy khác. Việc cung cấp thông tin cá nhân của bạn cho các bên nói trên chỉ nhằm xác minh danh tính và tính hợp lệ của bạn đối với Dịch vụ ID.me. Chúng tôi đã thiết lập các mối quan hệ và giao thức với các cơ quan đăng ký được công nhận như các đơn vị được mô tả ở trên ("Cơ quan Đăng ký"), để việc truyền tải thông tin cá nhân mà bạn cung cấp cho chúng tôi sẽ được thực hiện bằng các công cụ mã hóa tiêu chuẩn của ngành, được thiết kế để bảo vệ các thông tin đó khỏi bị truy cập trái phép.
Bằng cách cung cấp bất kỳ thông tin cá nhân nào cho chúng tôi, bạn cho phép ID.me cung cấp thông tin đó cho Cơ quan Đăng ký và các tổ chức đáng tin cậy khác để xác minh danh tính của bạn và tư cách hội đủ điều kiện nhận giảm giá, hoàn tiền và phúc lợi.
Chúng tôi sẽ chia sẻ một số thông tin cá nhân nhất định gắn với tài khoản ID.me của bạn (bao gồm Chương trình Hoàn tiền ID.me) với Trang web của Bên thứ ba nếu bạn cho phép chúng tôi làm như vậy.  Bạn cấp cho chúng tôi quyền này bằng cách đăng ký với Trang web và sử dụng tài khoản ID.me của bạn để truy cập, đăng ký, đăng ký theo dõi và sử dụng Trang web của Bên thứ ba. Chúng tôi không chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân của bạn với Trang web Bên thứ ba nếu không có sự cho phép của bạn. Tuy nhiên, xin lưu ý rằng, bằng cách sử dụng tài khoản ID.me của bạn tại Trang web Bên thứ ba, bạn đang cho phép chúng tôi các chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân nhất định gắn với tài khoản ID.me của bạn với các Trang web của Bên thứ ba đó.
Dịch vụ ID.me nhằm cho phép bạn tạo tư cách thành viên hoặc hồ sơ với Trang web Bên thứ ba và tham gia giao dịch với Trang web Bên thứ ba bằng cách tự động chuyển thông tin cá nhân được liên kết với tài khoản ID.me của bạn. Việc chuyển thông tin cá nhân này là cần thiết để xác minh tính đủ hợp lệ của bạn để nhận các quyền lợi hoặc chiết khấu từ các tổ chức khác nhau, và để truyền đạt tính hợp lệ đó cho các Trang web Bên thứ ba. Thông tin mà ID.me chia sẻ với các Trang web Bên thứ ba sẽ được giới hạn ở các thông tin cá nhân mà theo quyết định riêng của mình, ID.me xét thấy là cần thiết để hoàn tất các giao dịch được mô tả trong tài liệu này. Bạn sẽ có cơ hội xem lại các thông tin bắt buộc phải có để hoàn tất giao dịch trước khi thông tin của bạn được tiết lộ cho Trang web Bên thứ ba. Nếu không có sự cho phép rõ ràng của bạn, ID.me sẽ không cung cấp cho Trang web Bên thứ ba quyền truy cập vào bất kỳ thông tin nào được liên kết với tài khoản ID.me của bạn. Khi sử dụng Dịch vụ ID.me, người dùng có khả năng kiểm soát những Trang web Bên thứ ba nào được cung cấp thông tin cá nhân của họ. Chúng tôi sẽ không chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân của người dùng với Trang web Bên thứ ba trừ khi người dùng cho phép thực hiện chia sẻ đó bằng cách sử dụng tài khoản ID.me của họ để đăng ký với Trang web Bên thứ ba hoặc cho phép Trang web Bên thứ ba truy cập vào thông tin của họ.
Chúng tôi chia sẻ thông tin của bạn với các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ bên thứ ba được ủy quyền.
Chúng tôi cung cấp các dịch vụ và sản phẩm nhất định của Trang web thông qua các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ thuộc bên thứ ba. Các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ này thay mặt chúng tôi thực hiện các chức năng, chẳng hạn như gửi và phân phối các email quản trị và quảng cáo của chúng tôi. Chúng tôi có thể chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân của bạn với các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ đó để xóa các thông tin lặp lại trên danh sách khách hàng, phân tích dữ liệu, cung cấp sự trợ giúp về tiếp thị, cung cấp kết quả tìm kiếm và đường dẫn, xử lý thanh toán bằng thẻ tín dụng, điều hành trang web, khắc phục sự cố và cung cấp dịch vụ khách hàng. Chúng tôi cũng có thể thu thập thông tin cá nhân từ các cá nhân và công ty mà chúng tôi có mối quan hệ kinh doanh theo hợp đồng ("các đơn vị liên kết"). Tuy nhiên, chúng tôi không cấp bất kỳ quyền sử dụng nào cho các đơn vị này và hạn chế họ sử dụng bất kỳ thông tin nào cho bất kỳ mục đích nào ngoài việc cung cấp dịch vụ cho chúng tôi và cho bạn.
thông tin trong một giao dịch kinh doanh.
Cũng như với bất kỳ doanh nghiệp nào khác, chúng tôi có thể hợp nhất hoặc được mua lại bởi một công ty khác hoặc chúng tôi có thể nộp đơn xin bảo hộ theo luật phá sản áp dụng trong tương lai. Trong trường hợp này, thông tin của người dùng thu được và duy trì bởi Id.me, bao gồm thông tin cá nhân, sẽ chuyển sang doanh nghiệp kế nhiệm liên quan đến doanh nghiệp sáp nhập, hợp nhất, bán tài sản, phá sản hoặc thay đổi công ty khác. Thông tin người dùng được gửi trước bất kỳ lần chuyển giao nào như vậy sẽ vẫn tuân theo các điều khoản của Chính sách Bảo mật này (như nó đã tồn tại vào ngày gửi). Tuy nhiên, thông tin người dùng được gửi sau khi chuyển giao cho doanh nghiệp kế nhiệm có thể phải tuân thủ Chính sách Bảo mật mà doanh nghiệp kế nhiệm áp dụng.
Chúng tôi có thể chia sẻ thông tin của bạn để bảo vệ chúng tôi và bảo vệ người khác.
Chúng tôi bảo lưu quyền tiết lộ thông tin cá nhân của bạn theo yêu cầu của pháp luật và khi chúng tôi tin rằng việc tiết lộ là cần thiết để bảo vệ quyền của chúng tôi và/hoặc tuân thủ thủ tục pháp lý, lệnh tòa hoặc quy trình pháp lý được cung cấp trên Trang web của chúng tôi; thực thi hoặc áp dụng Chính sách Bảo mật này, Điều khoản Dịch vụ Trang web của chúng tôi hoặc các thỏa thuận khác; hoặc điều tra, ngăn chặn hoặc hành động đối với các hoạt động đáng nghi hoặc bị nghiêm cấm trên thực tế, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, gian lận và các tình huống liên quan đến các mối đe dọa tiềm ẩn đối với an toàn thể chất của bất kỳ người nào hoặc để ngăn ngừa tổn thất tài chính cho bất kỳ cá nhân hoặc tổ chức nào; hoặc bảo vệ quyền, tài sản hoặc sự an toàn của Trang web, người dùng Trang web hoặc những người khác.
4. Phát hành Thông tin Quảng cáo
Chúng tôi có thể tiết lộ hoặc chia sẻ các thông tin phi cá nhân với các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ và đơn vị liên kết. Ví dụ, chúng tôi có thể chia sẻ thông tin nhân khẩu học tổng hợp (không bao gồm bất kỳ thông tin cá nhân nào) với các Đơn vị quảng cáo hoặc công ty quảng cáo (công ty giúp chúng tôi phân phối quảng cáo hoặc các "Công ty Quảng cáo") và các bên khác như được cung cấp dưới đây:
Chúng tôi có thể sử dụng Công ty quảng cáo để phát quảng cáo khi bạn truy cập vào Trang web của chúng tôi hoặc như một phần thông điệp tiếp thị của chúng tôi. Các công ty này có thể sử dụng thông tin về các lần truy cập của bạn vào trang web này và các trang web khác để cung cấp, thông qua việc sử dụng thẻ mạng, quảng cáo về hàng hóa và dịch vụ mà bạn có thể quan tâm. Một số các Công ty Quảng cáo này có thể là các mạng quảng cáo là thành viên của Sáng kiến ​​Quảng cáo Mạng ("NAI") hoặc Liên minh Quảng cáo Kỹ thuật số ("DAA"). Nếu bạn muốn biết thêm thông tin về các mạng này, hoặc muốn chọn không tham gia quảng cáo được nhắm mục tiêu từ các công ty thành viên của họ, vui lòng truy cập vào đây: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp hoặc nhấp vào biểu tượng YouAdChoices. Chúng tôi cũng sử dụng các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ để theo dõi và phân tích thông tin thống kê sử dụng và khối lượng không xác định từ người dùng của chúng tôi để quản trị Trang web của chúng tôi và không ngừng nâng cao chất lượng. Chúng tôi cũng có thể công bố thông tin này nhằm mục đích quảng cáo hoặc với vai trò đối tượng đại diện cho các Đơn vị Quảng cáo. Xin lưu ý rằng đây không phải là thông tin cá nhân như được định nghĩa ở trên mà chỉ là tóm tắt chung về các hoạt động người dùng của chúng tôi. Dữ liệu đó được thu thập thay mặt chúng tôi và được sở hữu và sử dụng bởi chúng tôi.
5. Cập nhật và Sửa Thông tin
Chúng tôi tin rằng bạn nên có khả năng truy cập và chỉnh sửa thông tin cá nhân mà bạn cung cấp cho chúng tôi. Bạn có thể thay đổi bất kỳ thông tin cá nhân nào của bạn bằng cách đăng nhập vào tài khoản của bạn và truy cập phần "tài khoản của tôi" trên trang web. Bạn có thể cập nhật thông tin cá nhân của mình bằng cách gửi email cho chúng tôi theo địa chỉ help@id.me hoặc gửi thư cho chúng tôi tới 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102. Vui lòng cho biết tên, địa chỉ và địa chỉ email của bạn, cùng những thông tin nào bạn muốn cập nhật khi bạn liên hệ với chúng tôi.
Chúng tôi khuyến khích bạn cập nhật nhanh chóng thông tin cá nhân của mình nếu có thay đổi. Bạn có thể yêu cầu xóa thông tin trên tài khoản của mình; tuy nhiên, chúng tôi có thể theo dõi một số thông tin nhất định nếu pháp luật yêu cầu. Ngoài ra, dù chúng tôi không thể xóa hoàn toàn tất cả thông tin của bạn do các quy trình sao lưu của chúng tôi, nhưng chúng tôi sẽ áp dụng các nỗ lực hợp lý về mặt thương mại để bảo vệ các bản sao lưu đó cho đến khi chúng tôi có thể hủy thông tin của bạn.
6. Bảo vệ và Hủy Thông tin Cá nhân
Chúng tôi sẽ không giữ lại bất kỳ thông tin cá nhân nào của bạn lâu hơn mức cần thiết.
Các thông tin cá nhân sẽ được giữ lại cho đến khi chúng tôi hoàn thành các nghĩa vụ pháp lý, hợp đồng và chính sách.  Hiện tại, để hoàn thành các nghĩa vụ này, chính sách lưu giữ của chúng tôi là khoảng tồn tại thời gian tài khoản của bạn với ID.me cộng với năm năm.  Trong trường hợp các dịch vụ của ID.me không còn khả dụng ID.me sẽ thực hiện các nỗ lực hợp lý về mặt thương mại trong khả năng bảo vệ và/hoặc hủy thông tin cá nhân của bạn theo luật áp dụng.
Trong khi chúng tôi giữ các thông tin cá nhân của bạn, chúng tôi sử dụng các phương thức mã hóa được công nhận của ngành được phê duyệt để bảo vệ thông tin cá nhân của bạn khỏi bị truy cập trái phép.  Tương tự như vậy, khi chúng tôi hủy thông tin cá nhân của bạn, chúng tôi sử dụng các phương thức được công nhận của ngành để thực hiện việc phá hủy đó.
7. Lựa chọn của Người dùng về Thu thập và Sử dụng Thông tin
Quyết định chia sẻ các mục cụ thể trong thông tin cá nhân của bạn với Dịch vụ ID.me (và, với các Trang web của Bên thứ ba nếu có) là của bạn và một mình bạn. Bạn có thể chọn lọc để cung cấp tất cả hoặc chỉ một số thông tin mà Website yêu cầu trong quá trình đăng ký, và bất cứ lúc nào bạn cũng có thể quyết định xóa một số thông tin mà bạn đã cung cấp trước đó. Tuy nhiên, nếu bạn từ chối cung cấp bất kỳ thông tin nào ở trên, bạn có thể không đăng ký được Tài khoản ID.me hoặc truy cập một số lợi ích nhất định của Dịch vụ ID.me (bao gồm các ưu đãi nhất định, thưởng hoàn tiền, ưu đãi hoặc cơ hội do Trang web Bên thứ ba cung cấp được điều chỉnh theo yêu cầu nhất định về tính hợp lệ).
Trừ khi được cung cấp ở đây, nếu bạn đăng ký một tài khoản hoặc đăng nhập vào Dịch vụ ID.me, bao gồm ID.me Marketplace, bạn hoàn toàn đồng ý nhận email (gọi là Email Quản trị và Email Quảng cáo, như được định nghĩa bên dưới) từ chúng tôi tại địa chỉ email do bạn cung cấp,  Tuy nhiên, chúng tôi sẽ không gửi cho bạn Email Quảng cáo nếu bạn đã đăng ký thông qua Trang web Bên thứ ba, trừ khi bạn đồng ý rõ ràng khi nhận các email đó, hoặc khi bạn đăng ký riêng rẽ hoặc đăng nhập với tư cách là người dùng của Dịch vụ ID.me, bao gồm cả ID.me Marketplace.
"Email quản trị" liên quan tới hoạt động của người dùng với Dịch vụ ID.me và bao gồm các email liên quan tới tài khoản, yêu cầu hoặc thắc mắc thực hiện bởi người dùng, các khoản hoàn tiền kiếm được và các giao dịch mua sản phẩm, dịch vụ. "Email Quảng cáo" quảng cáo các sản phẩm và dịch vụ của chúng tôi, bao gồm khuyến mãi và các ưu đãi khác của Trang web Bên thứ ba, chẳng hạn như khuyến mại giảm giá hoàn tiền, cơ hội việc làm và giáo dục, và/hoặc các sản phẩm và dịch vụ của Trang web Bên thứ ba của chúng tôi, nhà cung cấp dịch vụ và các chi nhánh của bên thứ ba.
Bạn không thể chọn không nhận Email Quản trị.  Tuy nhiên, bạn có thể chọn không nhận Email Quảng cáo.
Nếu bạn muốn chọn không nhận email quảng cáo từ chúng tôi, bạn phải gửi email cho chúng tôi theo địa chỉ feedback@id.me, viết thư cho chúng tôi theo địa chỉ có trong tài liệu này hoặc nhấp vào nút "hủy đăng ký" ở cuối bất kỳ email nào của chúng tôi và hoàn tất bất kỳ bước bổ sung nào được yêu cầu thực hiện. Khi liên hệ với chúng tôi, vui lòng cho biết tên, địa chỉ, địa chỉ email của bạn và cho biết bạn không còn muốn nhận tất cả hoặc một số Email Quảng cáo nhất định.
8. Bảo mật Thông tin
Chúng tôi coi trọng vấn đề bảo mật và thực hiện nhiều biện pháp phòng ngừa để bảo vệ tính bảo mật của thông tin cá nhân. Bạn có thể truy cập thông tin cá nhân của bạn trên Trang web của chúng tôi thông qua một mật khẩu và địa chỉ email của bạn. Mật khẩu này được làm cho lộn xộn (để nó không thể phục hồi được nhưng vẫn là duy nhất). Chúng tôi khuyến nghị bạn không nên chia sẻ mật khẩu của mình với bất kỳ ai. Ngoài ra, thông tin cá nhân của bạn nằm trên một máy chủ bảo mật chỉ lựa chọn những nhân sự và nhà thầu có quyền truy cập. Đáng tiếc là không không có đường truyền dữ liệu nào qua Internet hay mạng không dây nào có thể được đảm bảo an toàn 100%. Do đó, dù chúng tôi sử dụng các biện pháp bảo mật hợp lý về mặt thương mại để bảo vệ dữ liệu và tìm cách hợp tác với các nhà cung cấp dịch vụ có nỗ lực tương tự, chúng tôi không thể đảm bảo bảo mật cho bất kỳ thông tin nào được truyền tới hoặc từ Trang web và không chịu trách nhiệm về hành động của bất kỳ bên thứ ba nào có thể nhận được bất kỳ thông tin nào như vậy.
9. Theo dõi Dữ liệu
Cookie.
Để tạo điều kiện và tùy chỉnh trải nghiệm của bạn trên Trang web, chúng tôi lưu trữ cookie trên máy tính của bạn. Cookie là một tệp văn bản nhỏ được lưu trữ trên máy tính của người dùng nhằm mục đích lưu giữ hồ sơ chứa thông tin về người dùng đó. Chúng tôi sử dụng cookie để giúp bạn tiết kiệm thời gian khi sử dụng Trang web, nhắc nhở cho chúng tôi bạn là ai, quản trị các khoản giảm giá hoàn tiền và theo dõi, nhắm mục tiêu vào sở thích của người dùng để cung cấp trải nghiệm tùy chỉnh. Cookie cũng cho phép chúng tôi thu thập thông tin phi cá nhân từ bạn, chẳng hạn như bạn đã ghé thăm những trang nào, nhấp vào những liên kết nào. Việc sử dụng thông tin này giúp chúng tôi tạo ra trải nghiệm thân thiện với người dùng hơn cho khách truy cập Trang web của chúng tôi. Ngoài ra, chúng tôi có thể sử dụng các Công ty Quảng cáo để hiển thị quảng cáo trên Trang web của chúng tôi. Là một phần trong dịch vụ của mình, họ có thể đặt các cookie riêng trên máy tính của bạn. Chúng tôi không có quyền truy cập hoặc kiểm soát các cookie này. Chính sách bảo mật này chỉ bao gồm việc sử dụng cookie của Trang web và không bao gồm việc sử dụng cookie của bất kỳ trang web của bất kỳ Trang web Bên thứ ba, nhà cung cấp dịch vụ hay đơn vị liên kết nào. Hầu hết các trình duyệt đều tự động chấp nhận cookie, nhưng bạn có thể sửa đổi cài đặt trình duyệt của mình để từ chối cookie. Xin lưu ý rằng nếu bạn từ chối hoặc xóa các cookie này, một số phần của Trang web, bao gồm Chương trình Hoàn tiền của chúng tôi, có thể không hoạt động bình thường.  Để biết thêm thông tin về việc chúng tôi sử dụng cookie trên Trang web của chúng tôi, vui lòng xem Chính sách Cookie của chúng tôi tại  đây .
Các Thiết bị Theo dõi khác.
Chúng tôi có thể sử dụng các công nghệ tiêu chuẩn khác của ngành như thẻ pixel và đèn hiệu web để theo dõi việc bạn sử dụng các trang và chương trình khuyến mãi trên Trang web của chúng tôi, hoặc chúng tôi có thể cho phép nhà cung cấp dịch vụ thay mặt chúng tôi sử dụng các thiết bị này. Thẻ pixel và đèn hiệu web là những hình ảnh đồ họa nhỏ được đặt trên các trang nhất định trên Trang web của chúng tôi hoặc trong các email của chúng tôi cho phép chúng tôi xác định xem bạn đã thực hiện một hành động cụ thể hay chưa. Khi bạn truy cập các trang này hoặc mở hay nhấp vào một email, thẻ pixel và đèn hiệu web sẽ tạo một ghi chú về hành động đó. Thẻ pixel cho phép chúng tôi đo lường và cải thiện hiểu biết của mình về lưu lượng truy cập và hành vi của khách truy cập trên Trang web của chúng tôi, cũng như cung cấp cho chúng tôi cách đo lường chương trình khuyến mãi và hiệu suất của chúng tôi. Chúng tôi cũng có thể sử dụng các thẻ pixel và đèn hiệu web do các chi nhánh và/hoặc Đối tác Tiếp thị của chúng tôi cung cấp cho cùng một mục đích. Trang web hiện không được định cấu hình để phản hồi tín hiệu DNT hoặc "không theo dõi" từ trình duyệt web.
10. Chính sách Bảo mật của Trang web Bên thứ ba
Chính sách Bảo mật này chỉ đề cập đến việc sử dụng và tiết lộ thông tin mà chúng tôi thu thập được từ bạn trên Trang web của chúng tôi.  Các trang web khác, bao gồm Trang web của Bên thứ ba, có thể truy cập được thông qua Trang web này có các chính sách bảo mật, thực tế thu thập, sử dụng và tiết lộ dữ liệu riêng của họ. Nếu bạn liên kết đến bất kỳ trang web nào như vậy, chúng tôi khuyên bạn nên xem lại Chính sách Bảo mật của trang web đó. Chúng tôi không chịu trách nhiệm về chính sách hoặc việc thực hiện thực tế của các bên thứ ba.
11. Các Vấn đề Bảo mật khác
Nếu bạn có câu hỏi hoặc phàn nàn về chính sách hoặc thực tiễn bảo mật của chúng tôi, vui lòng liên hệ với chúng tôi tại help@id.me.
Dưới 18.
Cá nhân dưới 18 tuổi không được sử dụng Trang web. Chúng tôi không chủ ý thu thập thông tin cá nhân từ bất kỳ ai dưới 18 tuổi và không có phần nào của Trang web được thiết kế để thu hút bất kỳ ai dưới 18 tuổi. Vì chúng tôi không cố tình thu thập bất kỳ thông tin nào từ trẻ em dưới 18 tuổi, chúng tôi cũng không cố ý chuyển các thông tin đó cho các bên thứ ba. Nếu bạn có lý do để tin rằng một cá nhân dưới 18 tuổi đã cung cấp thông tin cho chúng tôi, vui lòng liên hệ với chúng tôi theo địa chỉ support@id.me và chúng tôi sẽ xóa thông tin đó ngay lập tức, tuân theo và tuân thủ luật hiện hành.
Khu vực Công cộng.
Chúng tôi có thể cung cấp các khu vực trên Trang web, nơi bạn có thể đăng thông tin công khai về bản thân, có thể giao tiếp với người khác (chẳng hạn như bảng thảo luận hoặc blog) hoặc có thể xem xét các sản phẩm và gửi nội dung đa phương tiện. Thông tin này có thể được truy cập bởi những người tiêu dùng và công ty khác, và có thể xuất hiện trên các trang web khác hoặc tìm kiếm trên web; do đó thông tin này có thể được đọc, thu thập và sử dụng bởi những người khác. Ví dụ như, nếu bạn đăng địa chỉ email của mình cùng với đánh giá sản phẩm hoặc dịch vụ, bạn có thể nhận được các tin nhắn không mong muốn từ những người dùng đã đăng ký khác. Chúng tôi không kiểm soát ai đọc bài đăng của bạn hoặc những gì người dùng khác có thể làm với thông tin mà bạn tự nguyện đăng, vì vậy hãy thận trọng khi đăng bất kỳ thông tin cá nhân nào. Chúng tôi có được sự đồng ý của người dùng để đăng tên của họ cùng với các bài đánh giá của họ.
Sử dụng Facebook.
Nếu bạn hiện không đăng ký với tư cách là người dùng ID.me và bạn nhấp vào "Đăng nhập bằng Facebook", trước tiên bạn sẽ được yêu cầu đăng nhập vào Facebook bằng tên người dùng và mật khẩu Facebook của bạn.  Sau khi bạn đã đăng nhập vào Facebook, bạn sẽ được lựa chọn đăng ký và tham gia ID.me, sử dụng tên, email và giới tính trên Facebook của bạn.  Nếu bạn không còn muốn đăng nhập vào dịch vụ của chúng tôi bằng email Facebook, bạn có thể điều chỉnh cài đặt này thông qua Facebook. Việc bạn sử dụng Facebook cho chức năng đăng nhập này tuân theo chính sách và thực tiễn bảo mật của Facebook. Id.me không chịu trách nhiệm về thực tiễn bảo mật của Facebook và Facebook không có nghĩa vụ tuân thủ Chính sách Bảo mật này. Trước khi bật chức năng đăng nhập này, người dùng nên xem lại chính sách và việc thực hiện bảo mật của Facebook. Ngoài ra, chúng tôi sử dụng Facebook để hiểu rõ hơn về người dùng Trang web và Dịch vụ của chúng tôi và để liên lạc với người dùng về Dịch vụ của chúng tôi.  Ví dụ, chúng tôi có thể sử dụng tính năng này để cung cấp lời nhắc cho người dùng đã không hoàn tất quy trình đăng ký trên Trang web của chúng tôi bằng chức năng Facebook này.  Để biết thêm thông tin về cách chúng tôi tương tác với Công ty quảng cáo, vui lòng xem Mục 4 ở trên và Chính sách Cookie của chúng tôi
Thông báo về Quyền riêng tư cho Cư dân California.
Luật California yêu cầu chúng tôi cung cấp cho bạn một bản tổng hợp các quyền riêng tư của bạn theo Đạo luật Bảo vệ Quyền riêng tư Trực tuyến của California ("Đạo luật") và Bộ luật Kinh doanh và Nghề nghiệp California. Theo yêu cầu của Đạo luật, chúng tôi sẽ cung cấp cho bạn các loại thông tin cá nhân mà chúng tôi thu thập thông qua Trang web và các danh mục bên thứ ba có thể chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân đó nhằm các mục đích tiếp thị trực tiếp theo yêu cầu của bạn. Luật California yêu cầu chúng tôi thông báo cho bạn theo yêu cầu của bạn: (1) các loại thông tin cá nhân mà chúng tôi thu thập và những bên thứ ba mà chúng tôi chia sẻ thông tin đó; (2) tên và địa chỉ của các bên thứ ba đó; và (3) ví dụ về các sản phẩm được tiếp thị bởi các công ty đó. Đạo luật còn yêu cầu chúng tôi cho phép bạn kiểm soát những người bạn không muốn chúng tôi chia sẻ thông tin đó. Để có được thông tin này, vui lòng gửi yêu cầu qua email hoặc thư tiêu chuẩn đến địa chỉ được bên dưới. Khi liên hệ với chúng tôi, vui lòng cho biết tên, địa chỉ, địa chỉ email của bạn và thông tin cá nhân nào bạn không muốn chúng tôi chia sẻ với các đơn vị liên kết hoặc Đối tác Tiếp thị. Yêu cầu sẽ được gửi tới bộ phận pháp lý của chúng tôi và được dán nhãn "Thông báo Lựa chọn Khách hàng của California". Vui lòng cho phép chúng tôi mất 30 ngày để phản hồi. Ngoài ra, xin lưu ý rằng bạn không bị tính phí cho việc kiểm soát việc chia sẻ thông tin cá nhân của mình hoặc yêu cầu nhận thông báo này.
Người dùng Quốc tế; Người dùng từ Khu vực kinh tế châu Âu ("EEA").
Trang web này được lưu trữ tại Hoa Kỳ. Nếu bạn là người dùng truy cập Trang web từ bên ngoài lãnh thổ Hoa Kỳ, với luật hoặc quy định quản lý việc thu thập, sử dụng và tiết lộ dữ liệu cá nhân khác với luật pháp Hoa Kỳ, bạn sẽ chuyển thông tin cá nhân của mình và các dữ liệu cá nhân khác sang Hoa Kỳ không có luật bảo vệ dữ liệu giống như các khu vực khác đó. Bằng cách cung cấp thông tin của bạn cho Trang web, bạn đồng ý chuyển thông tin của mình sang Hoa Kỳ để xử lý và duy trì theo Chính sách Bảo mật và Điều khoản Dịch vụ của chúng tôi. Trừ khi được quy định khác trong mục này, bạn cũng đồng ý với việc áp dụng luật Delaware và kiểm soát luật Liên bang Hoa Kỳ trong tất cả các vấn đề liên quan đến Trang web và Dịch vụ ID.me.
Đối với người dùng từ EEA:
Bạn có các quyền nhất định theo luật pháp châu Âu liên quan đến dữ liệu cá nhân của bạn, bao gồm quyền yêu cầu quyền tiếp cận, sửa chữa, sửa đổi, xóa bỏ hoặc giới hạn việc sử dụng dữ liệu cá nhân của bạn. Nếu bạn muốn thực hiện các quyền này, vui lòng liên lạc với help@id.me. Bạn cũng có quyền nộp đơn khiếu nại với cơ quan giám sát hiện hành ở tiểu bang thành viên ở nơi bạn sống.     Ngoài ra, chúng tôi lưu ý rằng với mục đích của luật châu Âu, chúng tôi hoạt động với tư cách là bên kiểm soát dữ liệu đối với dữ liệu cá nhân của bạn và thường xử lý thông tin của bạn với sự đồng ý của bạn, để thực hiện hợp đồng mà chúng tôi có thể có với bạn (ví dụ: để gửi cho bạn khoản Hoàn tiền hoặc để hoàn thành xác thực danh tính) hoặc để theo đuổi các lợi ích kinh doanh hợp pháp nêu trên (ví dụ: hỗ trợ nỗ lực tiếp thị trực tiếp hay ngăn chặn gian lận.) Như đã thảo luận bên trên, chúng tôi có thể truyền gửi một số thông tin của quý vị đến Mỹ để cung cấp cho quý vị Dịch vụ của chúng tôi.  Do Hoa Kỳ không có luật bảo vệ dữ liệu tương đương bảo vệ việc sử dụng thông tin cá nhân của bạn, chúng tôi tuân theo luật của Liên minh châu Âu bằng cách sử dụng Điều khoản Hợp đồng Tiêu chuẩn được phê duyệt bởi Ủy ban châu Âu hoặc bằng cách thông qua các phương thức khác để bảo đảm các biện pháp bảo vệ tương đương được áp dụng.
12. Liên lạc với chúng tôi
Cho dù bạn là khách hàng mới hay trung thành, chủ nhà hàng, nhà tiếp thị, nhà xuất bản, thành viên truyền thông hoặc người tìm việc, chúng tôi muốn giữ liên lạc và nghe ý kiến ​​của bạn!
Địa chỉ Công ty.
McLean, VA 22102
Dành cho khách hàng.
Có thể gửi các Thắc mắc về Dịch vụ Thành viên đến help@id.me.
Bản quyền © 2018 ID.me, Inc. Bảo lưu mọi quyền.
如果本隱私政策的非英語版本與本隱私政策的英文版本之間存在任何差異，則以英文版本 (可在 https://www.id.me/privacy  取得) 為準。
此隱私權政策揭露於客戶端顯示之 ID.me 服務與網站 (於 www.ID.me 、ID.me 行動應用程式、或 ID.me 技術平台元件，如：群組小工具) 之隱私權作法。未於此隱私權政策定義之名詞則定義於我們的服務條款中。 ID.me , Inco. 係此服務與網站之提供者 (以下簡稱「我們」、「本公司」) 致力於保護造訪或使用本公司服務及/或網站者 (以下簡稱「使用者」或「您」) 之隱私權。 本公司服務與網站提供簡單安全的方式，以供使用者遠端一次驗證身份和所屬群體 (例如：退伍軍人、初期應變人員、特定群組會員)，再依使用者意向將他們的身份和有關資訊分享給使用 ID.me 帳戶進行驗證之第三方。 此外，已註冊之使用者 (「會員」) 可享有由參與計劃之零售商、服務提供者、雇主、福利管理員提供之特定獨家優惠，包括但不限於促銷、折扣、現金回饋、工作與教育機會。 一但確認後，ID.me 帳戶就可作為攜帶式數碼身份，供使用者於第三方夥伴網站建立帳戶，預先匯入使用者資訊，之後使用者即可存取聯盟網站 (包括零售商、服務提供商、雇主、福利管理員等等) 提供之商品、服務、獎勵與/或福利。 註冊時，使用者需提交特定資訊給 ID.me，以供驗證身份、所屬群體，確認使用者符合其他標準。 使用者得選擇連結至 ID.me 帳戶之資訊 (個人資訊與下列詳述之資訊型態) ，且可隨時取消 ID.me 存取前述資訊權利。使用者即可掌控 ID.me 服務與其他網站分享之個人資訊。在某些情境中，使用者分享越多資訊，即可符合標準，獲得越多下述服務條款之 (https://www.id.me/term) 獎勵與福利，例如：優惠、折扣、現金回饋、工作與教育機會。此外，某些聯盟網站可能會要求使用者提供某些最低要求之資訊。若使用者決定不提供此些資訊，可能即無法符合資格，因而無法享有所述商品、服務、福利。 為避免混淆，使用者應了解本公司擁有並經營本服務與網站與其他網站 (例：TroopSwap.com)，但我們並不擁有與經營由第三方擁有與經營之網站，此類網站可能會受益於 ID.me 服務 (以下簡稱「第三方網站」)。本公司提供網站與 ID.me 服務時會收集紀錄資訊，此隱私權政策旨在告知使用者，本公司針對前述資訊之收集、使用、儲存、揭露、銷毀、處置方法。請注意，我們替第三方網站隱私權做法負責，第三方網站無需遵循此隱私權政策。造訪第三方網站、提供 ID.me 帳戶或資訊給於第三方網站上經營或廣告之公司前，使用者應詳閱該網站之隱私權政策，以確定該方處理使用者資訊之方法。請注意，根據使用者與我們之互動 (例：僅瀏覽網站，或建立帳號並於第三方網站使用 ID.me 服務) 而定，此隱私權政策適用部份也因時而異。 請詳閱此隱私權政策。除法律另有規定外，存取此網站即代表您確認已閱讀、了解、同意遵守隱私權政策之所有條款與本網站之服務條款。若您不同意，請勿存取或使用本服務或網站。
1. 隱私權政策變更
2. 收集之資訊種類及資訊使用方式
您提供之資訊。 經您同意後，我們會收集特定個人資訊。註冊取得 ID.me 帳戶和使用 ID.me 服務時，您需提供特定資訊，以供驗證身份與有關資訊，包括但不限於所屬群體 (如：軍人、初期應變人員、學生、退伍軍人等等)、會籍、社群媒體帳戶、教育程度、專業認證等。
「個人資訊」 係用作辨認個人身份之資訊，包括但不限於姓名、郵寄地址、電子郵件 (包括但不限於 .mil 電子郵件)、電話、社會安全碼、生日等等。 
此外，您亦需提供特定額外資訊或由組織和註冊機關，如政府機關、電信網路公司、信用卡局、金融機構、或可存取您的群體資訊、服役紀錄 (可能也含有個人資訊)、您配偶或直系親屬社會安全碼之主管機關。
我們的服務包含使用您提供之資訊，以驗證您的身份以及確認您符合資格，可享有福利，包括促銷、現金回饋、優惠、第三方網站依條件提供之機會。
除使用您的個人資訊提供 ID.me 服務，我們亦會使用前述資訊排解疑難、爭端、完成行政事務、聯絡您、履行與您之協議，包括本網站之服務條款與此隱私權政策、遵循法規、配合執法活動等。 
除此之外，我們會使用前述資訊查核您的資格 (如：現役軍人與學生身份)、查核使用者帳戶詐欺，例如確保貨物是否確實寄送到註冊使用者之地址、避免使用相同資訊建立多重帳戶。 我們自動收集之資訊。 您造訪我們的網站時，ID.me 和或授權之第三方服務提供者與廣告商 (包括於本網站或是本公司行銷文件中刊登廣告者，以下簡稱為「廣告商」)，會自動收集您先前和之後造訪網站之資訊如 URL (統一資源定位器)、您使用的瀏覽器、您的 IP (網路協定) 位址、職業、語言、裝置唯一識別碼、粗略之地理位置、時區 (統稱「自動收集資訊」) 等。收集過程會利用電子工具，如 cookies、網站信標、像素標籤或如第四與第九節所述之行動電話定位能力等 。
我們使用上訴資訊進行疑難排解、管理本網站、分析趨勢、收集人口分布資訊、遵循法規、配合執法活動等。我們亦與或授權第三方服務提供者與廣告商分享此資訊，以衡量線上廣告、內容、程式之效益。在某些情形中，我們會結合自動收集資訊與其他潛在個人識別碼，於 ID.me 驗證過程中，確認您的身份。例如，我們可能會從使用者行動裝置中擷取粗略地理位置，並與使用者自願提供給本網站之地址比對，以確認使用者身份，防止詐欺行為。
為提供美國軍官與美國 SCRA (Service Members Civil Relief Act) (50 U.S.C. App. 501 et. seq.)* 涵蓋者更優質的服務， ID.me 提供服務給金融服務公司與第三方網站，以利遵循 SCRA。加入 ID.me 即代表您同意 ID.me 使用您的個人資料輔助金融服務公司與第三方網站確認您與親屬是否符合資格，可享有 SCRA 福利與保障。ID.me 可能會不定期使用您的個人資訊，確認您與親屬於較長時間區間之資格，以將 SCRA 符合狀態曉知第三方。資訊來源可能包含但不限於公共網站、實體文件、財務資訊、ID.me 網路或與 ID.me 有合約關係之第三方。
*ID.me SCRA 服務範圍涵蓋 SCRA 保障之個人 (例如：現役美國陸軍、空軍、海岸防衛隊、海軍陸戰隊、海軍) (與退伍後特定時間內)，包括重受召集之後備軍人、國民衛隊、空軍國民警衛隊、現役美國衛生署軍官、國家海洋暨大氣總署、符合聯邦或州法規受 SCRA 保障之親屬與受撫養人。  
3. 釋出使用者提供之資訊
為驗證您的身份與您享有由商家與其他服務提供者提供之折扣、現金回饋、其他福利的資格，我們會將您的個人資訊提供給第三方，如政府機關、電信網路業者、金融機關或其他可信可靠之訊息來源。提供給第三方之個人資訊僅作 ID.me 服務身份資格驗證用。我們已與核准註冊機關，如下述實體 (以下簡稱「註冊機關」)，建立關係與流程，我們會以業界標準加密工具傳輸您提供給我們的個人資訊，以防未授權存取。     
您提供我們個人信息，即代表您授權 ID.me 向註冊機構和其他受託實體提供此類信息，以驗證您的身份和資格，以獲得折扣，現金回饋和福利。
我們會將跟您 ID.me 帳戶 (包括現金回饋計劃) 連結之個人資訊，與您同意之第三方網站分享。  您於本網站註冊，即允許我們使用您的 ID.me 帳戶存取、註冊、訂閱第三方網站。未經您的允許，我們不會與第三方網站分享您的個人資訊。但請注意，於第三方網站使用 ID.me 帳戶，即代表您授權我們與該第三方網站分享與您 ID.me 帳戶連結的特定資訊。
ID.me 服務旨在幫助您與第三方網站建立會籍或資料，並自動匯入與您 ID.me 帳戶連結之資訊，以利第三方網站進行交易 。欲確認您享有不同組織提供之福利與折扣，並將您的資格告知第三方網站，就需傳輸個人資訊。ID.me 與第三方網站分享之資訊僅限於 ID.me 認定本文所述交易必要之資訊。將資訊釋出給第三方網站前，您會有機會檢視交易所需之資訊。若無您明確的允許，ID.me 不會將與您 ID.me 連結之資訊分享給第三方網站。使用 ID.me 服務，使用者可決定將個人資訊發送給哪些第三方網站。我們不會將使用者的個人資訊分享給第三方網站，除非使用者授權使用 ID.me 帳戶於第三方網站註冊，或授權第三方網站存取他/她的個人資訊。
我們與授權的第三方服務提供者共享您的資訊。
業務轉移中的資訊。
我們可能會分享您的信息以保護我們與他人。
4. 釋出廣告資訊
您造訪我們的網站時，我們可能會透過廣告公司刊登廣告，廣告也可能包含在行銷訊息中。這些公司可能會使用您造訪本網站或其他網站的資訊，以透過網路標籤，提供您可能有興趣之商品與服務廣告。上述某些廣告公司可能係網路廣告聯盟 (Network Advertising Initiative) 的成員或數位廣告聯盟 (Digital Advertising Alliance) 之成員。 欲了解這些網路的詳情，或退出該公司廣告受眾，請按一下此處：http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp，或按一下 YouAdChoices 圖示。我們亦透過服務提供者追蹤、分析本網站使用者與管理員之去識別化使用與流量統計資訊，並持續增進品質。我們可能也會發佈資訊，以進行促銷或提供代表性的受眾給廣告商。 請注意，此資訊並非上述定義之個人資訊，而只是使用者活動摘要。第三方會代本公司收集此類數據，此類數據由我們擁有使用。
5. 更新予改正資訊
我們相信您能夠取用編輯您提供的個人資訊。您得登入帳戶，存取網站中的「我的帳戶」，以變更個人資訊。您得透過 help@id.me 或寄信至 281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102，更改個人資訊。聯絡我們時，請註明姓名、地址、電子郵件、欲更新之個人資訊。
個人資訊若有變更，建議您及時更新。您得要求刪除/移除帳戶中之資訊，但若法令要求，我們得追蹤特定資訊。 此外，由於備份程序的關係，我們可能無法完全刪除您的所有資訊，但我們會盡商業上合理的最大努力，保護備份資訊，直至我們可以刪除您的資訊為止。
6. 保護銷毀個人資訊
超過必要時間後，我們即不會保存您的個人資料。
我們會保留您的個人資料，直至我們完成法律、合約、政策義務。目前未符合上述義務，我們的保存政策為您使用 ID.me 的時間加上五年。ID.me 一但無法提供服務，會盡商業上合理的最大努力，依照適用法律，以保護和/或安全銷毀您的個人資料。
我們運用業界認可之加密方法，以保護個人資料，防止未授權存取。同樣地，我們亦會使用業界認可之方法，銷毀您的個人資料。
7. 資料收集使用與使用者選項
除非本文另有規定，若您註冊、登入 ID.me 帳戶，包括 ID.me Marketplace，即代表您明確同意透過您提供給我們的電子郵件地址接受電子郵件 (亦即行政或促銷電子郵件，定義如下)。但若您透過第三方網站註冊，除非您明確同意接受促銷電子郵件或您分別以 ID.me，包括 ID.me Marketplace 使用者身份分別登入外，我們不會寄送促銷電子郵件給您。
「行政電子郵件」  與客戶在 ID.me 上的活動有關，包括使用者帳戶、要求、問題、現金回饋、產品服務購買有關。  「促銷電子郵件」 宣傳我們的產品和服務，包括第三方網站的銷售和其他優惠，例如現金現金回饋，就業和教育機會，和/或我們的第三方網站，第三方服務提供商和附屬公司的產品和服務。
您不可取消訂閱行政電子郵件。但您可選擇取消訂閱促銷電子郵件。
8. 資訊安全
9. 資料追蹤
其他追蹤裝置。
10. 第三方網站隱私權政策
11. 其他隱私權問題
未滿 18 歲者不得使用本網站。 我們不會蓄意收集未滿 18 歲者之個人資訊，且本網站設計皆不在吸引未滿 18 歲者。我們不會有意收集 18 歲以下孩童之資訊，因此我們也不會有意將此資訊提供給第三方。若您有理由相信 18 歲以下者提供我們資訊，請透過 support@id.me 聯絡我們，我們會立即刪除該筆資訊，若適用法令另有要求，則不在此限。
公共區域。
使用Facebook。   
若您目前非 ID.me 註冊使用者，您點擊「使用 Facebook 登入」，則必須先登入利用使用者名稱與密碼登入 Facebook。  登入 Facebook 之後，您可選擇使用 Facebook 名稱、電子郵件、性別，註冊與加入 ID.me。  若您不再希望使用 Facebook 電子郵件登入我們的服務網站，您可透過 Facebook 調整設定。您使用 Facebook 登入的功能適用 Facebook 的隱私權政策與做法。ID.me 不就 Facebook 之隱私權做法負責，Facebook 亦無義務遵守本隱私權政策。啟用登入功能前，使用者應檢視 Facebook 的隱私權政策與做法。 此外，我們透過 Facebook 以更加了解本網站和服務之使用者，並與使用者針對我們的服務進行溝通。例如，我們可能會使用此功能，提醒使用者此 Facebook 功能註冊流程尚未完成。欲進一步了解我們如何與廣告公司互動，請見上述 Cookie 政策第四節。
加州居民的隱私權聲明。
國際使用者；歐洲經濟區 (EEA) 之使用者。
對於EEA的用戶：
12. 聯絡我們
公司地址。
McLean,VA 22102
版權所有 ©2018 ID.me，Inc。保留所有權利。
En cas d'incohérence entre une version non anglaise et la version anglaise de cette politique de confidentialité, la version anglaise (disponible à https://www.id.me/privacy ) prévaudra à tous égards.
Cette politique de confidentialité présente les pratiques de confidentialité du service et du site web ID.me (se trouvant à l'adresse www.ID.me, l'application mobile ID.me ou les éléments de la plate-forme technologique d'ID.me (tels que les widgets de groupes affiliés présents sur les sites web de ses clients)). Tous les termes non définis dans cette politique de confidentialité sont définis dans nos conditions d'utilisation. ID.me, Inc., le fournisseur du service et du site web (ci-après dénommé « nous »), s'engage à protéger la vie privée des personnes qui naviguent ou utilisent le service ou le site web (dénommés ci-après les « utilisateurs » ou « vous »). Le service et le site web fournissent aux utilisateurs un moyen simple et sécurisé de confirmer en une fois à distance leur identité et leurs affiliations (par exemple, anciens combattants, premiers répondants et membres d'autres groupes désignés), puis de partager leur identité et ses attributs associés à leur discrétion avec des parties se basant sur ces confirmations, via le compte ID.me. En outre, les utilisateurs enregistrés (« membres ») peuvent accéder à certains avantages exclusifs, notamment des offres, des rabais, des remises en argent et des opportunités d'emploi et de formation offertes par des détaillants, fournisseurs de services ou administrateurs de prestations participants. Une fois validé, le compte ID.me constitue une identité numérique unique et portable que les utilisateurs peuvent ensuite utiliser pour créer un compte sur un site web tiers et pré-remplir ce compte avec les informations de l'utilisateur et accéder ensuite aux produits et services, récompenses ou avantages d'un réseau étendu de sites web participants (y compris des détaillants, fournisseurs de services, employeurs, administrateurs de prestations, etc.). Dans le cadre du processus d'inscription, les utilisateurs sont tenus de soumettre certaines informations à ID.me afin que nous puissions vérifier l'identité de cet utilisateur et ses affiliations à des groupes et déterminer la conformité avec d'autres critères d'admissibilité. Les utilisateurs peuvent décider quelles informations spécifiques (informations personnelles et autres formes d'informations décrites plus en détail ci-dessous) sont liées à leur compte ID.me et peuvent à tout moment révoquer l'accès d'ID.me à ces informations. Ce faisant, les utilisateurs peuvent contrôler dans quelle mesure ces informations sont partagées avec d'autres sites web liés au service ID.me. Dans certains cas, plus les utilisateurs partagent d'informations, plus ils sont en mesure de bénéficier de récompenses et d'avantages, tels que des offres, des rabais, des remises en argent et des opportunités d'emploi et de formation auxquels les utilisateurs pourraient être admissibles, comme décrit dans nos conditions d'utilisation (https: //www.id.me/terms).  En outre, certains sites web participants pourraient exiger que les utilisateurs fournissent une certaine quantité minimale d'informations, et la décision de l'utilisateur de ne pas fournir ces informations peut avoir une incidence sur son admissibilité au bien, au service ou aux avantages proposés.  Pour éviter toute confusion, les utilisateurs doivent comprendre que, bien que nous détenions et exploitions le service et le site web et certains autres sites web (par ex. TroopSwap.com), nous ne possédons ni n'exploitons les sites web possédés et exploités par des tiers qui pourraient faire usage du service ID.me (dénommés collectivement ci-après « sites web tiers ») Cette politique de confidentialité vise à informer les utilisateurs de notre collecte, utilisation, stockage et divulgation, destruction et élimination des informations que nous recueillons ou enregistrons dans le cadre de la prestation du site web et du service ID.me. Veuillez noter que nous ne sommes pas responsables des pratiques de confidentialité des sites web tiers et que ceux-ci ne sont en aucun cas tenus de respecter la présente politique de confidentialité. Avant de visiter des sites web tiers et de fournir un compte ID.me ou toute autre information à toute partie exploitant ou faisant de la publicité sur des sites web tiers, les utilisateurs doivent consulter la politique et les pratiques de ces sites web pour déterminer comment seront gérées les informations recueillies auprès des utilisateurs. Veuillez noter également que, selon l'interaction spécifique de l'utilisateur avec nous (par ex., les utilisateurs qui naviguent uniquement sur le site web et les utilisateurs qui créent un compte et utilisent le service ID.me sur des sites web tiers), différentes parties de cette politique peuvent s'appliquer à différents moments. Veuillez lire attentivement cette politique de confidentialité. Sauf disposition contraire de la loi, par votre accès ou votre utilisation du site web, vous reconnaissez avoir lu, compris et accepté les termes de cette politique de confidentialité et les conditions d'utilisation du site web. Si vous n'acceptez pas ces conditions, veuillez ne pas accéder au service ou au site web ou les utiliser.
1. Modifications de la politique de confidentialité
Si nous décidons de modifier cette politique de confidentialité, nous publierons ces modifications sur cette page afin que vous sachiez quelles informations nous recueillons, comment nous les utilisons et dans quelles circonstances nous les divulguons, le cas échéant.  Nous nous réservons le droit de modifier cette politique de confidentialité à tout moment; veuillez donc la consulter fréquemment. Si nous apportons des modifications significatives à cette politique, nous vous en informerons ici, par courriel ou par un avis sur notre page d'accueil.
2. Types d'informations recueillies et utilisations des informations recueillies
Nous recueillons des informations auprès des utilisateurs de deux manières :
Informations que vous nous fournissez.  Nous recueillons certaines informations personnelles avec votre consentement. Lorsque vous vous inscrivez afin d'obtenir un compte ID.me et utilisez le service ID.me, vous devez fournir certaines informations afin de confirmer votre identité et vos attributs, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les affiliations à des groupes (par ex. forces armées, premiers répondants, étudiants, anciens combattants, etc.), adhésions, comptes de médias sociaux, diplômes et certifications professionnelles.
 Les « informations personnelles »  sont les informations permettant d'identifier une personne en particulier, y compris, sans s'y limiter, nom et prénom, adresse postale, adresse courriel (y compris, sans s'y limiter, les adresses .mil), numéro de téléphone, numéro d'assurance sociale et date de naissance.
En outre, il vous sera demandé de fournir certaines informations ou documents supplémentaires d'organisations et d'autorités d'enregistrement telles que des agences gouvernementales, des réseaux de télécommunications, des agences de crédit, des institutions financières ou des agents autoritaires similaires ayant accès à vos références d'affiliation à des groupes, vos dossiers militaires (qui peuvent également contenir des informations personnelles), le numéro d'assurance sociale de votre conjoint ou membre de votre famille immédiate, votre ou vos affiliation(s) militaire(s), dates de service actif et de service de réserve, et des informations relatives à vos comptes auprès d'institutions financières.
Nous utilisons les informations que vous nous fournissez dans le cadre du service ID.me afin de valider votre identité et votre admissibilité à des avantages, notamment certaines offres, remises en argent, occasions ou opportunités offertes par des sites web tiers qui sont soumises à certaines exigences d'admissibilité.
En plus d'utiliser vos informations personnelles pour fournir le service ID.me, nous utilisons également ces informations pour le dépannage, le règlement de différends, les tâches administratives, les contacts avec vous, la mise en application de nos accords avec vous, y compris des conditions d'utilisation du site web et de la présente politique de confidentialité, le respect des lois applicables et la coopération avec les autorités chargées de l'application de la loi.
En outre, nous utilisons ces informations pour vérifier votre admissibilité (par ex. les affiliations de groupe telles que le statut de militaire en service actif ou d'étudiant), auditer les comptes d'utilisateurs pour détecter les fraudes, par exemple en vérifiant que les achats sont livrés à des adresses d'utilisateurs enregistrées, et afin d'empêcher la création de comptes ID.me surnuméraires contenant des informations identiques. Informations que nous recueillons automatiquement. Lorsque vous visitez notre site web, ID.me et nos fournisseurs de services et annonceurs tiers autorisés (y compris les sociétés faisant de la publicité sur notre site web ou dans notre matériel marketing, appelés « annonceurs ») recueillent automatiquement des informations telles que l'URL du site web visité avant d'accéder à notre site web, l'URL du site web visité après avoir quitté notre site web, le type de navigateur utilisé, votre adresse IP, votre emploi, votre langue, votre identifiant unique d'appareil, votre emplacement géographique approximatif et votre fuseau horaire (dénommés collectivement les « informations recueillies automatiquement »). Ce type de collecte est effectué à l'aide d'outils électroniques tels que les témoins (cookies), les balises web, les balises pixel ou les fonctions basées sur la localisation sur votre appareil mobile, et est décrit plus en détail dans les sections 4 et 9 ci-dessous.
Nous utilisons les informations ci-dessus pour le dépannage, gérer le site web, analyser les tendances, recueillir des données démographiques, respecter les lois applicables et coopérer avec les autorités chargées de l'application de la loi. Nous partageons également ces informations avec nos fournisseurs de services et annonceurs tiers autorisés et afin de mesurer l'efficacité globale de nos publicités, contenus et programmes en ligne. Dans certains cas restreints, nous combinons les informations recueillies automatiquement avec d'autres identifiants, qui pourraient permettre une identification personnelle, afin de confirmer votre identité dans le cadre du processus de vérification d'ID.me. Par exemple, nous pourrions combiner un emplacement géographique approximatif obtenu à partir de l'appareil mobile d'un utilisateur avec les informations sur l'adresse que l'utilisateur a volontairement soumises sur le site web afin de confirmer l'identité de l'utilisateur et prévenir tout comportement frauduleux. 
Afin de mieux servir les membres des forces armées américaines et autres membres du personnel couverts par le « Service Members Civil Relief Act » (SCRA) (50 USC App. 501 et. seq.)*, ID.me fournit des services à des sociétés de services financiers et des sites web tiers afin de faciliter leur conformité aux dispositions du SCRA. Par votre inscription sur ID.me, vous autorisez ID.me à utiliser vos informations personnelles pour aider les sociétés de services financiers et les sites web tiers à déterminer si vous ou un membre de votre famille êtes admissibles à des bénéfices et protections en vertu du SCRA. ID.me pourrait utiliser vos informations personnelles pour confirmer votre admissibilité ou l'admissibilité du membre de votre famille à un moment ultérieur pour informer des tiers de tout changement de votre statut d'admissibilité relatif au SCRA. Les sources de ces informations peuvent inclure, sans toutefois s'y limiter, les sites web accessibles au public, la documentation physique, les informations financières, le réseau d'ID.me ou des tiers ayant une relation contractuelle avec ID.me.
*La portée des services en vertu du SCRA offerts par ID.me inclut toutes les personnes protégées par le SCRA (y compris, par exemple, les membres des forces armées, de l'armée de l'air, des garde-côtes, des marines et de la marine des États-Unis en service actif (et pour une période définie après leur démobilisation), y compris les réservistes, les membres de la garde nationale et de la garde nationale aérienne qui ont été mobilisés et les officiers en service actif du service de santé publique et de l'administration océanique et atmosphérique, et, le cas échéant, conformément aux lois et règlements fédéraux ou des États, les personnes à charge et les membres de la famille d'une personne protégée par le SCRA).
3. Divulgation d'informations fournies par l'utilisateur
Nous ne partagerons, vendrons, louerons ou échangerons vos informations personnelles avec aucune tierce partie, sauf dans le but de vérifier votre identité et votre admissibilité aux programmes et avantages identifiés ou sur réception de votre consentement, comme indiqué ci-dessous :
Nous partagerons vos informations personnelles avec les entités nécessaires pour valider votre compte ID.me et vous fournir le service ID.me.
Afin de vérifier votre identité et votre admissibilité à recevoir des rabais, des remises en argent et autres avantages de commerçants et d'autres fournisseurs de services, nous fournirons vos informations personnelles à des tiers tels que des agences gouvernementales, des réseaux de télécommunications, des institutions financières ou d'autres sources fiables et dignes de confiance. Notre transmission de vos informations personnelles aux parties susmentionnées vise uniquement à vérifier votre identité et votre admissibilité au service ID.me. Nous avons établi des relations et des protocoles avec des autorités d'enregistrement reconnues telles que les entités décrites ci-dessus (les « autorités d'enregistrement »), afin que toute transmission des informations personnelles que vous nous fournissez soit effectuée à l'aide d'outils de cryptage répondant aux normes du secteur afin de protéger ces informations de tout accès non autorisé.
En nous fournissant des informations personnelles, vous autorisez ID.me à fournir ces informations aux autorités d'enregistrement et à d'autres entités de confiance afin de vérifier votre identité et votre admissibilité à recevoir des remises et des avantages.
Nous partagerons certaines informations personnelles liées à votre compte ID.me (y compris le programme de remises en argent d'ID.me) avec des sites web tiers dans les cas où vous nous y autorisez.  Vous nous accordez cette permission par votre inscription sur le site web et votre utilisation de votre compte ID.me pour accéder, vous enregistrer, vous abonner et utiliser de toute autre manière des sites web tiers. Nous ne partageons pas vos informations personnelles avec des sites web tiers sans votre permission. Cependant, veuillez noter qu'en utilisant votre compte ID.me sur des sites web tiers, vous nous autorisez expressément à partager certaines informations personnelles liées à votre compte ID.me avec ces sites web tiers.
Le service ID.me est conçu pour vous permettre de créer une adhésion ou un profil avec un site web tiers et d'effectuer une transaction avec un site web tiers par un transfert automatique des informations personnelles liées à votre compte ID.me. Ce transfert d'informations personnelles est nécessaire pour vérifier votre admissibilité à recevoir des avantages ou des rabais de la part de diverses organisations et pour communiquer cette admissibilité aux sites web tiers. Les informations partagées par ID.me avec les sites web tiers se limiteront aux informations personnelles qu'ID.me, à sa seule discrétion, jugera nécessaire pour effectuer les transactions décrites dans les présentes. Vous aurez la possibilité d'examiner les informations requises pour effectuer une transaction avant la transmission de vos informations à un site web tiers. ID.me ne donnera à des sites web tiers aucun accès aux informations liées à votre compte ID.me sans votre autorisation explicite. Dans le cadre de leur utilisation du service ID.me, les utilisateurs peuvent décider quels sites web tiers reçoivent leurs informations personnelles. Nous ne partagerons pas les informations personnelles d'un utilisateur avec un site web tiers à moins que l'utilisateur n'autorise ce partage en utilisant son compte ID.me pour s'inscrire sur le site web tiers ou pour autoriser l'accès du site web tiers à ses informations.
Nous partageons vos informations avec des fournisseurs de services tiers autorisés.
Nous fournissons certains services et produits du site web par l'intermédiaire de fournisseurs de services tiers. Ces fournisseurs de services exécutent des fonctions en notre nom, telles que l'envoi et la distribution de nos courriels administratifs et promotionnels. Nous pourrions partager vos informations personnelles avec de tels fournisseurs de services pour supprimer des dédoublements d'informations sur les listes de clients, analyser des données, fournir une assistance marketing, fournir des résultats de recherche et des liens, traiter des paiements par carte de crédit, dépanner et assister la clientèle. Nous pourrions également recueillir des informations personnelles auprès de personnes et de sociétés avec lesquelles nous avons des relations commerciales contractuelles (« sociétés affiliées »). Cependant, nous n'accordons à ces entités aucun droit d'utilisation, et nous interdisons par voie contractuelle leur utilisation, de vos information à des fins autres que la prestations de services à ID.me et à vous.
informations en cas de transfert d'entreprise.
À l'instar de toute autre entreprise, nous pourrions fusionner avec, ou être acquis par, une autre entreprise, ou nous pourrions éventuellement demander la protection des lois applicables sur les faillites. Dans un tel cas, les informations des utilisateurs obtenues et conservées par Id.me, y compris les informations personnelles, seront transférées à une entité remplaçante dans le cadre de la fusion, la consolidation, la vente d'actifs, la faillite ou tout autre changement d'entreprise. Les informations d'utilisateur soumises avant un tel transfert demeureront soumises aux conditions de cette politique de confidentialité (telle qu'elle existait à la date de soumission). Cependant, les informations sur les utilisateurs soumises après un transfert à une entité remplaçante pourraient être soumises à une nouvelle politique de confidentialité adoptée par l'entité remplaçante.
Nous pourrions partager vos informations pour notre protection et la protection des autres.
Nous nous réservons le droit de divulguer vos informations personnelles lorsque requis par la loi et lorsque nous pensons qu'une divulgation est nécessaire pour protéger nos droits ou nous conformer à une procédure judiciaire, à une ordonnance du tribunal ou à un processus judiciaire signifiés à notre site web, faire respecter ou mettre en œuvre cette politique de confidentialité, les conditions d'utilisation de notre site web ou d'autres accords, ou enquêter, prévenir ou prendre des mesures en réponse à des activités suspectes ou interdites, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, les fraudes et les situations impliquant des menaces potentielles pour la sécurité physique de toute personne ou pour empêcher une perte financière pour toute personne ou entité, ou protéger d'une autre manière les droits, la propriété ou la sécurité du site web, de ses utilisateurs ou de tiers.
4. Divulgation d'informations publicitaires
Nous pourrions divulguer ou partager des informations non personnelles avec des fournisseurs de services et des sociétés affiliées. Par exemple, nous pourrions partager des données démographiques agrégées (qui n'incluent aucune information personnelle) avec des annonceurs ou des agences de publicité (les sociétés qui nous aident à diffuser nos publicités ou « sociétés de publicité ») et d'autres parties, comme indiqué ci-dessous :
Nous pourrions recourir aux services de sociétés de publicité pour afficher des publicités lorsque vous visitez notre site web ou dans le cadre de nos messages de marketing. Ces sociétés peuvent utiliser des informations sur vos visites sur ce site web et sur d'autres sites afin de fournir, par le biais de balises réseau, des publicités sur des produits et services susceptibles de vous intéresser. Certaines de ces sociétés de publicité pourraient être des réseaux publicitaires membres de la Network Advertising Initiative (« NAI ») ou de la Digital Advertising Alliance (« DAA »). Si vous souhaitez plus d'informations sur ces réseaux ou si vous souhaitez vous désinscrire des publicités ciblées de leurs sociétés membres, veuillez visiter le site suivant : http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp ou cliquer sur l'icône YouAdChoices. Nous faisons également appel à des fournisseurs de services pour suivre et analyser les données statistiques dépersonnalisées sur l'utilisation et le volume provenant de nos utilisateurs afin de gérer notre site web et d'améliorer sa qualité de manière constante. Nous pouvons également communiquer ces informations à des fins promotionnelles ou pour présenter un public représentatif aux annonceurs. Veuillez noter qu'il ne s'agit pas d'informations personnelles telles que définies ci-dessus, mais uniquement de résumés généraux des activités de nos utilisateurs. Ces données sont recueillies en notre nom et nous en sommes propriétaires et utilisateurs. 
5. Mise à jour et correction des informations
Nous estimons que vous devriez être en mesure d'avoir accès et d'apporter des modifications aux informations personnelles que vous nous fournissez. Vous pouvez modifier vos informations personnelles en vous connectant à votre compte et en accédant à la section « Mon compte » sur le site web. Vous pouvez mettre à jour vos informations personnelles en nous envoyant un courriel à help@id.me ou en nous écrivant à l'adresse 8281 Greensboro Drive, Suite 600, McLean, VA 22102. Veuillez inclure dans votre message votre nom, adresse postale et courriel et indiquer quelles informations vous souhaitez mettre à jour.
Nous vous encourageons à mettre à jour vos informations personnelles dans les plus brefs délais si  celles-ci changent. Vous pouvez demander à ce que les informations de votre compte soient supprimées ou retirées; cependant, nous pourrions conserver une trace de certaines informations si la loi l'exige. En outre, il pourrait nous être impossible de supprimer complètement toutes vos informations en raison de nos procédures de sauvegarde, mais nous déploierons des efforts commercialement raisonnables pour protéger ces sauvegardes jusqu'à ce que nous puissions détruire vos informations.
6. Protection et destruction des informations personnelles
Nous ne conserverons aucune de vos informations personnelles plus longtemps que nécessaire.
Les informations personnelles seront conservées jusqu'à ce que nous ayons rempli nos obligations de nature juridique, contractuelle et de politique.  À l'heure actuelle, afin de remplir ces obligations, notre politique de rétention stipule une période égale à la durée de votre compte ID.me plus cinq ans.  Si les services d'ID.me sont interrompus, ID.me déploiera tous les efforts commercialement raisonnables pour protéger ou détruire en toute sécurité vos informations personnelles conformément à la législation en vigueur.
Pendant la période de rétention de vos informations personnelles, nous utilisons des méthodes de cryptage reconnues par le secteur pour protéger ces informations contre tout accès non autorisé.  De plus, au moment de détruire vos informations personnelles, nous utilisons des méthodes reconnues par le secteur pour effectuer une telle destruction.
7. Choix offerts à l'utilisateur en matière de collecte et d'utilisation des informations
La décision de partager des éléments spécifiques de vos informations personnelles avec le service ID.me (et, le cas échéant, avec des sites web tiers) vous appartient exclusivement. Vous pouvez décider de fournir en tout ou en partie les informations demandées par le site web au cours du processus d'inscription, et à tout moment, vous pouvez décider de supprimer certaines des informations que vous avez précédemment fournies. Toutefois, si vous refusez de fournir les informations ci-dessus, il pourrait vous être impossible d'ouvrir un compte ID.me ou d'accéder à certains avantages du service ID.me (notamment certaines promotions, remises en argent, offres ou opportunités offertes par des sites web tiers qui sont soumises à certaines exigences d'admissibilité).
Sauf indication contraire dans le présent document, si vous vous inscrivez ou vous connectez au service ID.me, y compris au ID.me Marketplace, vous consentez expressément à recevoir de notre part des courriels (c'est à dire des courriels administratifs et des courriels promotionnels, tel que défini ci-dessous) à l'adresse courriel que vous avez fournie.  Cependant, nous ne vous enverrons pas de courriels promotionnels si vous vous êtes inscrit via un site web tiers, à moins que vous ne consentiez expressément à recevoir ces courriels ou vous inscriviez ou vous connectiez séparément au service ID.me, y compris le ID.me Marketplace. 
Les « courriels administratifs » se réfèrent aux interactions de l'utilisateur avec le service ID.me et incluent les courriels concernant le compte de l'utilisateur, les demandes de renseignements ou autres adressées par l'utilisateur, les notifications de remises en argent obtenues et d'achats de produits et services. les « courriels promotionnels » sont utilisés pour annoncer nos produits et services, y compris les ventes et autres offres de sites web tiers, comme les promotions de remises en argent, les possibilités d'emploi et de formation ou les produits et services de sites web tiers et de sociétés affiliées.
Les courriels administratifs ne peuvent pas être désactivés.  Vous pouvez toutefois refuser de recevoir des courriels promotionnels.
Si vous ne souhaitez plus recevoir de courriels promotionnels de notre part, vous devez nous envoyer un courriel à l'adresse feedback@id.me, nous écrire à l'adresse incluse dans le présent document ou cliquer sur le bouton « se désabonner » au bas de nos courriels et effectuer toutes les étapes supplémentaires indiquées, le cas échéant. Lorsque vous nous contactez, veuillez inclure votre nom, votre adresse postale et votre courriel et indiquer que vous ne souhaitez plus recevoir tous ou certains courriels promotionnels.
8. Sécurité des informations
Nous prenons la sécurité au sérieux et prenons de nombreuses précautions afin de garantir la sécurité des informations personnelles. Vous pouvez accéder à vos informations personnelles sur notre site web en saisissant votre mot de passe et votre adresse courriel. Ce mot de passe est haché (de sorte qu'il ne soit pas récupérable mais demeure unique). Nous vous recommandons de ne pas communiquer votre mot de passe à qui que ce soit. De plus, vos informations personnelles sont stockées sur un serveur sécurisé auquel seuls un nombre restreint de membres du personnel et de sous-traitants ont accès.   Malheureusement, on ne peut garantir à 100 % la sécurité des transmissions de données sur Internet ou sur un réseau sans fil. Par conséquent, bien que nous prenions des mesures de sécurité commercialement raisonnables pour protéger les données et nous efforcions d'établir des partenariats avec des fournisseurs de services faisant de même, nous ne pouvons garantir la sécurité des informations transmises vers ou depuis le site web et ne pouvons être tenus responsables pour les actes de tierces parties qui pourraient obtenir ces informations.
9. Suivi des données
Témoins.
Pour faciliter et personnaliser votre expérience sur le site web, nous stockons des témoins sur votre ordinateur. Un témoins est un petit fichier texte stocké sur l'ordinateur d'un utilisateur à des fins d'archivage et contenant des informations sur cet utilisateur. Nous utilisons des témoins pour vous faire gagner du temps lors de l'utilisation du site web, nous rappeler qui vous êtes, gérer les remises en argent et suivre et cibler les intérêts des utilisateurs afin de leur fournir une expérience personnalisée. Les témoins nous permettent également de collecter des informations non personnelles, telles que les pages que vous avez consultées et les liens sur lesquels vous avez cliqué. Ces informations nous aident à offrir une expérience plus conviviale aux visiteurs sur notre site web. En outre, nous pourrions recourir aux services de sociétés de publicité pour afficher des publicités sur notre site web. Dans le cadre de la fourniture de ces services, ces sociétés pourraient stocker des témoins distincts sur votre ordinateur. Nous n'avons aucun accès ou contrôle sur ces témoins. Cette politique de confidentialité couvre exclusivement l'utilisation de témoins par le site web et ne s'applique pas à l'utilisation de témoins par un site web, un fournisseur de services ou une société affiliée tiers. La plupart des navigateurs acceptent automatiquement les témoins, mais vous pouvez modifier les paramètres de votre navigateur pour les refuser. Veuillez noter que si vous refusez ou supprimez ces témoins, certaines parties du site web, y compris notre programme de remises en argent, risquent de ne pas fonctionner correctement.  Pour plus d'informations concernant notre utilisation des témoins sur notre site web, veuillez consulter notre politique en matière de témoins ici.
Autres dispositifs de suivi.
Nous pourrions utiliser d'autres technologies standard telles que les balises pixels et les balises web pour suivre votre utilisation des pages et des promotions de notre site web, ou nous pourrions autoriser nos fournisseurs de services à utiliser ces dispositifs en notre nom. Les balises de pixels et les balises web sont de petites images graphiques placées sur certaines pages de notre site web ou dans nos courriels, qui nous permettent de déterminer si vous avez effectué une action spécifique. Lorsque vous accédez à ces pages ou ouvrez ou cliquez sur un courriel, les balises de pixels et les balises web génèrent une note de cette action. Les balises pixel nous permettent de mesurer et d'améliorer notre compréhension du trafic et du comportement des visiteurs sur notre site web, et nous permettent de mesurer nos promotions et notre performance. Nous pourrions également utiliser aux mêmes fins des balises de pixels et des balises web fournies par nos affiliés ou nos partenaires de marketing. À l'heure actuelle, le site web n'est pas configuré pour répondre aux signaux DNT (« ne pas suivre ») des navigateurs web.
10. Politiques de confidentialité des sites web tiers
Cette politique de confidentialité concerne uniquement l'utilisation et la divulgation des informations que nous recueillons auprès de vous sur notre site web.  D'autres sites web, y compris des sites web tiers, pourraient être accessibles via ce site web et détenir leurs propres politiques de confidentialité et pratiques de collecte, d'utilisation et de divulgation des données. Si vous suivez un lien vers un tel site web, nous vous recommandons de consulter la politique de confidentialité de ce site. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des politiques ou des pratiques de tierces parties.
11. Autres considérations en matière de confidentialité
Si vous avez des questions ou des plaintes concernant notre politique ou nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité, veuillez nous contacter à l'adresse help@id.me.
Moins de 18 ans.
Les personnes de moins de 18 ans ne sont pas autorisées à utiliser le site web. Nous ne recueillons pas sciemment d'informations personnelles auprès de personnes âgées de moins de 18 ans, et aucune partie du site web n'est conçue pour attirer des personnes de moins de 18 ans. Comme nous ne recueillons pas intentionnellement d'informations auprès de personnes de moins de 18 ans, de même, nous ne distribuons pas sciemment ces informations à des tiers. Si vous avez des raisons de croire qu'une personne de moins de 18 ans nous a fourni des informations, veuillez nous contacter à l'adresse support@id.me et nous supprimerons immédiatement ces informations, sous réserve et conformément aux lois applicables.
Espaces publics.
Nous pourrions fournir des zones sur le site web où vous pouvez afficher publiquement des informations sur vous-même, communiquer avec d'autres personnes (par ex. des forums de discussion ou des blogues) ou évaluer des produits et soumettre des contenus multimédias. Ces informations pourraient être accessibles à d'autres consommateurs et sociétés et apparaître sur d'autres sites web ou dans des résultats de recherches sur le web. Par conséquent, ces informations pourraient être lues, recueillies et utilisées par d'autres. Par exemple, si vous publiez votre adresse courriel dans une évaluation d'un produit ou d'un service, vous pourriez recevoir des messages non sollicités provenant d'autres utilisateurs enregistrés. Nous n'avons aucun contrôle sur qui lit vos messages ou sur l'usage que les autres utilisateurs pourraient faire des informations que vous publiez volontairement. Veuillez donc faire preuve de prudence lorsque vous publiez des informations personnelles. Nous demandons le consentement de nos utilisateurs pour publier leur nom en même temps que leurs commentaires.
Utilisation de Facebook.
Si vous n'êtes pas actuellement inscrit en tant qu'utilisateur sur ID.me et cliquez sur « Connexion via Facebook », vous devrez d'abord vous connecter à Facebook à l'aide de votre nom d'utilisateur et de votre mot de passe Facebook.  Après votre connexion à Facebook, vous aurez la possibilité de vous inscrire sur ID.me en utilisant votre nom Facebook, votre adresse courriel et votre sexe.  Si vous ne souhaitez plus vous connecter à notre service via votre messagerie Facebook, vous pouvez modifier ce paramètre via Facebook. Votre utilisation de Facebook pour cette fonction de connexion est soumise à la politique et aux pratiques de confidentialité de Facebook. Id.me n'est pas responsable des pratiques de confidentialité de Facebook et Facebook n'a aucune obligation de se conformer à la présente politique de confidentialité. Avant d'activer cette fonction de connexion, les utilisateurs doivent consulter la politique et les pratiques de confidentialité de Facebook.  De plus, nous utilisons Facebook pour mieux comprendre les utilisateurs de notre site web et de notre service, et pour communiquer avec nos utilisateurs au sujet de notre service.  Par exemple, nous pourrions utiliser cette fonctionnalité pour envoyer des rappels aux utilisateurs n'ayant pas terminé leur processus d'inscription sur notre site web via cette fonction de Facebook.  Pour plus d'informations sur la façon dont nous interagissons avec les sociétés de publicité, veuillez consulter la section 4 ci-dessus et notre politique en matière de témoins.
Avis relatif au droit à la vie privée pour les résidents de Californie.
La loi californienne exige que nous vous fournissions un résumé de vos droits à la vie privée en vertu de la loi « California Online Privacy Protection Act » (la « loi ») et du « California Business and Professions Code ». Comme l'exige la loi, nous vous fournirons les catégories d'informations personnelles que nous recueillons via le site web et les catégories de tierces parties avec lesquelles ces informations personnelles pourraient être partagées à votre demande à des fins de marketing direct. La loi californienne exige que nous vous informions, à votre demande, (1) des catégories d'informations personnelles que nous recueillons et des tiers avec lesquels nous partageons ces informations, (2) des noms et adresses de ces tiers et (3) des exemples de produits commercialisés par ces sociétés. La loi nous oblige également à vous permettre de décider avec qui vous ne voulez pas que nous partagions ces informations. Pour obtenir ces informations, veuillez envoyer une demande par courriel ou par la poste à l'adresse ci-dessous. Dans votre message, veuillez indiquer votre nom, votre adresse, votre adresse courriel et les informations personnelles que vous ne souhaitez pas que nous partagions avec des sociétés affiliées ou des partenaires de marketing. La demande doit être envoyée à l'attention de notre service juridique, avec l'étiquette « California Customer Choice Notice ». Veuillez prévoir un délai de réponse de 30 jours. De plus, veuillez noter qu'aucun frais n'est exigible pour le contrôle du partage de informations personnelles ou la demande de cet avis.
Utilisateurs internationaux; utilisateurs résidant dans l'Espace économique européen (« EEE »).
Ce site web est hébergé aux États-Unis. Si vous êtes un utilisateur accédant au site depuis des pays autres que les États-Unis dont les lois et règlements régissant la collecte de données personnelles diffèrent des lois des États-Unis en matière de collecte, d'utilisation et de divulgation de données personnelles, vous transférez vos informations personnelles et autres données personnelles aux États-Unis, où les lois en matière de protection des données sont distinctes des lois des pays en question. En fournissant vos informations sur le site web, vous consentez au transfert de vos informations vers les États-Unis aux fins de traitement et de maintenance, conformément à la présente politique de confidentialité et à nos conditions d'utilisation. Sauf indication contraire dans cette section, vous consentez également à l'application de la loi du Delaware et à l'application de la loi fédérale américaine pour tout ce qui concerne le site web et le service ID.me.
Pour les utilisateurs résidant dans l'EEE :
Vous détenez certains droits en vertu de la législation européenne en ce qui concerne vos données personnelles, y compris le droit de demander l’accès, la correction, la modification, la suppression ou la limitation de l’utilisation de vos données personnelles. Si vous souhaitez exercer ces droits, veuillez contacter help@id.me. Vous pourriez également avoir le droit de déposer une plainte auprès de l'autorité de surveillance compétente dans l'État membre où vous résidez.     En outre, nous signalons qu'aux fins des lois européennes, nous faisons office de contrôleur de données pour vos données personnelles et en règle générale, nous traitons vos informations avec votre consentement, afin de respecter les contrats que nous pourrions avoir avec vous (par exemple, pour vous remettre des remises en argent ou compléter la vérification de l'identité) ou de poursuivre nos intérêts commerciaux légitimes énumérés ci-dessus (par exemple pour appuyer les efforts de marketing direct ou prévenir la fraude).   Comme indiqué ci-dessus, nous pourrions transférer certaines de vos informations aux États-Unis afin de fournir nos services.  Les États-Unis n'ayant pas de législation équivalente sur la protection des données protégeant l'utilisation de vos informations personnelles, nous nous conformons au droit de l'Union européenne par le recours à des clauses contractuelles standard approuvées par la Commission européenne ou par d'autres moyens afin de nous assurer que des protections adéquates sont en place.
12. Nous contacter
Que vous soyez un client nouveau ou de longue date, un restaurateur, un agent de commercialisation, un éditeur, un membre des médias ou un demandeur d'emploi, nous aimerions rester en contact et vous entendre !
Adresse de l'entreprise. 
McLean, VA 22102
Pour les clients.
Les demandes de renseignements relatifs aux services aux membres peuvent être adressées à help@id.me.
Droits d'auteur © 2018 ID.me Inc. Tous droits réservés.
