Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Arise (“Arise,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) values the privacy of the individuals who use our technology, websites, and related services (collectively, the “Arise Platform”). This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information from website and platform users (“Users”).
Information We Collect
Device Information. Arise receives information from your devices, including IP address, location, web browser type, mobile operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, push notification tokens, and, if you register with your social media account (such as Facebook, Google or LinkedIn), your applicable social media identifier.
Usage Information. To help us understand how you use the Arise Platform and to help us improve it, we automatically receive information about your interactions with the Arise Platform, like the pages or other content you view, your actions within the Arise Platform, and the dates and times of your visits.
Call, Email and Text Information. We work with third-party partners to facilitate calls, emails and text messages to you. We may receive information about these communications including the date and time of the call, email or SMS message, and whether the call was answered or the message was received or opened.
Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies. We collect information through the use of “cookies”, tracking pixels, and similar technologies to understand how you navigate through the Arise Platform and interact with Arise advertisements, to learn what content is popular, and to save your preferences. Cookies are small text files that web servers place on your device; they are designed to store basic information and to help websites and apps recognize your browser. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be accessed every time you use the Arise Platform. You should consult your web browser(s) to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from us, you may be missing out on certain features of the Arise Platform.
Third Party Cookies. We use third party technologies, such as Facebook Analytics and Google Analytics, to help us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.  Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to improve the Arise platform and your experience. We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways, including Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn.  These sites may set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
B. Information You Provide to Us
Website. You can visit our website without having to tell us who you are or reveal any identifiable personal information to us. It is only when you request more information or register to use the Arise Platform that you will be asked to provide us with identifiable personal information.
User Profile Information. When you register to use the Arise Platform, you give us your name, email address, phone number, date of birth, physical address, Social Security number and certain other information. We share certain of this information with our partners who help us by running background checks and identity verifications on Users for security purposes.
Payment Method. When you use a credit card on the Arise Platform, a third party that handles payments for us will receive your card information. To keep your financial data secure, we do not store credit card information on our servers.
Communications. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you. For example, when you contact our Partner Support Team, we may receive the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide.
Payment Information. To make sure companies using the Arise Platform get paid, we keep information about companies’ bank routing numbers, tax information, and any other payment information provided by business owners.
C. Information We Collect from Third Parties
Third Party Partners. Once you register to use the Arise Platform, we may receive additional information about you, such as demographic data, payment information, or fraud detection information, from third party partners and combine it with other information that we have about you.
Background Information. Arise works with third party partners to perform identity verification and criminal background checks on individuals registered to use the Arise Platform, and we may receive information from them such as publicly available information about a User’s criminal history.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect from all Users to:
Provide, improve, expand, and promote the Arise Platform;
Provide services to Users and their companies;
Analyze how Users uses the Arise Platform;
Communicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for marketing and promotional purposes;
Personalize the Arise experience for you;
Call you or send you emails and text messages;
Facilitate transactions and payments;
Provide you with support;
Find and prevent fraud; and
Respond to security, confidentiality and safety issues that may arise, and requests from government authorities.
Additionally, we use the information we collect from Users for the following purposes related to servicing on the Arise Platform:
Sending emails and text messages to Users who have started the registration process regarding the status of their registration;
Determining a User’s eligibility to use the Arise Platform; and
Notifying Users about servicing opportunities and service updates.
How We Share the Information We Collect With Third Parties
We may share your information with our third-party partners in order to receive additional information about you or to provide services to you.
Clients. We will transfer information about you to clients if you are servicing one of such client’s programs via the Arise Platform.
Third Party Services. The Arise Platform may allow you to connect with other websites, products, or services that we don’t have control over. If you use these services, we will provide the third party with information about you to allow them to provide the service to you. We can’t speak to the privacy practices of these third parties, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies before deciding whether to use their services.
Service Providers. We work with third party service providers to perform services on our behalf, and we may share your information with such service providers to help us provide the Arise Platform.
Other Sharing. We may share your information with third parties in the following cases:
While negotiating or in relation to a change of corporate control such as a restructuring, merger or sale of our assets;
If a government authority requests information and we think disclosure is required or appropriate in order to comply with laws, regulations, or a legal process;
With law enforcement officials, government authorities, or third parties if we think doing so is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of a client or its customers, Arise, or the public;
To comply with a legal requirement or process, including but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures.
If you signed up for a promotion with another User’s referral or promotion code, with your referrer to let them know about your redemption of or qualification for the promotion;
To provide information about the use of the Arise Platform to potential business partners in aggregated or de-identified form that can’t reasonably be used to identify you; and
Whenever you consent to the sharing.
Your Choices
Email Subscriptions. You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or promotional emails but we will still send you transactional and relational emails about your use of the Arise Platform. You can opt out of receiving marketing emails from Arise by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing email.  To opt out of all other emails from Arise, email WithdrawConsent@arise.com .  Please include your name, the name of your call center, your email address, and your User/CSP ID.
Text Messages. You can opt out of receiving all texts from Arise by editing your contact information in your profile in the Arise portal.  Unselect the check box at the bottom left-hand side of the page that says “Check here to confirm your agreement to receive text messages from Arise” and save the change. After opting out of the text message feature, you will stop receiving text messages within 24 hours.  If you are unable to login to the portal, please send an email to WithdrawConsent@arise.com withdrawing your consent to receive test messages. Please include your name, the name of your call center, your phone number and your User/CSP ID.
Editing and Accessing Your Information. You can review and edit certain account information by logging in to your profile. If would like to terminate your Arise account, please open a ticket with Partner Support. If you choose to terminate your account, we will deactivate it for you but may retain information from your account for a certain period of time and disclose it in a manner consistent with our practices under this Privacy Policy for accounts that are not closed. We also may retain information from your account to collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, analyze usage of the Arise Platform, assist with any investigations, prevent fraud, enforce our agreements, or take other actions as required or permitted by law.
EU Privacy Shield
The information that we collect from you will be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), primarily in Miramar, Florida, Miami, Florida and Culpeper, Virginia. It will also be processed by staff operating in Miramar, Florida and throughout the United States who work for us, as well as certain third-party vendors. 
We comply with the EU-US Framework regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries.  We have certified that we adhere to the privacy shield principles as defined by the U.S. Department of Commerce (“Privacy Shield Principles”).  For more information about the Privacy Shield Principals, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ . If there is any conflict between the terms of this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles will govern. 
Arise commits to adhering to the Privacy Shield Principles and applies these to all personal information we collect. (See above “Information We Collect” and “How We Use the Information We Collect.”)  Arise includes the following entities: Arise Holdings Inc., Arise Virtual Solutions Inc., Arise Virtual Solutions (Canada) Inc., Arise Virtual Solutions International Limited and Arise Virtual Solutions Limited.
Arise may share information with third parties.  (See above “How We Share the Information We Collect With Third Parties.”) Within the scope of our authorization to do so, and in accordance with our commitments under the Privacy Shield, Arise will work with any third party partners to provide individuals access to personal data about them that we hold on behalf of our partners. Arise also will take reasonable steps to enable individuals, either directly or in connection with the third-party partners, to correct, amend, or delete personal data that is demonstrated to be inaccurate.  Arise may transfer data within the Arise family of companies and to third parties, including service providers and other partners. In accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Arise is liable for any processing of personal data by such third parties that is inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles unless Arise was not responsible for the event giving rise to any alleged damage.
Personal data may be subject to disclosure pursuant to legal requests or other judicial and government process, such as subpoenas, warrants, or orders.  Arise’s compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
Please contact us at EU_Privacy@arise.com with any questions or concerns relating to our Privacy Shield certification. You have the option to resolve any applicable disputes you have with us in connection with our certification through the International Centre for Dispute Resolution by the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR/AAA”), an alternative dispute resolution provider based in the United States. You can contact ICDR/AAA through their website http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html . In certain circumstances, the Privacy Shield Framework provides the right to invoke binding arbitration to resolve complaints not resolved by other means, as described in Annex I to the Privacy Shield Principles.
Other Information
Data Security. We are committed to protecting your data. Even though we take reasonable precautions to protect your data, no security measures can be 100% secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of your data.
Children’s Privacy. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If we find out that a child under 18 has given us personal information, we will take steps to delete that information. If you believe that a child under the age of 18 has given us personal information, please email us at WithdrawConsent@arise.com .
Changes to Our Privacy Policy. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, we will let you know through the Arise Platform, by email, or other communication. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy periodically to stay up-to-date about our privacy practices. As long as you use the Arise Platform, you are agreeing to this Privacy Policy and any updates we make to it.
Last Updated: May 15, 2018
Contact
 
 
00 Days
00 Hours
00 Minutes
00 Seconds
