Manage, organize, and share your favorite websites and educational resources in a safe, online environment.
Built for educators, Symbaloo makes it easy to engage students by delivering the right content, in the right place, at the right time, to the right person.
Start!
Why Symbaloo?
Symbaloo is the #1 choice for teachers, schools and districts who are seeking the best way to organize their online content. You can use Symbaloo to store and share websites, videos, documents, and anything else with a web link!
Symbaloo brings together...
Content
Anything with a web link can be stored on Symbaloo! You can also use the Learning Paths tool to make your own online lesson plans with embedded quizzes, articles, and more!
in the right
Place
Symbaloo is a web-based platform that is accessible with any device from home, at school, or on-the-go!
at the right
Time
Educators have full control over when specific content or lesson plans are available to students.
to the right
Person
Group your users in any way you see fit and give access to whomever you choose. Or, use Symbaloo as an individual and keep everything private, it’s your choice!
Your online resources, together in one place
With a Symbaloo account, you can save and organize all of your favorite websites, videos, documents, articles and more - all in one place! Symbaloo is available from anywhere, with any device.
Each link is saved in a beautiful, tile-based interface that can be customized in thousands of different ways. Use folders, color-coding, labeling, custom backgrounds, or any of our other cool features to create the perfect web platform for yourself or your students!
Did you know? ‘Symbaloo’ is an ancient Greek verb meaning “bringing together” or “gathering”!
Access your resources from anywhere
Easily add resources with the bookmarker
Get Symbaloo for Your School or District
Symbaloo PRO+ allows your school or district to manage all web resources on a powerful, easy-to-use platform.
Join the many schools and districts that are already working with Symbaloo
Rockdale ISD
Ontario-Montclair School District
Southwest Parke Schools
Kedron Elementary School
Organizers of the Year’s Largest EdTech Party
Edtech Karaoke
Since 2012, Symbaloo has organized and hosted the Edtech Karaoke party at major education conferences across the United States. Each year, we bring together thousands of educators to sing, celebrate, and make a night to remember!
Learn more or register to join us at this year’s party by clicking here!
Trusted by Teachers
"I love to share resources using Symbaloo. It has also helped with adding gamification in my class by creating a Symbaloo webmix that can be used as a level. The sequenced tiles make Symbaloo even better for adding gamification to my class!" Bobby Lewis ( @usabbs )
"There is no other website/digital tool that has helped me more as an educator! I received more feedback about our Symbaloo webmixes than any other resource within the library. Students and teachers loved it....and parents thought it was wonderful being able to stay connected to the tools and resources their children needed." Shannon Miller ( The Library Voice )
"Symbaloo is a great way to organize assignments for students, paperwork for my administrators, and all those important resources for myself. My students love it because it is easy to follow. My colleagues love it because of its versatility. When I present these at EdCampATL and conferences, it's amazing to see the ideas that come out of the sessions!" David Lockhart ( EdTechSpeedDating )
"Symbaloo offers an excellent, easy to use, platform for my students. They can choose the materials they want to use from the pictures, which is so helpful for my 1st graders! Symbaloo has saved us lots of time on our computers!" Meghan Zigmond ( ZigZagsTech )
"If you haven't tried @Symbaloo check it out. It is an awesome visual website for organizing all your online resources!" Derek Bezeau ( @LVS_Principal )
"I love to share resources using Symbaloo. It has also helped with adding gamification in my class by creating a Symbaloo webmix that can be used as a level. The sequenced tiles make Symbaloo even better for adding gamification to my class!" Bobby Lewis ( @usabbs )
"There is no other website/digital tool that has helped me more as an educator! I received more feedback about our Symbaloo webmixes than any other resource within the library. Students and teachers loved it....and parents thought it was wonderful being able to stay connected to the tools and resources their children needed." Shannon Miller ( The Library Voice )
"Symbaloo is a great way to organize assignments for students, paperwork for my administrators, and all those important resources for myself. My students love it because it is easy to follow. My colleagues love it because of its versatility. When I present these at EdCampATL and conferences, it's amazing to see the ideas that come out of the sessions!" David Lockhart ( EdTechSpeedDating )
Symbaloo is OneRoster compliant, bringing your teachers and students together using:
Have we sparked your interest?
Here are the different types of Symbaloo accounts:
Symbaloo PRO (Free)
Connect with SIS (OneRoster)
All features included in PRO+ for Schools
Connect with SIS (OneRoster)
