WHAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVERS
Copart Direct (“Copart Direct” or “us” or “we”) is a business of Copart, Inc., a Delaware corporation. This policy covers how Copart, Inc. and its subsidiaries and Copart Direct (collectively, “Copart”) treats personal information that Copart Direct collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Copart Direct services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable, such as your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Copart Direct does not own or control, or to people that Copart Direct does not employ or manage.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
General
Copart Direct collects personal information when you sell a vehicle to or request a quote from Copart Direct or one of our affiliates.
When you request a quote or sell a vehicle to Copart Direct, we may ask for information such as your name, address, email address, phone number, zip code, and other information related to the vehicle. Once you contact us and use our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Copart Direct collects information about your transactions with us, including information relating to vehicles you sell through us or our affiliates.
Copart Direct automatically receives and records information on our server logs regarding your sessions on Copart Direct websites or through the websites and related cookie information.
Copart Direct uses information for the following general purposes: to contact you to facilitate your vehicle sale or to provide you with a vehicle quote, to coordinate any title transfer and ownership of the vehicle, and to comply with laws and regulations related to vehicle sales by you.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
Copart Direct does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to (i) provide products or services you’ve requested, (ii) when we have your permission, or (iii) under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Copart Direct under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Copart Direct communicate with you about offers from Copart Direct. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information;
We provide the information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, or upon receipt of a request from law enforcement;
If we are unable to make an offer on your vehicle, we provide the information to a third party who may contact you to market their products or services to you. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these third parties, please contact our customer service desk at CopartDirect@Copart.com ;
Copart Direct does not otherwise share personal information with third parties unless doing so is appropriate to carry out a user’s request or it reasonably believes that doing so is legally required or is in Copart Direct’s interest to protect its property or other legal rights or the rights or property of others;
We transfer information about you to Copart, any other affiliates as necessary for title and transfer processing, and to any state and federal regulatory agencies as required by law.
INTERNATIONAL VISITORS AND CUSTOMERS
This website is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the EU and by providing your personal data you consent to:
the use of your personal data for the purposes identified above in accordance with this privacy policy; and
the transfer of your personal data to the United States as indicated above.
SAFE HARBOR CERTIFICATION
Copart Direct is a business of Copart. Copart adheres to the Safe Harbor principles negotiated between the United States and the EU, and the United States and Switzerland, regarding data protection for customer data and personal data Copart receives when you donate a vehicle us, our affiliates, or to a non-profit partner. Accordingly, when visiting this website or providing personal data to Copart Direct, Copart Direct has taken steps to ensure the adequate protection of the processing of your personal data. For more information about the Safe Harbor principles, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce website at http://export.gov/safeharbor/ .
ONLINE TRACKING INFORMATION AND “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS
When you visit this site, other parties such as third-party advertising partners and analytics providers may collect information about your online activity over time and across websites. This information may include identifiers that may permit those parties to serve tailored ads to your computer. Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, Copart Direct currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS
We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer, tablet, mobile or handheld device, or any other access device (each an “Access Device”). The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this website to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites. Copart Direct may use cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). In addition, Copart Direct uses encrypted cookies to authenticate the user on each page after the user logs onto the website. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser or through the appropriate “settings” icon of certain Access Devices. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. Some Copart Direct features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled.
Our website may contain electronic images known as Web Beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used. Web Beacons may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns. Our website may also contain Web Beacons that are set by our third party partners. Web Beacons are used along with cookies enabling our partners to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used. We use a third party to gather information about how you and others use our website. For example, we will know how many users access a specific page and which links they clicked on. We use this aggregated information to understand and optimize how our site is used.
THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our website may include links to other websites whose privacy policies may differ from ours. I you submit personal information to any of these websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any website you visit.
COMMUNICATIONS
We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to Copart Direct services, including but not limited to notifications, service announcements, and administrative messages without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. Should you choose not to receive certain communications your access to or use of certain services may not be possible.
DATA STORAGE
Copart Direct may store your account information active in our databases indefinitely following the termination of your account with Copart Direct to the maximum extent permitted by law.
CONFIDENTIALITY AND SECURITY
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
If Copart Direct learns of a security systems breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this website or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this website. Copart Direct may post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs. Copart Direct may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us at CopartDirect@Copart.com .
Copart Direct takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. No data transmission over the Internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. The following is a summary of the measures Copart Direct takes to protect your information and descriptions of ways we implement these measures for different types of information you may provide to us:
Secure Socket Layer (SSL) – Copart Direct uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as financial services information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. Any time Copart Direct asks you for a credit card number for payment or for verification purposes, it will be SSL encrypted. The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers. Once you choose to store or enter your credit card number on Copart Direct, it will not be displayed back to you in its entirety when you retrieve or edit it in the future. Instead of the entire number, you will only see asterisks and either the first four digits or the last four digits of your number.
Vendors and Partners – Copart Direct works with vendors and partners to protect the security and privacy of user information.
Employee and Contractor Access to Information – Copart Direct limits access to personal information about you to those employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
Education and Training for Employees – Copart Direct has implemented a company-wide education and training program about security that is required of every Copart Direct employee.
ENFORCEMENT
As part of Copart’s annual Safe Harbor certification process, Copart and Copart Direct will review its compliance with this privacy policy. If you have any questions, complaints or disputes regarding the manner in which Copart Direct handles or protects your data, please bring it to our attention at CopartDirect@Copart.com .
With respect to any complaints regarding compliance with this privacy policy received from any European Union, European Economic Area or Switzerland resident that cannot be resolved through Copart Direct’s internal processes, Copart Direct agrees to participate in the dispute resolution procedures of the appropriate data protection authorities and, where required, to take appropriate steps to address any concerns and assure future compliance.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Copart Direct may update this policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated date” on the Privacy Policy. For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the Personal Information we collect. Your continued use of this website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Statement and any updates.
UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION OR POSE A QUESTION OR SUGGESTION
If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided to use through your use of Copart Direct service or otherwise, please contact Member Services at CopartDirect@Copart.com for assistance.
If you have a question or a suggestion for improving this Privacy Policy, please send an email to CopartDirect@Copart.com .
Copart Direct
Legal Department
Dallas, TX 75254
We Buy Used Cars in Any Condition
 
