ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY
Your personal privacy is important to us and we are conscious and respectful of it. We provide this information to make you aware of our Online Privacy Policy and the kind of information we collect and how we use it.
Consent to Privacy Policy
BY USING THIS SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY OUR ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO OUR ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE. This Online Privacy Policy only applies to our online activities.
Information This Site Collects
We collect personally-identifying information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address) if you voluntarily submit that information to us by email or other means.
When you send us an email, we may retain the content of the email and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have.
When purchasing tickets or merchandise or registering for promotions at this site, we may ask for your:
Name
Email address
Information Automatically Collected
When you visit our site, certain non-identifying information may be automatically collected about you such as your service provider, browser type, operating system, pages accessed on this site, the date and time of access, and the domain name of the site from which you linked to our site.
This information is used internally to improve customer service and help enhance the efficiency and use of our site and your time spent online at our site.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small files or records placed on your computer’s hard drive to collect information about your activities on our site. The cookies transmit this information back to us and enable us to make the site more effective and productive.
Most people do not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit a web site because their browsers are typically set to accept cookies. You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie placements. You can refer to your browser Help instructions to learn more about cookies.
Submission of Information
All information transmitted or otherwise submitted to us via this site shall be deemed to be our property and we shall be free to use such information for any lawful purpose. We shall not have any obligation to keep such information confidential, except as required by law. We may share anonymous, aggregated information about all our users with third parties. We may disclose personally identifiable information to companies whose practices are not covered by this privacy notice that want to market products or services to you.
We reserve the right to disclose any information in our possession if we are required to do so by law or legal process or if we believe, in good faith, that such a disclosure is necessary to comply with law.
You should note that electronic transmissions to and from this site are not confidential and may be read or intercepted by others. Please be aware that if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or to linked sites, and you do so at your own risk.
Opt-out of Receiving Further Marketing
Periodically, you may be contacted about our various products and services or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such contacts, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. Or, at any time you can easily opt-out of receiving such further marketing by  clicking here .
How Secure Is My Information?
We strive to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software and 128 bit encryption to encrypt information you input.
The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (Under Age 13)
We take children’s privacy seriously and do not knowingly collect personal information from children through our site. If a child provides us with personally identifiable information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and unsubscribe the child from any further contact opportunities.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
This site contains links to web sites owned by third parties. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and are not an endorsement by us of the contents on those other sites.
When you click on links and banners on our site that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. Please be aware that other sites that may be accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to us are not covered by this Online Privacy Policy.
While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we are not responsible for the actions of any third-party sites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of any and every site you visit whether you are linking from our site or browsing on your own.
Please note that our stock price quote link is to a web site maintained by Yahoo!®Finance which we neither monitor nor endorse. Information on this site may be in error.
Changes to Online Privacy Policy
We reserve the right, at our complete discretion, to make changes to our site or our Online Privacy Policy at any time. You should check this Web site periodically to see if any recent changes to this Online Privacy Policy have occurred.
Column 1
DOVERSPEEDWAY.COM IS PART OF THE NASCAR DIGITAL MEDIA NETWORK.
