Recruiter Chat Privacy And Security Policy Notice And Disclaimer
GoArmy.com is committed to protecting your personal privacy. Therefore, your participation in the GoArmy.com chat room and any other communication with GoArmy.com officials is governed by the following guidelines to protect your privacy and security.
Disclosure of any information by you, whether in the text of a GoArmy.com chat room session, or any personal data contained in an e-mail message, including an e-mail address, is strictly voluntary. You are under no obligation whatsoever to offer a recruiter any information.
Please remember that any information that you reveal in a public forum (such as a bulletin board, mail list, or chat room) is not subject to this Privacy Policy and will be seen by other persons in addition to the Army representatives and may be used by them for some purpose other than recruiting. Therefore, you are cautioned not to offer any information of a personal or sensitive nature. Our recruiters will do their best to identify and ban other participants in the chat room(s) that may be collecting information on, or from, any individual for any purpose other than Army and Army Reserve recruiting, but cannot guarantee that it will not happen. In most cases where a transfer of personal information is desired, a recruiter will try to draw you into a 'private' conversation room or ask you to send an e-mail message with the information you wish to offer, thus better protecting your privacy.
Any information the United States Army collects on you from a Recruiter chat session, or an e-mail message, will only be used by the Army for the purpose of recruiting soldiers into America's Army and Army Reserve. The authority for the collection of this information is Title 10, United States Code, Section 503.
Federal law prohibits the United States Army from releasing any information offered by you to any person or organization outside the Department of Defense. Should you offer any personal history, medical history, contact data or any other information, the Army Marketing and Research Group (AMRG) warrants that any information collected will be used by the Army for recruiting purposes only.
We encourage participants to create a nickname just for the Recruiter Chat room, one that tells about an interest in their life or their personality. The nickname gives chatters a chance to build an online identity specific to the Recruiter Chat environment and protect their privacy at the same time. Many people prefer to use their real names only to communicate with people they already know and their chat room nickname when they are in rooms with new people. If you prefer to use your real name to chat, you can do that, but understand that your personal privacy will not be protected as it would be with a fabricated nickname.
Official Recruiter Chat recruiters and counselors will be identified in the chat room(s) by the two or three letter abbreviation of their rank (i.e., STET, SSG, SFC for military), or by the use of the title "Mr." and their last name, separated by a hyphen or an underscore. If you are not an official recruiter, please refrain from using this naming convention. If you are a participant, know that individuals in the chat room(s) can rename themselves at any time.
The Army Marketing and Research Group (AMRG) reserves the right to record all activity in any chat room which it sponsors and maintains. The raw information gathered in these sessions may be analyzed as part of the Army's continuing effort to provide the best Army and Army Reserve information services to the public. Raw data logs are used for no other purpose and are scheduled for regular destruction.
The United States Army Recruiting Web site (GoArmy.com) is provided as a public service by the Army Marketing and Research Group (AMRG) and the Department of the Army.
Information presented on the Army Recruiting Web site is considered public information and may be distributed or copied. Use of photographs, videos and music requires permission remain the property of the Army or copyright owner and may not be reproduced except by permission.
Privacy Act Notice: Authority: Title 10 US Code Sections 503, 505, 508, and 12102; and Executive Order 9397. Principal purposes: Used by the Army to obtain data used in determining eligibility of applicants, and to establish records of applicants. Social security number is used to keep records accurate, because other people may have the same name and birth date. Routine uses: Record is maintained with other recruiting and enlistment processing records and only for military recruiting purposes. The Department of Defense has published notices in the Federal Register describing the systems of records in which your records will be maintained. Disclosure: Voluntary; however, delays in providing you materials you request may result should you not provide complete information.
For site management, information is collected for statistical purposes. This government computer system uses software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas.
For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, this government computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage.
Except for authorized law enforcement investigations, no other attempts are made to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw data logs are used for no other purposes and are scheduled for regular destruction in accordance with National Archives and Records Administration General Schedule 20.
For site navigation purposes only, cookies are used in a limited manner. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of a Web site if you do so.
Unauthorized attempts to upload information or change information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be punishable under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986 and the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act.
Penalty for False Statements. The US Criminal Code (Title 18 US Code Section 1001) provides that whoever, in any matter within the jurisdiction of the Government of the United States, knowingly and willfully - (1) falsifies, conceals, or covers up by any trick, scheme, or device a material fact; (2) makes any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representation; or (3) makes or uses any false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry; shall be fined or imprisoned not more than 5 years, or both.
Have any questions or comments? Email Us
HAVE A QUESTION?
SGT STAR can help answer any question you have about the Army.
CONTACT US
