We at Triblio (Triblio, Inc.) are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to both our websites (Websites), including www.triblio.com and our Subscription Service (the Subscription Service). Our Privacy Policy explains:
What information we collect and why we collect it.
How we use that information.
How to opt out and unsubscribe
By using the Websites or the Subscription Service, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Websites or the Subscription Service.
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. If you subscribe to the Subscription Service, then you will receive notice when this Privacy Policy is modified. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
EU – U.S. Privacy Shield
Triblio complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. Triblio has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/
We are responsible for the processing of personal data we receive under the Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfer to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, we are subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission.
You may direct any inquiries or complaints related to our Privacy Shield compliance to [email protected] If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
Important Information
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a new version online. You should check this page occasionally to review any changes. If we make any material changes we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on our Websites and, if you subscribe to our Subscription Service. This helps you to always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, it is disclosed. Your continued use of the Websites, the Subscription Service, and/or continued provision of Personal Information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our treatment of the information you provide us, please write to us by email at [email protected]
Use of the Subscription Service
Our online Subscription Service allows any company that uses it (our customers and Triblio itself) to personalize content experience on their websites for visitors from specified organizations or groups of organizations. To do so, Triblio will identify visitor from a specific organization by matching IP address information of the visitor to the organization. Triblio may also use a “cookie” to link the visitor to the specific organization in visits. This information, which is stored and managed on our service providers' servers, is then used so that visitors may be served content that is relevant to them. Triblio provides the Subscription Service to our customers for their marketing campaigns, and we use it on our Websites for our own marketing campaigns.
“Sensitive Information” refers to credit or debit card numbers, personal financial account information, Social Security numbers, passport numbers, driver's license numbers or similar personal identifiers, racial or ethnic origin, physical or mental health condition or information, or other employment, financial or health information. Triblio does not permit the Subscription Service to be used to store, track or manage Sensitive Information.
Information We Collect
We collect information in the following ways:
Information you explicitly give to us. For example, on the Triblio website, you may give us your business related contact information to access high value content such as webinars, ebooks or videos. Users of our Subscription Service are also required to sign in with email address and password. We do not ask for any personal contact information or Sensitive Information.
Information we get from your use of our services. We collect information about the services that you use and how you use them. This information includes but not limited to:
IP Address information
We may collect and process IP address in the use of the Subscription Service. When a visitor visits a website using the Subscription Service, the IP address of the visitor may be captured and processed to identify the organization that the visitor is coming from and to personalize the website content to be relevant to the visitor.
Navigational information
We may record the navigation patterns of a given visitor on a website that uses the Subscription Service. This includes being able to identify the content that a particular visitor may interact with while on the website.
Local storage
We may collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage and application data caches.
Cookies and similar technologies
We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a website that uses the Subscription Service, and this may include using “cookies” or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
How We Use Information We Collect
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy. Customers who subscribe to our Subscription Services are obligated through our agreements with them to comply with this Privacy Policy.
We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use the information we collect to: (a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites and to improve the Subscription Service; (b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means; (c) send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, and (d) provide other companies with statistical information about our users -- but this information will not be used to identify any individual user. e) allow the users of our Subscription Service to personalize the website experience of visitors who visit their websites.
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect and secure the information we collect. Data-at-rest is encrypted with 256bit encryption. Transmitted data is protected by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
If you have any questions about the security of information, you can contact us at [email protected]
We retain information that you provide us as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about the Subscription Service or our other services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, and then we securely delete the information. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in "Opting Out and Unsubscribing" below. If you provide information to our customers as part of their use of the Subscription Service, our customers decide how long to retain the personal information they collect from you. If a customer terminates its use of the Subscription Service, then we will provide customer with access to all information stored for the customer by the Subscription Service for export by the customer according to our agreement with our customer. After termination, we may, unless legally prohibited, delete all customer information, including any of your collected information, from the use of the Subscription Service.
We reserve the right to use or disclose the information we collect if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
Opting Out and Unsubscribing
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails, or by sending us email us at [email protected] , or by sending us postal mail to Triblio, Inc, 12007 Sunrise Valley Drive, Reston, VA, 20191, USA, Attention: Privacy. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or the Subscription Service.
Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. You can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly.
