Privacy Policy
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to give you a summary of the ways in which REVIEWS.ORG collects, maintains, and uses your information. Please feel free to contact us by email at privacy@reviews.org or by mail at Review.org, Privacy Department, 5202 W. Douglas Corrigan Way, STE 300, Salt Lake City, Utah 84116 with any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information we gather about you.
How We Collect Your Information
We gather information about you as you use our websites, contact our customer service representatives, fill out online order forms or information request sheets, and provide your information to our sales agents. We use cookies and pixel tags to track your usage of our websites. We also use online order forms and information request sheets to obtain information from you necessary to process your orders and provide you with requested information. When you call the numbers on our websites and speak with our customer service representatives, we collect information provided during the call to ensure the best quality of service and the correct processing of your orders.
Information We Collect
We collect various types of Customer Information. A summary of the types of information that we collect is set forth below:
-Customer Contact Information. Your Customer Contact Information is any information needed to contact you and fulfill your orders and requests such as your name, address, phone number, fax number, and email address.
-Private Customer Information. Private Customer Information is that information that may be necessary to check credit and process payments. Such information includes your Social Security Number, credit card information, and banking and wiring information.
-Customer Order Information. Customer Order Information is that information necessary to complete your orders and requests for information. Such information may include your Customer Contact Information, programming and packaging selections, your billing and shipping information, as well as other details pertaining to your order of products and services through us.
-Demographical Information. Demographical Information is publicly available information that we may learn about you regarding such things as your age, income, home ownership, household size, etc. that helps us to provide you with better offers for products and services.
-Website Usage Information. Website Usage Information is information that we collect, via anonymous third-party cookies, that tells us about the way you use and navigate through our websites.
– This site uses proprietary analytics systems to help improve usability and the customer experience. We may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, scrolling activity, user agent, browser version, operating system, browser extensions installed, browser features enabled, and other non-personally identifiable behavioral and non-behavioral information. You can choose to disable these features by electing to use the private browser setting and/or disabling javascript. Note, that doing so will disable other features that this site may employ.
 Security Measures
Reviews.org has implemented a variety of encryption and security technologies and procedures to protect information stored in our computer systems from unauthorized access. We also maintain procedural safeguards that restrict access to your Customer Information to employees (or people working on our behalf and under confidentiality agreements) who need to know your Customer Information in order to provide the products and services that you request.
Use and sharing of customer information
All of your Customer Information is used in an effort to process your orders and requests and to provide you with the products and services you desire. We may share your Customer Information with third parties in order to complete your purchases of products and services as described below. In addition, your Customer Information may be used and shared in an effort to present to you other special offers and promotions that may become available. The extent to which we use and share your Customer Information depends upon the nature of and purpose for which we use and share it. A summary of how we share your Customer Information with third parties is set forth as follows:
-With Third Party Product and Service Providers. We share your Customer Information, as needed, to the third parties who actually provide the products and services you request. We frequently act as a third party marketer and seller of various brand name products and services, and we provide these companies with the information necessary to carry out your orders. How these companies use your Customer Information, once we have passed it on to them, is governed by their respective privacy policies and procedures.
-With Third Party Advertisers. Although we never share your Private Customer Information with any third parties, except with the Third Party Product and Service Providers described above, we may share other types of your Customer Information with third party advertisers who are able to use that information to provide you with special offers or promotions. The ways in which such advertisers may subsequently use your Customer Information is governed by their own privacy policies and procedures. You may opt out from having us share your Customer Information with Third Party Advertisers by following the steps in the next section.
-With Third Party Cookies. We allow third-parties to collect anonymous information when you visit our website and to use that information to serve ads for our products or services when you visit the other websites. These third-parties may use anonymous information (e.g., navigational, non-personally identifiable information, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, etc.) during your visits to our website in order to provide advertisements about our goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These parties may use a cookie or a third party web beacon, or other technologies, to collect this information.
Opt-out Procedures
-Email Promotions. To opt out from receiving further email communications from us regarding other offers and promotions, you may email us at privacy@review.org or write to Reviews.org, Privacy Department, 5202 W. Douglas Corrigan Way, STE 300, Salt Lake City, Utah 84116.
-Third Party Cookies. To opt-out of anonymous third-party advertising cookies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
Telemarketing
IMPORTANT – PLEASE READ: By providing your contact information, including your telephone number, on this Web site, you are expressly granting us permission to contact you even though you may have previously chosen to have your telephone number added to any Do-Not-Call List including lists maintained by us, or any local, state or federal government agency. In addition, your state may have laws that prevent us from calling you on your mobile/cellular telephone. If you use a mobile/cellular telephone as your primary means of communication, please call us toll-free in the U.S. and Canada at 855-586-5399.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our business. If we change how we use your Customer Information or the purposes or entities for and to which we disclose your Customer Information we will post the policy change notification on our web site.
Access to information
Should you have any questions about the Customer Information we have about you or to access your information that we have on file, you may email us at privacy@review.org or write to Reviews.org, 5202 W. Douglas Corrigan Way, STE 300, Salt Lake City, Utah 84116. We may ask you to pay an administrative fee for accessing or copying your information, but will inform you of the anticipated charges and confirm that you want us to proceed before processing your request. If you believe that the Customer Information about you that we have collected is incomplete or inaccurate, Reviews.org will correct the information upon verification of the omission or error and that the person requesting the change is the person about whom the Customer Information relates.
If you are a Resident of California or Delaware
If you are a California or Delaware resident, in addition to the rights set forth above, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of your Customer Information with third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. California and Delaware law provides that you have the right to submit a request to us at the designated address and receive the following information:
The categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year.
The names and addresses of third parties that received such information: and
If the nature of a third party’s business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party’s name, examples of the products or services marketed.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. Our designated email address for such requests is privacy@reviews.org
If you are a Purchaser in Washington State:
Washington State requires that sales or use tax is due on certain purchases. The seller may or may not collect and remit retail sales tax on a purchase. Washington state requires the purchaser to file a use tax return if retail sales tax is not assessed at the time of a taxable sale. If the seller to whom the purchaser is referred does not collect retail sales tax on a subsequent purchase, the seller may be required to provide information to the purchaser and the department about the potential sales or use tax liability.
This notice is provided under the requirements of L. 2017 Section 205(3). For additional information regarding whether and how to remit sales or use tax consumers may visit the Washington State Department of Revenue website at https://dor.wa.gov/.
The Effective Date hereto shall be January 1, 2018.
 
Stay updated on the latest products and services anytime, anywhere.
Sign Up
Disclaimer: The information featured in this article is based on our best estimates             of pricing, package details, contract stipulations, and service available at the time of writing. All             information is subject to change. Pricing will vary based on various factors, including, but not limited to, the customer’s location, package chosen, added features and equipment, the purchaser’s             credit score, etc. For the most accurate information, please ask your customer service representative.             Clarify all fees and contract details before signing a contract or finalizing your purchase.
Our mission is to help consumers make informed purchase decisions. Our affiliate compensation allows us to             maintain an ad-free website and provide a free service to our readers. For more information, please see our disclosures page .
All Content © 2018 Reviews.org. All Rights Reserved.
Top
