We're sorry. You’re using an outdated browser. For the best experience, please consider upgrading to the most current version of your browser.
Committed to Your Privacy
 
The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and its affiliates (collectively, "Goodyear") respect individual privacy and value the confidence of our associates, customers, vendors and others with whom we do business. Goodyear strives to process Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we do business.
You are not required to provide any PII to use this site. Any information you do provide through this site will be maintained in a reasonably secure manner and will only be used or disclosed in a manner consistent with the purposes for which you provide the information, or as otherwise disclosed to you, including as described in this policy. For more information on Goodyear's privacy policies and practices, click on this  link .
Definitions
For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
"Personally Identifiable Information" means any information or set of information, whether alone or in combination with other Personally Identifiable Information, gathered, processed, used or stored by Goodyear that is sufficient to identify an individual. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is anonymous, nor does it include publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public Personally Identifiable Information.
This Online Privacy Policy is applicable to the following web domains operated by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates: goodyear.com, goodyear.ca, fr.goodyear.ca, espanol.goodyear.com, kellytires.com, dunloptires.com, corporate.goodyear.com, goodyearaviation.com, goodyeartrucktires.com, goodyearotr.com, racegoodyear.com, and goodyearrvtires.com, and any other Goodyear website, online service, or mobile application where this Online Privacy is posted or accessible via hyperlink (collectively, the "Sites").  Other websites operated by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and/or its affiliates may have separate and additional privacy terms or policies.  The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company encourages you to read these additional terms or policies before utilizing these websites, as your utilization will be governed by those additional privacy terms and/or policies. 
Information Collection
When you browse a Goodyear website, PII is not collected simply as a result of your browsing.  Some functions of our websites, however, may request that you voluntarily supply Goodyear with PII, including but not limited to your name, email address, phone number, vehicle type, and physical address for purposes such as user registration, making or initiating a purchase, arranging for services, requesting feedback on products and services, participating in online surveys, and otherwise communicating with you. In those instances, you may decline to provide your PII, but as a result you may not have access to, or the benefit of, those features. Goodyear also may retain electronic communications you send to customer service representatives, webmasters, installers or other representatives or other associates or service providers.
Goodyear websites track information about visits to those sites. For example, statistics are compiled that show the daily requests received for particular files on a site, and what countries those requests come from. These aggregated statistics are used to customize Goodyear websites, and may also be provided to others.
Certain Goodyear sites may use "cookies" or "web beacons." A "cookie" is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may be stored on your computer, device or system. Cookies allow Goodyear to better serve visitors to Goodyear websites by offering a tailored experience. A "web beacon," also referred to as a "spotlight" or "pixel tag", is used to recognize unique cookies and assist us in determining which advertisements bring users to a specific website or page. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. If you decline to accept the cookie, it will also disable the web beacon. The information collected does not contain your name, address, telephone number or email address.  Goodyear from time to time permits third parties to apply cookies when you visit the site.  However, the Goodyear website gives you a means to control how these cookies are placed and used.  Currently, Goodyear utilizes a service known as “AdChoice” and you can access it through a link on the respective Goodyear website’s home page.  The AdChoice function provides a list of companies that Goodyear allows to track on the websites. You can opt out from receiving interest-based ads from those who allow it by clicking “all off" and "apply changes." If you opt out, these companies will still collect data about you on the Goodyear website, but these companies will not use that data to serve you interest-based advertisements. Different browsers use different methods to communicate such “Do Not Track” signals; the industry has not yet adopted a uniform method to do so. For this reason, Goodyear websites are not able to interpret or respond to Do Not Track signals.
Information Goodyear collects may be stored on third party data storage systems, and in those instances Goodyear requires those third parties to employ security practices and systems designed to protect the security of the information.  For additional information, please see Goodyear’s Global Privacy Policy .
Information Use
Goodyear and third parties acting on Goodyear's behalf may use the PII you give to Goodyear for purposes such as:
User registration
Processing, recording, and tracking a purchase, payment, return, warranty or rebate
Arranging for services
Otherwise communicating with you through various channels.
Promotions and offers you receive may be based on information you provide in response to surveys, information you provide in connection with product and service inquiries, transactions conducted through or facilitated by Goodyear websites, or other communications made to or through a Goodyear website. If you do not want to receive email or other communications from Goodyear, please adjust your communications preferences (click here). Goodyear will use reasonable efforts to address all requests to remove names from any postal mail or email lists.
Online Tire Registration Information
Any information provided by users through the online tire registration form available on this site will not be shared with any third party other than as provided by law, nor will it be used for any marketing purposes. Any information you provide in the online tire registration form is maintained in a separate tire registration database and is not used for any other purpose.
Disclosure
Goodyear will not disclose PII to third parties, other than as we may inform you, including as described in this Policy, Goodyear's Global Privacy Policy or where such disclosure is required by law or is in relation to a judicial or government action or investigation.
Goodyear may disclose PII to third parties that assist Goodyear in promoting and marketing its products and services; storing and analyzing the PII; conducting user and consumer ratings, reviews and surveys; communicating with you on Goodyear’s behalf; and processing and fulfilling transactions, including tire purchases and installations and/or other vehicle services; and as otherwise necessary to provide promotional communications or services to website users and customers.
Payment processing, including debit and credit card payment processing, is performed by third party service providers and Goodyear does not process or store your credit or debit card information in connection with transactions occurring through Goodyear websites.  
Except as described in Goodyear’s Global Privacy Policy, Goodyear does not otherwise sell or rent PII to other persons or entities unless specifically disclosed at the point of collection.
Other Web Sites
Goodyear websites may contain links to non-Goodyear sites, and we make every effort to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. However, Goodyear is not responsible for the content of or the privacy practices employed by non-Goodyear sites.
Children
Goodyear does not knowingly collect any PII (such as name, address and telephone number) from children under 13 years of age through any Goodyear website. Goodyear websites specifically instruct children under 13 not to submit such information to this web site. Goodyear does not allow children under 13 to register for or participate in contests or promotions on this site. However, if the parent or guardian of a child under 13 believes that his or her child has provided Goodyear with PII, that parent or guardian should contact Goodyear if they want this information deleted from Goodyear’s systems. If Goodyear obtains knowledge that it has PII about a child under 13 in retrievable form in its files Goodyear will delete that information from existing files. In addition, anyone under 18 years of age should seek his or her parent's or guardian's permission prior to using or disclosing any PII on this site.
Disclaimer
By using a Goodyear site, you signify your assent to this Online Privacy Policy and to Goodyear's Global Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use this or other Goodyear sites. Goodyear reserves the right, at Goodyear’s discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean that you accept those changes.
Effective as of May 25, 2018
The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and its affiliates (collectively, "Goodyear") respect individual privacy and value the confidence of our associates, customers, vendors and others with whom we do business. Goodyear strives to process Personally Identifiable Information (“PII,” as defined below) in a manner consistent with the laws of the countries in which we do business, and we pride ourselves on upholding the highest ethical standards in our business practices.
This Global Privacy Policy sets forth the general privacy principles that Goodyear follows with respect to PII that is processed in our business operations. In addition to this Global Privacy Policy, there may be specific campaigns, promotions, programs and websites that are governed by additional privacy terms or policies. Goodyear encourages you to read these additional terms or policies before participating in or utilizing these campaigns, promotions, programs or websites as the processing of your PII in this context will be governed by those additional privacy terms and/or policies.
Important note for individuals located in (or whose PII is processed by Goodyear entities established in) the European Union (EU), Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland
This Policy consists of:
this front section, which sets out the general principles applied by Goodyear when processing PII; and
an addendum for PII that (i) originates from or (ii) is processed in the EU, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland (the “EU Addendum”).
If you are located in (or if your PII is processed in) one of the above jurisdictions, Goodyear encourages you to read the EU Addendum, which contains important additional information about the processing by Goodyear of PII originating from or processed in those countries.
Scope
This Policy applies to any and all forms of “processing” (as defined below) of PII in any format or medium, relating to (i) individuals who are customers, prospective customers, suppliers and prospective suppliers with whom Goodyear does business or (ii) representatives or contact persons of such customers, suppliers, and prospective customers and suppliers.
The Policy does not apply to any information processed about legal entities as such.
Definitions
For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
“European Economic Area” or “EEA” means the Member States of the European Union plus Iceland, Liechtenstein, Norway, and Switzerland.
"Personally Identifiable Information" or “PII” means any information or set of information, whether alone or in combination with other Personally Identifiable Information, processed by Goodyear, which is sufficient to identify an individual. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is anonymous, nor does it include publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public Personally Identifiable Information. For PII originating from or processed in the EEA, PII shall have the meaning given to it in the EU Addendum.
“Processing” shall mean any operation or set of operations that is performed upon PII or sets of PII, whether or not by automatic means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction and the verb “to process” shall be construed accordingly.
As used in this Policy, “Goodyear” means The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and its affiliates.
Privacy Principles
Notice and Consent:
Goodyear endeavors to inform persons whose PII Goodyear collects, in accordance with applicable law. This includes providing information about (i) the purposes for which Goodyear collects and uses the PII, (ii) the types of third parties to which Goodyear discloses (or may disclose) that PII, and (iii) the choices and means Goodyear offers the subjects of the PII for limiting the use and disclosure of their PII.
Unless otherwise required under applicable law, Goodyear will endeavor to provide notice when persons are first asked to provide PII to Goodyear, or as soon as practicable thereafter. 
Unless permitted by applicable law, no PII is collected without first obtaining the consent of the individual for the collection, use and disclosure of that PII. In some circumstances the consent for Goodyear to collect PII may arise from the nature of the relationship between Goodyear and the individual, or an individual’s interaction with Goodyear, such as by using a Goodyear website or engaging in a transaction with Goodyear.
When you provide PII to Goodyear, you acknowledge that you have read this Policy and, where required under applicable law, consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your PII in accordance with this Policy and other applicable Goodyear privacy policies, such as Goodyear’s Online Privacy Policy . You may, as provided by applicable law, be free to refuse or withdraw your consent.
Goodyear, and third parties on its behalf, use the PII collected from you for purposes such as, but not limited to, user registration; administering and tracking a purchase, payment, return, warranty or rebate; arranging for services; inviting participation in online surveys; requesting feedback on products and services; and otherwise communicating with you through various channels.
Choice:
Subject to any stricter requirements under applicable law, Goodyear will endeavor to offer persons whose PII it possesses an opportunity, where feasible and reasonable under the circumstances, to choose whether their PII is to be (a) disclosed to a third party, or (b) used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Goodyear will endeavor to provide individuals with mechanisms, reasonable under the circumstances, to exercise their choices.
If your PII is originating from or processed in the EEA, please refer to the section “Your Rights” in the EU Addendum for an overview of your rights in this context.
Access and Correction:
Upon request and/or when required or otherwise appropriate, and within periods (if any) set by applicable law, Goodyear will endeavor to grant individuals reasonable access to the PII that Goodyear holds about them. Such access may be denied by Goodyear where the denial is permitted by applicable law and every request from an individual will be assessed on a case by case basis. In the event a request is denied, Goodyear will notify the individual regarding the reasons for denial in writing. Consistent with how your PII is maintained in the ordinary course of Goodyear's business, Goodyear will provide the information in an understandable form. We may impose a reasonable charge when a request is made (e.g., for photocopying or postage) to the extent permitted under applicable law. In addition, Goodyear will endeavor to take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete PII that is demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete. To guard against fraudulent requests for access, Goodyear may require sufficient information to allow it to confirm the identity of the individual making the request before granting access.
If your PII is originating from or processed in the EEA, please refer to the section “Your Rights” in the EU Addendum for an overview of your rights, including your right of access and correction.
Data Integrity:
Subject to any stricter requirements under applicable law, Goodyear will endeavor to use PII only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which the PII was collected or in ways that are subsequently authorized by the individual. Goodyear will endeavor to take reasonable steps to ensure that PII is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current.
Disclosure and Transfer to Third Parties:
Goodyear is not in the business of selling PII to others, but may share your PII with subsidiaries or affiliates controlled by Goodyear, and with third party service providers that perform services on Goodyear’s behalf. Examples of these services include fulfilling orders, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, providing customer service, requesting feedback on products and services, and sending you marketing and promotional materials, service updates and reminders.
For PII originating from or processed in the EEA, a list of the relevant categories of third-party recipients can be found in the EU Addendum (see section “Third-Party Recipients”).
Goodyear may buy or sell stores, subsidiaries or business units. In these types of transactions, PII is generally one of the business assets that is transferred. That PII remains subject to the obligations stated in any pre-existing Privacy Policy. In the event that Goodyear or substantially all of its assets are acquired, PII will be one of the transferred assets.
Cross-Border Transfers Originating From the EEA:
If your PII is originating from or processed in the EEA, please refer to the paragraphs “Legal Basis for the Processing” and “Transfers Outside the EEA” in the EU Addendum.
Cross-Border Transfers Not Originating From the EEA:
Because Goodyear does business in many countries, PII collected by Goodyear in one country may be processed in another country, the laws of which may provide different levels of protection from those in the country where the PII was first collected. PII gathered in one country may be subject to access by and disclosure to law enforcement agencies of jurisdictions other than the country where the PII was first collected. Goodyear also may share PII with organizations and entities that perform services on its behalf, and these organizations and entities may be located in countries other than the country in which the PII was first collected.
Goodyear will endeavor to obtain appropriate and reasonably enforceable assurances from third parties, including its subsidiaries and affiliates, to which it discloses or transfers PII that these third parties will safeguard PII in a manner consistent with this Policy. When Goodyear becomes aware that a third party is using or disclosing PII in a manner contrary to this Policy, Goodyear will endeavor to take reasonable steps to prevent or stop such use or disclosure. To the extent applicable law requires an individual’s consent before disclosing PII to third parties, Goodyear will endeavor to obtain the individual’s consent prior to such transfer. There may be circumstances where Goodyear is required to transfer PII without obtaining prior consent, including (i) where required by a court order; (ii) where Goodyear believes, upon reasonable grounds, that it is necessary to protect the rights, privacy, or safety or property of a person or group of persons; (iii) where it is necessary to establish or collect monies owing to Goodyear or to complete a transaction with a third party; (iv) where it is necessary to permit Goodyear to pursue available remedies or limit any damages we may sustain; or (v) where the information is public. When Goodyear is obliged or permitted to disclose PII, Goodyear will endeavor not to disclose more than is required. Goodyear may also make disclosures permitted by its  Online Privacy Policy .
Security:
Goodyear takes reasonable and appropriate precautions to protect PII in its possession from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction, and to respond to the misuse, loss or unauthorized use of such PII.
Governance:
Goodyear will regularly review compliance with this and other Goodyear privacy policies. Except to the extent otherwise prohibited by applicable law, any Goodyear employee, associate or contractor that Goodyear determines is in violation of this Policy will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment or engagement.
Dispute Resolution:
Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of PII should be directed to Goodyear at the address given below. Goodyear will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of PII in accordance with the principles contained in this Policy.
Changes to this Policy:
From time to time, Goodyear may revise this Global Privacy Policy, in which case the date indicated at the beginning of this Global Privacy Policy will be updated.
Contact Information
Questions or comments about this Policy should be submitted to the following person, by mail or e-mail:
Addendum for Individuals Located in (or whose PII is Processed by Goodyear Entities established in) the European Economic Area (“EU Addendum”)
This EU Addendum completes and supplements the front section of the Goodyear Global Privacy Policy for PII originating from or processed in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). In case of any contradictions between the front section of this Policy and the EU Addendum, the EU Addendum will have precedence.
The purpose of this EU Addendum is to provide the information required under the General Data Protection Regulation, applicable in the EEA as from May 25, 2018 (the "GDPR"),[1] including:
why and how the relevant Goodyear entity collects, processes and stores your PII;
what its role as “controller” of your PII involves; and
what your rights and our obligations are in relation to this processing.
Definitions
For the purposes of the EU Addendum, the following definitions shall apply:
“Controller” generally means the legal entity that determines the purposes (i.e. why) and the means (i.e. how) of the processing of PII under this Policy.
“Goodyear” means the legal entity within the EEA identified as the Controller under the paragraph “ Controller” of this EU Addendum.
“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII” means any information that constitutes “personal data” under the GDPR, namely any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.[2]
“Processor” means a natural or legal person that processes PII on behalf of the Controller. Goodyear’s processors may be Goodyear subsidiaries, affiliates or third-party suppliers and service providers. Goodyear will conclude a data processing agreement with its Processors to ensure your PII is processed in accordance with the GDPR.
Controller
Goodyear in the EEA is made up of different legal entities, i.e. Goodyear Dunlop Tires Europe BV and its affiliates. When we mention “Goodyear,” “we,” “us,” or “our” in this addendum, we are referring to the relevant Goodyear legal entity in the EEA that determines the purposes and means of processing your PII under this policy. We will let you know which entity will be the Controller for your PII when we collect your PII.
Collection of PII
interacts with individuals who are prospective and existing customers/suppliers;
interacts with individuals who are representatives or contact persons of prospective and existing customers/suppliers that are legal entities (e.g. for the selling/ordering of products or for marketing related purposes); or
uses public databases to facilitate the provision of goods or services (e.g. to link a license plate with car identification information).
Categories of PII Collected
basic identification information, such as name, title, position, company name, email and/or postal address and the fixed and/or mobile phone number;
financial information (e.g. bank account details, credit card information);
information regarding the status of direct marketing emails (e.g. not delivered, delivered, opened);
car identification information (including license plate to the extent it is permitted under applicable law);
tire warranty registration information and reference numbers; and
any additional information you voluntarily provide, (e.g. by filling in a form or registering for an email newsletter).
This information may either be directly provided by the above individuals or provided by the legal entity for whom they work (e.g. if they are the contact person designated by their employer to manage the commercial relations with Goodyear).
Please note that in some countries, car identification information may also be obtained from publicly accessible sources to which we have access to link the license plate with the car identification information.
Consequences of a Refusal to Provide PII
You are not subject to any legal obligation to provide your PII to Goodyear. However, access to and use of any goods or services provided by us may not be able to commence or continue if you do not provide such PII.
Purposes of the Processing
Goodyear, and Processors acting on its behalf, process the PII collected from you for a specific purpose and only process the PII that is relevant to achieve that purpose.
We process PII to:
undertake sales and procurement activities relating to our products and services;
market our products and services;
administer our customers and suppliers (e.g. user registration, account opening, credit checks);
manage and enhance the relationship with our customers and suppliers;
supply our products and services to our customers (e.g. administering and tracking a purchase, payment, return, warranty or rebate; managing billing and invoicing; arranging for services);
prepare and manage contracts with our customers and suppliers;
measure consumer interest in our various products and services;
improve our existing products and services (or those under development) by means of customer and non-customer surveys, statistics and tests, or requesting feedback on products and services;
improve the quality of services taking into account preferences in terms of means of communication (phone, email, etc.) and frequency;
periodically send promotional emails about our products, special offers and information that the company for which you work may find interesting, using the email address provided by you or for you (if any);
otherwise communicate with you through various channels, (e.g. by periodically sending you promotional emails about our products, including special offers and information);
monitor activities at our facilities, including compliance with applicable policies as well as security, health and safety rules in place;
manage and monitor our IT resources, including infrastructure management & business continuity;
manage our archiving and records;
track our activities (measuring sales, number of calls, etc.);
preserve the company’s economic interests;
reply to an official request from a public or judicial authority with the necessary authorisation; and
manage legal and regulatory requirements, defend our legal rights and prevent and detect crime, including regular compliance monitoring.
Legal Basis of the Processing
We are not allowed to process PII if we do not have a valid legal ground. Therefore, we will only process PII if:
we have obtained your prior consent;
the processing is necessary to perform our contractual obligations towards you or to take pre-contractual steps at your request;
the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations (e.g. tax or accounting requirements); or
the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of Goodyear and does not unduly affect your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Please note that, when processing your PII on this basis, we seek to maintain a balance between our legitimate interests and your privacy.
Examples of such ‘legitimate interests’ are:
to buy products and services from our suppliers or from potential suppliers;
to offer our products and services to our customers or prospective customers;
to benefit from cost-effective services (e.g. we may decide to use certain platforms offered by external suppliers to process data);
to better manage and administer the relationships with the customers and their data;
to improve the quality of services to the customers by taking into account their preferences in terms of means of communication (phone, e-mail, etc.) and frequency;
to measure the customers’ interest in Goodyear products and gain a better understanding of Customer interaction with the marketing emails, including by performing statistical and other research and analysis of data with respect to the status of the emails (e.g. not delivered, delivered, opened);
to enable Goodyear to offer advertising and offers tailored to its customers so that Goodyear can market its products better;
to prevent fraud or criminal activity, misuses of our products or services, as well as the security of our IT systems, architecture and networks;
to sell any part of our business or its assets or if substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case PII could form part of one of the assets we sell; and
to meet our corporate and social responsibility objectives.
Third-Party Recipients
We may transfer PII to our employees (to the extent they need it to perform their tasks) and other Goodyear affiliates. Such other companies will either act as another controller (in which case you will be separately informed about this processing) or only process PII on behalf and upon request of the Controller (thereby acting as a Processor).
In addition, we may also transfer your PII to third party Processors that are not Goodyear affiliates to complete the purposes listed above, to the extent they need it to carry out the instructions we have given to them.
Such third-party Processors include:
our IT service providers, cloud service providers and database providers;
our consultants, suppliers and service providers that assist Goodyear in promoting and marketing its products and services; store and analyze the PII; conduct user and consumer ratings, reviews and surveys; communicate with you on Goodyear’s behalf; process and fulfill transactions, including tire purchases and installations and/or other vehicle services; and as otherwise necessary to provide promotional communications or services to customers.
Your PII may also be disclosed to:
any third party to whom we assign or novate any of our rights or obligations under a relevant agreement;
any national and/or international regulatory, enforcement or exchange body or court where we are required to do so by applicable law or regulation or at their request; and
any central or local government department and other statutory or public bodies.
Transfers outside the European Economic Area
The PII transferred within or outside Goodyear may also be processed in a country outside the EEA.
If your PII is transferred outside the EEA, we will enter into EU standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission prior to such transfer to ensure the required level of protection for the transferred PII. You may request additional information in this respect and obtain a copy of the relevant safeguard we have put in place by exercising your rights as set out below (see section “Your Rights”).
PII Retention
We will retain your PII for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
The criteria we use to determine retention periods for PII include: the purposes for which the PII is collected, legal statutory limitation periods, retention periods imposed by law, applicable contractual requirements and relevant industry standards.
Your Rights
You have a right of access to your PII as processed by Goodyear under this Policy. If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may also request the correction thereof. Goodyear will promptly correct any such information.
You also have the right to:
request the erasure of your PII;
request the restriction of the processing of your PII;
withdraw your consent where Goodyear obtained your consent to process PII (without this withdrawal affecting the lawfulness of processing prior to the withdrawal);
object to the processing of your PII for direct marketing purposes; or
object to the processing of your PII for other purposes in certain cases where Goodyear processes your PII on another legal basis than your consent.
Goodyear will honour such requests, withdrawals or objections as required under the applicable data protection rules.
In addition, you also have the right to data portability. This is the right to obtain the PII you have provided to Goodyear in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and request the transmission of such PII to you or a third party, without hindrance from Goodyear and subject to your own confidentiality obligations.
To exercise the above rights, please send an email to privacy_office@goodyear.com .
If you have any questions or are not satisfied with how Goodyear processes your PII, please let us know by sending an e-mail at privacy_office@goodyear.com or a written and signed request to Goodyear Dunlop Tires Operations S.A., Avenue Gordon Smith, L-7750 Colmar-Berg (Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg). We will examine your question or complaint and get back to you as soon as possible.
You also always have the right to file a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
[1]Regulation 2016/679 of the EU Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, and repealing Directive 95/46/EC.
[2] An identifiable natural person is a person who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
Revised September 10, 2015
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING, BROWSING, OR USING THIS WEBSITE, ONLINE SERVICE OR MOBILE APPLICATION, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS DESCRIBED HEREIN AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE, ALONG WITH ANY AND ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND REGULATIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE, ONLINE SERVICE OR MOBILE APPLICATION.
TERMS OF USE
General
Goodyear reserves the right to change or modify these Terms of Use, or any policy or guideline of the Sites, at any time and in its sole discretion. Any modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the revisions to the Sites, and you waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such modifications. Your continued use of the Sites will confirm your acceptance of such modifications; therefore, you should frequently review these Terms of Use and applicable policies to understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Sites. If you do not agree to the amended terms, you must stop accessing and using the Sites.
Privacy Policy
You confirm that you have read our Goodyear Privacy Policy and Online Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Privacy Policies"), the terms of which are incorporated herein, and agree that the terms of the Privacy Policies are reasonable. You consent to the use of your personal information in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in our Privacy Policies. Please visit the Privacy Policies by clicking on this  link.
Conduct
In using the Sites, you are prohibited from any resale or commercial use of the Sites or any Content (as defined below); any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of the Sites or any Content; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. The Sites or any portion of the Sites may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Goodyear. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other intellectual property or proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Goodyear or our business affiliates without the express written consent of Goodyear. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Goodyear's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Goodyear. You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from any infringement of any intellectual property or proprietary right, or any other harm resulting from your unauthorized use of the Sites.
Unless otherwise specified, the Sites are for your personal and non-commercial use. You may display, and subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, electronically copy, download, print and copy portions of the material from the different areas of the Sites solely for your own non-commercial use. No rights or licenses to the material or any portion thereof are granted, explicitly or impliedly, and you may not modify, reproduce, distribute, republish, display or transmit any Content without the prior written permission of Goodyear.
Intellectual Property Rights
Unless otherwise noted, the Sites and all materials, including trademarks, images, illustrations, designs, buttons, icons, logos, photographs, digital downloads and written and other materials that appear as part of the Sites (collectively, the "Content") are intellectual property owned, controlled or licensed by Goodyear. You are prohibited from reproducing, reverse engineering, transmitting, disassembling, modifying or creating derivative works with respect to the Sites or any Content. Nothing on the Sites is to be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to the use of intellectual property displayed on the Sites without the prior written permission of Goodyear. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Goodyear and/or its third party providers.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act
To notify Goodyear of a copyright infringement, contact Goodyear's Copyright Agent pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). Goodyear's designated Copyright Agent to receive notification of claimed infringement is N. Valenziano, 200 Innovation Way, Akron, OH 44316-0001,  copyright.agent@goodyear.com  (email). Please provide Goodyear's Copyright Agent with the following information in writing (see 17 U.S.C. 512(C)(3)):
A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of a copyright that is allegedly infringed;
A description of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed or if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by the notification, a representative list of such works;
A description of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity that you request to be removed;
Contact information including name, address, telephone number, and, if available, an e-mail address;
A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and
A statement, under the penalty of perjury, that the information in the notification is accurate, and that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright allegedly being infringed.
If, in response to necessary notice of an alleged copyright infringement, Goodyear removes your content and you believe that your content is not infringing, or you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or pursuant to the law, to post and use the material in the Content, you may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Copyright Agent:
Your physical or electronic signature;
A description of the content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the content appeared before it was removed or disabled;
A statement, submitted under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that the content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification; and
Your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the federal court in Akron, Ohio, and a statement that you will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement.
If a counter-notice is received by the Copyright Agent, Goodyear may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person it may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider.
Links to Other Websites and Services
The Sites may provide links to third-party websites or resources, including links that contain financial or investment information about Goodyear. Goodyear provides third-party links for your convenience only, and is not responsible for the content of any third party websites linked to or from the Sites. Links from the Sites to any third-party website does not mean that Goodyear approves, endorses or recommends that site. Goodyear disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or validity of any content on any such third-party website. If you decide to access such third-party websites, you acknowledge that you do so entirely at your own risk.
For the purposes of this section, third-party websites or resources include links to Goodyear independent dealers (the "Dealers"), and Goodyear is not responsible for any of the actions, services, or omissions of the Dealers, including, but not limited to scheduling, quality of services, dealer inventory, dealer price, and any other issues that may result from your transaction with the Dealers.
Comments, Feedback, and other Submissions
Goodyear welcomes your comments, feedback, and other submissions through the Sites. We do not, however, accept confidential or proprietary information. Accordingly, you represent and warrant that all comments, feedback, suggestions, creative materials, information, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, inventions or other submissions disclosed, submitted, made available or offered to Goodyear using the Sites (collectively, "Data") are accurate, not confidential, and not in violation of any contractual restrictions, or other third party rights. Subject to the Privacy Policies, by making a submission, you grant to Goodyear a non-exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, perpetual, unlimited, assignable, sublicenseable, fully paid up and royalty-free right to collect, copy, prepare derivative works of, improve, distribute, publish, remove, retain, add, process, analyze, use and commercialize, in any way now known or in the future discovered, any and all Data without any further consent, notice and/or compensation to you or to any third parties. Any information you submit to us is at your own risk of loss as noted in this Terms of Use. You agree that you will not provide us with any Data that could allow an individual person to be identified unless there is a field for the provision of such Data.
You may not submit offensive, profane, inappropriate, obscene, defamatory, threatening, unlawful or otherwise objectionable content, or information. Goodyear reserves the right to remove or edit user-generated content, from time to time, but Goodyear does not control or direct users' actions on the Sites and hence will not be responsible for user-generated content or information that may be available on the Sites.
Disclaimer
The Sites and all Content, information, services, and products of the Sites are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including, but without limitation, warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, freedom from computer viruses or other harmful components, and warranties arising from course of dealing or course of performance. Goodyear makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of the Content and assumes no liability or responsibility for errors, mistakes or omissions in the Content or personal injury or property damage of any kind arising out of the use of or inability to use the Sites.
You acknowledge, by your use of the Sites, that your use of the Sites is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of the Sites, and that Goodyear will not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the Sites. Goodyear makes no warranty that (i) the Sites will meet your requirements; (ii) access to the Sites will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error-free; (iii) the results that may be obtained from the use of the Sites will be accurate or reliable; (iv) the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you through the Sites or pursuant to your use of the Sites will meet your expectations; (v) any errors on the Sites will be corrected; or (vi) the Sites or services on which they are hosted are free of viruses or other harmful components.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of certain warranties, so all or a portion of the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
In no event will Goodyear be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential, special, exemplary, or punitive damages of any kind, under any contract, negligence, strict liability, tort, or other theory, including but not limited to damages from loss of profits, use, data, or other intangibles, even if Goodyear had been advised of such damages. In particular, and without limitation, Goodyear will not be liable for the damages of any kind resulting from the use of or the inability to use the Sites or from any Content posted on the Sites by Goodyear or anyone else. Goodyear does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any user-generated content displayed, uploaded, posted on any message board, or otherwise distributed through the Sites and will not be liable for any damages resulting from user-generated content. However, nothing in this paragraph will be interpreted to affect the individual product warranties that are standard for Goodyear products.
Your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the Sites or the Content is to stop using the Sites. Because some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for certain damages, the above limitations may not apply to you. You agree that use of the Sites is at your sole risk and you shall be solely responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from access, browsing, or use of the Sites, or the downloading or use of any materials, data, text or images from the Sites.
Indemnification
To the fullest extent permitted by law, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold Goodyear, its affiliates, and their officers, directors, shareholders, agents, employees, successors harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorney's fees, arising from or related to, a violation by you or your agents of these Terms of Use, your infringement of any third party right, including but not limited to any intellectual property or proprietary right, your use of the Sites or any other person accessing the Sites using your Internet account, or the use of the Sites by any other person accessing the Sites on your behalf or acting as your agent.
Forward-Looking Statements
The Sites, and any documents issued by Goodyear and available through the Sites, may contain statements which constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. The words "aims," "anticipates," "believes," "expects," "intends," "plans," "predicts," "projects," or "targets," as well as other words or expressions of similar meaning, are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements also include statements or other passages primarily relevant to expected future events or that can only be evaluated by events that will occur in the future. These forward-looking statements are based on the opinions and estimates of management at the time the statements are made and neither represents predictions nor guarantees of future events or circumstances. There are a variety of factors, many of which are beyond Goodyear's control, that affect its operations, performance, business strategy and results and could cause its actual results and experience to differ materially from the assumptions, expectations and objectives expressed in any forward-looking statements. These factors are discussed in Goodyear's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, including Goodyear's Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K. While Goodyear may elect to update forward-looking statements at some point in the future, Goodyear specifically disclaims any obligation to do so, even if its estimates change.
Applicable Laws
Your use of the Sites will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Ohio, USA, without regard to choice of law provisions. You consent and submit to the sole and exclusive jurisdiction by and venue in the courts located in the State of Ohio, one of the United States of America, in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to the Sites. By using the Sites, you consent to service of process in accordance with the rules of such courts, irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such courts, and waive any objection that you may have to either the jurisdiction or venue of such courts. Furthermore, you hereby irrevocably waive the right to trial by jury. Goodyear's failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions will not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice will act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Goodyear may assign its rights and duties under this Terms of Use to any party at any time without notice to you. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Sites must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. Notwithstanding the above, you agree that Goodyear will be allowed to apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any jurisdiction.
Goodyear makes no representation that materials in the Sites are appropriate or available for use in countries outside the USA or Canada and prohibits access from territories where the Content is illegal. Those who choose to access the Sites from locations outside the USA or Canada do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the materials in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations. Any claim relating to the materials will be governed by the substantive laws of the State of Ohio.
In any action against Goodyear arising from the use of the Sites, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover all legal fees and expenses incurred in connection with the action, including but not limited to reasonable attorney's fees and costs.
Ability to Agree to Terms of Use
The Sites are not targeted towards, nor intended for use by, anyone under the age of 13. If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you may only use the Sites under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you are over the age of 18, you acknowledge that you are fully able and competent to comprehend, understand and enter into the terms, conditions, limitations, obligations, representations and warranties contained in these Terms of Use.
Your Account
If you use any Sites, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password. Goodyear does not sell products to children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. Goodyear reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.
Miscellaneous
The terms and conditions found in this Terms of Use and in the Privacy Policies set forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and Goodyear with respect to the Sites unless certain services offered through the Sites require your agreement to additional terms and conditions. You acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Goodyear with respect to the Sites are superseded and of no force or effect. If any provision of these Terms of Use is deemed to be unlawful, void or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision will be deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.
Need Help? Give Us A Call
We’ll be happy to answer any of your questions. Call us at  800-667-8138 .
Hours: 9AM – 9PM ET Daily
Goodyear Specialty Sites
× ×
You are leaving Goodyear.com, and are being directed to a website run by a company other than Goodyear.
You are leaving the Goodyear.com Website and you are being directed to a website run by Citigroup, which issues the Goodyear Credit Card.
You are leaving the Goodyear.com Website and you are being directed to a website run by Citigroup, which issues the Goodyear Credit Card.
Goodyear Credit Card
Pay your bill, manage your tire financing and review your account.
Goodyear Tires
*TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE ON WWW.GOODYEAR.COM
THESE TERMS OF SALE (THE "TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE") GOVERN YOUR PURCHASE OF ANY PRODUCT OR SERVICE OFFERED BY THE GOODYEAR TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY ("Goodyear") ON THE WWW.GOODYEAR.COM WEBSITE (THE "Website"). PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE CAREFULLY. THEY CONTAIN VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, AS WELL AS LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS THAT MAY APPLY TO YOU. THEY ALSO CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER.
BY CLICKING ON THE "I AGREE BUTTON" OR BY PLACING AN ORDER, YOU ("YOU" AND/OR "CUSTOMER" HEREIN) ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, ACCEPTED, AND AGREED TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE, WITHOUT LIMITATION OR QUALIFICATIONS. THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE ARE SUBJECT TO MODIFICATION, SO PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SALE EACH TIME YOU MAKE A PURCHASE.
1. Products. Goodyear is authorized to sell the products and/or services offered for sale on the Website. Goodyear may discontinue any product and/or service at any time without notice. The prices advertised on the Website for the products and services do not include shipping and handling or sales taxes, if applicable, which will be added to your total invoice price.
2. Orders. Orders are not binding upon Goodyear until the installation of products and/or services is complete. Acceptance of Customer's orders shall be communicated to Customer on the Website, and via electronic mail at the address provided by the Customer. Goodyear reserves the right, without prior notification, to cancel the Order, limit the quantity of any item ordered and/or refuse service to any customer. Verification of information may be required prior to the acceptance of any order.
3. Payment. Goodyear accepts valid Goodyear, Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover credit cards. Customer's credit card will be charged in full when Customer's order is processed.
4. Cancellations. Once an order is placed, orders may only be cancelled pursuant to the cancellation process as described on the Website and/or via electronic mail to Customer.
5. Delivery. Goodyear or one of its authorized resellers, as appropriate, will ship Customer's orders to the selected installer location in accordance with Customer's selection of available shipping options when Customer's order is processed on the Website. While Goodyear or the authorized reseller will make every reasonable effort to ship Customer's orders within the selected timeframe, neither Goodyear nor the authorized reseller is responsible or liable for any delay in receiving or completing Customer's order that is caused by an event beyond the Goodyear's reasonable control. Such events may include, but are not limited to, fire, flood, accident, strike, riot, civil commotion, act of God, war or other hostilities, acts or omissions of carriers, transmitters, phone companies, Internet Service Providers or Internet backbone providers or a failure, interruption, or delay of the server or Website caused by an event outside the direct control of the Goodyear, including without limitation, power outages or attacks on the Website such as by persons known as "hackers." Customers may not pick up orders delivered to an installer -- items must be mounted on the vehicle by the installer, or they will be returned.
6. Title to Products. Goodyear or its authorized reseller retains all right, title, and interest in and to the ordered products until the products and/or services have been installed.
7. Shipping Charges. Goodyear does not charge for shipping. Goodyear reserves the right to change this policy at any time without prior written notice.
8. Installation. Installation prices as listed on the Website cover most vehicles with standard equipment. Customized vehicles may result in additional installation fees at the point of installation. Additional fees may be required at the point of installation of products to accommodate for customized vehicles or to accommodate for pre-existing vehicle conditions such as severe misalignment, damaged lug bolts, or other conditions that limit the ability to install the products as reasonably anticipated at the point of sale. You have selected products by either indicating your vehicle make, model, and trim or by indicating no make and model at all. Goodyear cannot be held responsible for tires that are improperly sized or rated for your individual vehicle. In the case of incorrect product selection, Customer’s selected installer may refuse to install products for your safety. Re-stocking fees may be applied for product returns in accordance with the Website. In accordance with applicable law, all vehicles manufactured after September 2007 have Tire Pressure Monitoring Systems (“TPMS”). Applicable law may require TPMS sensors to be rebuilt and/or re-calibrated at the point of installation of new tires. Goodyear has attempted to include this cost into Customer’s Order, however where for any reason this cost has not been included there may be an additional charge at the installer to service TPMS sensors in accordance with applicable law. Certain states have graduated tire disposal fees. Goodyear has attempted to include these fees into Customer’s Order, however where for any reason those fees have not been included, it may be necessary for the installer to charge additional state mandated disposal fees at time of installation. In the event that the products purchased through this Website include vehicle suspension lowering products, additional suspension items may be necessary to properly align the vehicle after it has been lowered and may result in additional fees at time of installation. Wheel sizing for products purchased on this Website is based on information provided by the Customer and is based on original equipment manufacturer factory specifications. If your vehicle is highly customized and/or has raised or lowered suspension, Goodyear cannot guarantee fitment, and additional fees may be required at the point of installation for safe and proper fit and alignment. Despite Goodyear’s thorough and conscientious control of all data utilized and gathered to perform the services and provide the products through this Website, Goodyear cannot guarantee the completeness and accuracy of the provided information. CUSTOMER EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT THE INSTALLER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS RELATED TO THE INSTALLATION OF THE PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES. CUSTOMER AGREES THAT GOODYEAR HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY AT LAW OR EQUITY FOR ACTS AND/OR OMISSIONS RELATED TO THE INSTALLATION OF THE PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES
9. Warranties. Goodyear’s standard limited warranties govern all purchases of products and/or services. Those warranties can be found at www.goodyear.com.
10. Return/Refund Policy. Goodyear cannot accept any returns or refunds for any purchase of products and/or services. Customer may cancel an Order at any time prior to installation, pursuant to the procedure outlined on the Website and/or in electronic mail to the Customer. Goodyear does not accept returns for products that have been installed, used, mounted, or driven on.
11. Limitation of Liability. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, GOODYEAR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOST OR ANTICIPATED REVENUES OR PROFITS RELATING TO THE SAME), ARISING FROM ANY CLAIM RELATING TO THE WEBSITE, THESE TERMS OF SALE, THE CATALOG, PRODUCT(S), SERVICES (INCLUDING INSTALLATION), OR ORDER(S), WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR OTHERWISE. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF GOODYEAR EXCEED THE AMOUNT CUSTOMER HAS PAID TO GOODYEAR FOR THE APPLICABLE ORDER OR PRODUCT OUT OF WHICH LIABILITY AROSE. THE PRICES OF PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ADVERTISED ON THE WEBSITE ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE, AND PRODUCTS AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS-AVAILABLE” BASIS. These limitations shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any remedy.
12. Severability. If any provision of these Terms of Sale are held illegal, unenforceable, or in conflict with any law by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provision shall be deemed severed from these Terms of Sale and the validity of the remainder of these Terms of Sale shall not be affected thereby.
13. Governing Law. These Terms of Sale shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Ohio, without regard to Ohio’s choice of law provisions, applicable to contracts made and to be enforced wholly within such state.
14. BINDING ARBITRATION
ANY CLAIM OR DISPUTE RELATING IN ANY WAY TO YOUR PURCHASE OF ANY GOODYEAR PRODUCT OR SERVICE OR THESE TERMS OF SALE SHALL BE SUBMITTED TO CONFIDENTIAL ARBITRATION, except that either party may seek interim relief from any state or federal court in the party’s state of residence to protect the party’s intellectual property rights. ARBITRATION WOULD REMOVE YOUR RIGHT TO LITIGATE A CLAIM IN COURT OR TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL ON THAT CLAIM. OTHER RIGHTS THAT YOU WOULD HAVE IN COURT MAY NOT BE AVAILABLE IN ARBITRATION. IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU READ THIS PROVISION CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCEPTING THESE TERMS OF SALE. The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its then-current arbitration rules. If any AAA rule conflicts with these Terms of Sale, these Terms of Sale shall control. You can obtain procedures, rules, and fee information from the AAA at www.adr.org or 1-800-778-7879 . Any participatory arbitration hearing that you attend shall take place in Summit County, Ohio. Ohio state law will apply during the arbitration. The judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final and binding and may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Unless inconsistent with applicable law, each party shall bear the expense of their respective attorneys’, experts’ and witness fees, regardless of which party prevails in the arbitration.
NO CLASS ACTIONS
TO THE EXTENT ALLOWED BY LAW, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES ON A CONSOLIDATED OR CLASSWIDE BASIS; THAT IS, TO EITHER JOIN A CLAIM WITH THE CLAIM OF ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY, OR ASSERT A CLAIM IN A REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY ON BEHALF OF ANYONE ELSE IN ANY LAWSUIT, ARBITRATION, OR OTHER PROCEEDING. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER, YOU MAY ONLY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST GOODYEAR IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.
15. Waivers and Amendments. The waiver by either Party of any provision of these Terms of Sale on any occasion and upon any particular circumstances shall not operate as a waiver of such provision of these Terms of Sale on any other occasion or upon any other circumstances. These Terms of Sale may be waived or amended only in a writing signed the Parties.
16. Other Terms. The Website Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and all such terms and conditions set forth therein are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference.
Goodyear Credit Card
Goodyear Credit Card transactions: the terms of the offer and applicable law governs this transaction including increasing APRs and fees.
ALASKA
Motor vehicle repair trade practices are regulated by Alaska statutes 45.45.130 - 45.45.240, administered by the consumer protection section, Alaska department of law.
COLORADO
Section 25-17-202, Colorado revised statutes, requires retailers to collect a $1.50 waste tire recycling development fee on the sale of each new motor vehicle tire.
MISSISSIPPI
If applicable, the charge on the invoice for Mississippi Waste Tire Fee is a Reimbursement of the Mississippi Waste Tire Fee.
NEW YORK
If applicable, the charge on the invoice for New York Tire Fee is imposed at the sole discretion of the seller.
NORTH CAROLINA
Tire Rebate Details:
Ϯ Get a $80 Prepaid Card with purchase or $160 Prepaid Card with purchase on the Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance ComforTred Touring, Assurance WeatherReady, Eagle F1 Family of tires, including Asymmetric All-Season, Eagle F1 SuperCar and ROF, Wrangler All-Terrain Adventure with Kevlar, Wrangler MT/R with Kevlar. Get a $70 Prepaid Card with purchase or $140 Prepaid Card with purchase on Goodyear Credit Card of: Wrangler TrailRunner AT. Get a $60 Prepaid Card with purchase or $120 Prepaid Card with purchase on Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance MaxLife, Eagle Sport All-Season. Get a $40 Prepaid Card with purchase or $80 Prepaid Card with purchase on Goodyear Credit Card of: Assurance All-Season, Assurance Fuel Max, Assurancecs Fuel Max, Wrangler DuraTrac, Wrangler Fortitude HT, Wrangler SR-A. Offers available only at participating Goodyear retailers. Rebates are on a set of four tires. Offers valid only for U.S. residents with mailing addresses in the U.S. and U.S. territories. Cannot be combined with other Goodyear rebate offers. Rebate form must be postmarked no later 10/31/18. Base portion of rebate offered by Goodyear and doubled portion of rebate offered by Citibank, N.A. Goodyear is not affiliated with MasterCard. Additional terms, conditions, and fees apply. See retailer for complete details and rebate form.
Service Rebate Details:
§ Minimum purchase of $50 required to get $25 rebate on service, including tire installation. Qualifying service purchase must be made on the Goodyear Credit Card. Subject to credit approval. Rebate paid in the form of a Goodyear Prepaid MasterCard® Card. Goodyear is not affiliated with MasterCard. Rebate offers available only on goodyear.com and at participating U.S. Goodyear Tire & Service Network Retailers. Offer valid only for U.S. residents who are individual consumers with mailing addresses in the U.S. and U.S. territories. Commercial fleets are not eligible for these rebates. Not valid on previous purchases. Rebate offers valid only on purchases between 8/1/18 – 9/30/18. One Goodyear Prepaid MasterCard® Card per qualifying purchase. Service rebate offered by Goodyear. Tire purchase, shop supplies, disposal fees and taxes are excluded from this offer. Cannot be combined with other select Goodyear rebate offers. Additional charge for shop supplies may be added. Special state exceptions: CA and NY – no additional charges for shop supplies apply. Rebate form must be postmarked no later than 10/31/18. Allow 6 to 8 weeks for Prepaid Card delivery. Service rebates are not doubled. No other discounts apply. Goodyear reserves the right to substitute a check of equal value in lieu of a Prepaid Card at its discretion. For additional questions, or to check the status of your rebate, you may visit www.GoodyearTireRebates.com or call the Goodyear Rebate Customer Service at 1-844-539-5503 weekdays, 8am to 8pm EST; Saturday 8am to 1pm EST. The Goodyear Credit Card is issued by Citibank, N.A. Fraudulent submissions will not be honored and may be prosecuted. Sponsor is not responsible for noncomplying Rebate Submissions or for lost, late, illegible, postage-due or undeliverable mail. Noncomplying rebate submissions will not be honored, acknowledged or returned. Void where taxed, restricted or prohibited by law. All decisions made by Goodyear (or its authorized representatives) relating to the validity of any submissions are final and binding. This promotion is subject to all federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Retain copies of the materials you submit. Additional terms and conditions apply. Ask participating retailer for complete details and Rebate Form.
Rebate paid in the form of a Goodyear Prepaid MasterCard Card. This Card is issued by Sunrise Banks N.A., Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from MasterCard International Incorporated. MasterCard is a registered trademark of MasterCard International Incorporated. This card may be used everywhere MasterCard debit cards are accepted. Registration, activation, acceptance, or use of this card constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions stated in the Prepaid Card Agreement. Prepaid Cards will not have cash access, expire after 6 months, and other terms, conditions, and fees may apply. Additional terms, conditions, and fees may apply. See Prepaid Card for details. Each time you use the Card the amount of the transaction will be deducted from the amount of your available balance. Card will be issued in the name on the redemption form only. Card valid for 6 months, subject to applicable law. To check the balance of your Card or receive the terms and conditions, visit login.wirecard.com/goodyearrebates or call 1-800-522-7458.
DuPontTM and Kevlar® are trademarks or registered trademarks of E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company used under license by The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company and affiliates.
Goodyear YETI Sweepstakes Details:
¢#NO PURCHASE NECESSARY. A PURCHASE OR PAYMENT OF ANY KIND WILL NOT INCREASE YOUR CHANCES OF WINNING.
1. Eligibility: Goodyear YETI Sweepstakes (the “Promotion”) is open only to legal residents of the fifty (50) United States and the District of Columbia who are at least eighteen (18) years old at the time of entry. The Promotion is comprised of a special offer (“Special Offer”) and a sweepstakes (“Sweepstakes”). Employees of The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, HelloWorld, Inc., and their parent and affiliate companies as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings and children) and household members of each such employee are not eligible for the Sweepstakes. Employees of HelloWorld, Inc., and their parent and affiliate companies as well as the immediate family (spouse, parents, siblings and children) and household members of each such employee are not eligible for the Special Offer. The Promotion is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations and is void where prohibited. Participation constitutes entrant’s full and unconditional agreement to these Official Rules and Sponsor’s and Administrator’s decisions, which are final and binding in all matters related to the Promotion. Winning a Sweepstakes prize and receiving a Special Offer is contingent upon fulfilling all requirements set forth herein.
2. Sponsor: The Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, 200 Innovation Way, Akron, OH 44316. Administrator: HelloWorld, Inc., 3000 Town Center, Suite 2100, Southfield, MI 48075.
3. Timing: The Special Offer begins on August 1, 2018 at 12:00 a.m. Eastern Time (“ET”) and ends on August 16, 2018 at 5:59 a.m. ET (the “Special Offer Period”). The Sweepstakes begins on August 1, 2018 at 12:00 a.m. ET and ends on September 1, 2018 at 5:59 a.m. ET (the "Sweepstakes Period"). Third-Party Digitas’s computer is the official time-keeping device for the Promotion.
4. How to Receive the Special Offer: During the Special Offer Period, visit goodyear.com and purchase four (4) or more Goodyear, Dunlop or Kelly tires and schedule installation with a Goodyear authorized installer (“Tire Purchase”). Then visit https://www.goodyear.com/en-US/save/yeti-promo/gwp-entry-form to register for the Special Offer.
SPECIAL OFFER: one (1) YETI 20 oz. tumbler. Approximate Retail Value (“ARV”): $29.99. All details, including color, will be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Special Offer is available while supplies last. Special Offers are non-transferable and no substitution will be made except as provided herein at the Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a Special Offer for one of equal or greater value if the designated Special Offer should become unavailable for any reason. Special Offers will be fulfilled by mail and within approximately 10-12 weeks after conclusion of the Sweepstakes Period. Special Offers are void where purchases are cancelled or installation by a Goodyear authorized installer does not occur within thirty (30) days of purchase.
Limit: Up to two (2) Special Offers per person. Multiple participants are not permitted to share the same email address. Any attempt by any participant to obtain more than the stated number of Special Offers by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations and logins, or any other methods will void that participant’s Offer and that participant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification.
5. How to Enter the Sweepstakes: There are two (2) ways to enter the Sweepstakes:
a. Via Tire Purchase: During the Sweepstakes Period, visit goodyear.com and purchase four (4) or more Goodyear, Dunlop or Kelly tires (“Tire Purchase”). For each qualifying Tire Purchase, you will receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes.
b. Via Online Alternate Method of Entry: During the Sweepstakes Period, to enter without making a Tire Purchase, visit https://www.goodyear.com/en-US/save/yeti-promo and follow the links and instructions to complete and submit the registration form, including your full name, valid mailing address and valid email address. P.O. Boxes are not permitted. Upon submitting the complete registration form, you automatically will receive one (1) entry into the Sweepstakes.
Limit: You may enter the Sweepstakes one (1) time per day during the Sweepstakes Period. Multiple entrants are not permitted to share the same email address. Any attempt by any entrant to obtain more than the stated number of entries by using multiple/different email addresses, identities, registrations and logins, or any other methods will void that entrant's entries and that entrant may be disqualified. Use of any automated system to participate is prohibited and will result in disqualification. In the event of a dispute as to any registration, the authorized account holder of the email address used to register will be deemed to be the entrant. The “authorized account holder” is the natural person assigned an email address by an Internet access provider, online service provider or other organization responsible for assigning email addresses for the domain associated with the submitted address. Each potential winner may be required to show proof of being an authorized account holder.
6. Sweepstakes Drawing: Administrator is an independent judging organization whose decisions as to the administration and operation of the Sweepstakes and the selection of the potential winners are final and binding in all matters related to the Sweepstakes. Administrator will randomly select the potential Sweepstakes winners from all eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period, on or around September 19, 2018. The potential winners will be notified by email by Administrator and will be required to confirm his/her mailing address and date of birth for eligibility and prize fulfillment purposes within five (5) days of the date notice or attempted notice is sent, in order to claim his/her prize. If a potential winner of any prize cannot be contacted, fails to provide any requested information within the required time period (if applicable), or the prize is returned as undeliverable, the potential winner forfeits his/her prize. Receiving a prize is contingent upon compliance with these Official Rules. In the event that a potential winner is disqualified for any reason, Sponsor will award the applicable prize to an alternate winner by random drawing from among all remaining eligible entries. Only three (3) alternate drawings will be held, after which the prize will remain un-awarded. Prizes will be fulfilled by mail and within approximately 10-12 weeks after conclusion of the Sweepstakes Period.
7. Sweepstakes Prizes: THREE (3) GRAND PRIZES: One (1) YETI Tundra 65 hard cooler. ARV: $349.99.
FIVE (5) FIRST PRIZES: One (1) YETI Hopper Two 30 soft cooler. ARV: $200.99.
8. All Sweepstakes Prizes: All prize details, including color, will be determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. Prizes are non-transferable and no substitution will be made except as provided herein at the Sponsor’s sole discretion. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize for one of equal or greater value if the designated prize should become unavailable for any reason. Winners are responsible for all taxes and fees associated with prize receipt and/or use. Odds of winning a Sweepstakes prize depend on the number of eligible entries received during the Sweepstakes Period. Limit: one (1) Sweepstakes prize per person.
9. Release: By receipt of any Special Offer or prize, participants agree to release and hold harmless Sponsor, YETI Coolers, LLC, Administrator, and their respective subsidiaries, affiliates, suppliers, distributors, advertising/promotion agencies, and prize suppliers, and each of their respective parent companies and each such company’s officers, directors, employees and agents (collectively, the “Released Parties”) from and against any claim or cause of action, including, but not limited to, personal injury, death, or damage to or loss of property, arising out of participation in the Special Offer and/or Sweepstakes or receipt or use or misuse of any Special Offer or prize.
10. Publicity: Except where prohibited, participation in the Promotion constitutes each recipient’s/winner’s consent to Sponsor’s and its agents’ use of recipient’s/winner’s name, likeness, photograph, voice, opinions and/or hometown and state for promotional purposes in any media, worldwide, without further payment or consideration.
11. General Conditions: Sponsor reserves the right to cancel, suspend and/or modify the Promotion, or any part of it, if any fraud, technical failures, human error or any other factor impairs the integrity or proper functioning of the Promotion, as determined by Sponsor in its sole discretion. In such event related to Sweepstakes, Sponsor, in its sole discretion, may elect to hold, or have Administrator hold, a random drawing from among all eligible entries received up to the date of discontinuance for any or all of the prizes offered herein. Sponsor and Administrator both reserve the right, in its sole discretion, to disqualify any individual it finds to be tampering with the Special Offer, Sweepstakes, or entry process or the operation of the Promotion or to be acting in violation of the Official Rules of this or any other promotion or in an unsportsmanlike or disruptive manner. Any attempt by any person to deliberately undermine the legitimate operation of the Promotion may be a violation of criminal and civil law, and, should such an attempt be made, Sponsor reserves the right to seek damages from any such person to the fullest extent permitted by law. Sponsor’s failure to enforce any term of these Official Rules shall not constitute a waiver of that provision.
12. Limitations of Liability: The Released Parties are not responsible for: (1) any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by entrants, printing errors or by any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Promotion; (2) technical failures of any kind, including, but not limited to malfunctions, interruptions, or disconnections in phone lines or network hardware or software; (3) unauthorized human intervention in any part of the Special Offer, Sweepstakes or entry process or the Promotion; (4) technical or human error which may occur in the administration of the Promotion or the processing of Special Offers, Sweepstakes prizes or entries; (5) late, lost, undeliverable, damaged or stolen mail; or (6) any injury or damage to persons or property which may be caused, directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from entrant’s participation in the Promotion or receipt or use or misuse of any Special Offer or prize. If for any reason a Sweepstakes entrant's entry is confirmed to have been erroneously deleted, lost, or otherwise destroyed or corrupted, entrant’s sole remedy is another entry in the Sweepstakes, if it is possible. No more than the stated number of prizes will be awarded. In the event that production, technical, seeding, programming or any other reasons cause more than the stated number of prizes as set forth in these Official Rules to be available and/or claimed, Sponsor reserves the right to award only the stated number of prizes by a random drawing among all legitimate, un-awarded, eligible prize claims.
13. Disputes: Except where prohibited, participant agrees that: (1) any and all disputes, claims and causes of action arising out of or connected with this Promotion or any Special Offer or prize awarded shall be resolved individually, without resort to any form of class action, and exclusively by the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan (Southern Division) or the appropriate Michigan State Court located in Oakland County, Michigan; (2) any and all claims, judgments and awards shall be limited to actual out-of-pocket costs incurred, including costs associated with participating in this Special Offer and/or Sweepstakes, but in no event attorneys’ fees; and (3) under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, indirect, punitive, incidental and consequential damages and any other damages, other than for actual out-of-pocket expenses, and any and all rights to have damages multiplied or otherwise increased. All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity, interpretation and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and obligations of the entrant and Sponsor in connection with the Promotion, shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Michigan without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law rules (whether of the State of Michigan or any other jurisdiction), which would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Michigan.
14. Participant’s Personal Information: Information collected from participants is subject to Administrator’s Privacy Policy https://www.helloworld.com/privacy-policy and Sponsor’s Privacy Policy https://www.goodyear.com/en-US/terms-conditions-privacy-policy . By participating in the Promotion, entrants hereby agree that Sponsor and Administrator may collect and use their personal information in compliance with their respective Privacy Polices and acknowledge that they have read and accepted each Privacy Policy.
15. Sweepstakes Winner List: For a Sweepstakes winner list, visit http://bit.ly/2uR5nrs . The winner list will be posted after winner confirmation is complete.
©2018 HelloWorld, Inc. All rights reserved.
Service Coupon Details:
‡ Offer expires 09/16/18. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. No other discounts apply. Will be deducted from participating retailer’s price at the time of purchase .One coupon per customer per vehicle. May not be used in combination with other coupons. No other discounts apply. Will be deducted from participating retailer's price at the time of purchase. Savings off regular price. Fluid/filter disposal charge may apply. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Redeem at participating Goodyear retailers only. See store for complete details. Special state exceptions: FL –Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA -$2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA –no fluid disposal charges apply; NY –no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies applies. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply. Cash value 1/50¢.
Battery Savings: Offer expires 09/16/18. Must present coupon to get this offer. Pricing applies to most vehicles. No other discounts apply. May not be used in combination with other coupons. Redeem at participating Goodyear Auto Service locations only. Will be deducted from participating retailer's price at the time of purchase. Savings off regular price. One coupon per customer per vehicle. Installation costs may vary and are extra. Fluid/filter disposal charges may apply. Additional Charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Special state exceptions: FL - Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA - no fluid disposal charges apply; NY - no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies apply. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply. See store for complete details. Cash value 1/50¢
Brake Inspection: Offer expires 09/16/18. Includes a visual inspection of brake pads and rotors, shoes and drums, calipers, wheel cylinders, brake hoses, master cylinder, and brake fluid level. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. No other discounts apply. May not be used in combination with other coupons. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only. Additional repairs or diagnostics may be recommended and charges may apply. Fluid/filter disposal charges may apply. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Special state exceptions: FL - Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA - no fluid disposal charges apply; NY - no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies apply. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply. See store for complete details. Cash value Cash value 1/50¢.
Conventional/Synthetic Blend Oil Change: Offer expires 09/16/18. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. No other discounts apply. Savings off regular price. Will be deducted from participating retailer’s price at the time of purchase. Includes up to 5 quarts of conventional or synthetic blend oil depending on vehicle manufacturers recommendation. Synthetic blend oil change includes a four-tire rotation. Excludes full synthetic oil. Canister/cartridge filter and diesel oil extra. Fluid/filter disposal charges may apply. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only. See store for complete details. Special state exceptions: FL – Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA – $2.50 fluid/filter disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA – no fluid disposal charges apply; NY – no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies applies. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply. See store for complete details. Cash value 1/50¢.
Full Synthetic Oil Change: Offer expires 09/16/18. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. No other discounts apply. Savings off regular price. Will be deducted from participating retailer’s price at the time of purchase. Includes up to 5 quarts of full synthetic oil plus a four-tire rotation. Canister/cartridge filter and diesel oil extra. Fluid/filter disposal charges may apply. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only. See store for complete details. Special state exceptions: FL – Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA – $2.50 fluid/filter disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies; PA – no fluid disposal charges apply; NY – no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies applies. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply. See store for complete details. Cash value 1/50¢.
Headlamps and Bulbs: Offer expires 09/16/18. Must present coupon to get this offer. Most vehicles. No other discounts apply. May not be used in combination with other coupons. Redeem at participating Goodyear Retailers only. One Coupon per customer per vehicle. Discount only applies to one (1) service of $50 or more. Minimum purchase of $50 required before sales tax and disposal fees. Will be deducted from participating retailer’s price at the time of purchase. Savings off regular price. Additional charge for shop supplies, up to 7% or $25 maximum, may be added. Special state exceptions: FL – Waste fluid/filter fee may apply; CA - $2.50 fluid disposal fee applies but no additional charge for shop supplies applies: PA – no fluid disposal charges apply; NY – no fluid disposal or additional charge for shop supplies applies. Additional terms, conditions and fees may apply. See store for complete details. Cash value 1/50¢
Discount Codes:
Must purchase on Goodyear.com with applicable promotional code to get this offer. Discount does not apply to installation, taxes, or fees where applicable. May be used in combination with Goodyear rebate offer. May not be combined with promotional codes. Limit one redemption per transaction. Cannot be applied to previous purchases. Limited quantities, no rainchecks. All other standard terms and conditions apply. Offer may be modified or cancelled at any time without prior notice.
NASCAR Details:
NASCAR® is a registered trademark of the National Association for Stock Car Auto Racing, Inc. NHRA and the NHRA logos are registered trademarks of the National Hot Rod Association and used with permission. All rights reserved.
© 2016 Hendrick Motorsports, LLC
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
or
Enter the second number on your tire's sidewall as highlighted below.
Enter the second number on your tire's sidewall as highlighted below.
Heads up: Some tires might show a number like 12.5 as 1250.
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
State
search for vehicle
Your location helps us provide you with pricing and availability.
Go
or
Searching our database...
Tire Finder
Looks like you previously searched for tires for a:
Would you like to see tires for this VEHICLE or start a new search?
Tire Finder
How to Find Your Tire Size
Finding your size is simple. Once you are at your       vehicle, write down the following highlighted numbers located on       your sidewall in the order shown below.
Passenger Tires
High Floatation Tires
× Close modal button - Goodyear need help vehicle modal
Tire Finder
Find your version/option
Find your version/option
You can usually find your vehicle's version/option in one of the following places.
Example: The version/option of a Honda Accord EX V6 is EX V6.
DRIVER'S DOOR JAMB
Find your tire size instead
Can't find your version/option? Try searching by your vehicle's tire size instead.
Finding your tire size is simple. Once you are at your vehicle, write down the following highlighted numbers located on your sidewall in the order shown below.
Example: The size of the tire below is 215/60/16.
QUICK NOTE
Not all tires fit every vehicle or tire size.
If you change your vehicle or tire size, the tire in your cart will be removed.
CHAT NOW ×
You entered a Canadian address. We're sending you to Goodyear's Canada site to see results - don't worry, we saved your tire information.
We couldn't find this location in the U.S. or Canada. Please enter a valid U.S. or Canadian address and try again.
We couldn't find this location in the U.S. Please enter a valid U.S. address and try again.
Please choose the correct address
vehicle or tire
size
Would you like to see tires for this VEHICLE or start a new search?
Would you like to see tires for this SIZE or start a new search?
Full Address or ZIP
trailer
