Internet Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the University of Central Florida Web site. Your privacy is very important to us. Our policy is to collect no identifiable personal information about you when you visit our Web site unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit our Web site, our Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed our site. This process does not identify your email address or other personal information.
Our Web server compiles statistics regarding the volume and timing of access to our Web site, such as the time and pages accessed. We do this so that we can improve the content and structure of our Web site, and only aggregate information is collected.
If members of the general public choose to share personal information with us by sending us a message, or filling out an electronic form, we will use the information only for the purposes authorized. Some of the information may be saved for a designated period of time to comply with the state of Florida’s archiving policies, but we will not disclose information about public visitors to this site with third parties or other government agencies, unless required to do so by Florida or federal law. And if we are required to disclose information by law, we will make every effort to notify any affected parties in advance.
Under current Florida and Federal law, certain personal student information is made available on the main Web site except for those students who elect to have their information suppressed from this site. Such students should read the instructions in the section “Privacy of Student Information on the UCF Web Site” below.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Agent
The agent designated by the University of Central Florida to receive and act on copyright violations under the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) is:
Joel L. Hartman, Vice President and Chief Information Officer
Millican Hall 338
Privacy of Student Information
The information displayed on the UCF web site is consistent with UCF policy on the release of directory information. Your information can be suppressed by following the directions provided below.
Directions for Suppressing Information
To suppress the display of your information throughout UCF, including the main UCF Web site, you must fill out a Directory Disclosure/Release Authorization form and deliver it to the Registrar’s Office . The form is available in PDF format online through the Registrar’s Office web site. Select the “Services and Forms” link in the left menu, then select the FERPA Authorization form.
More Information
For more details on the current policy, please refer to the Records Privacy section of the Registrar’s Office web site.
