With  19 locations  around Houston, there's an HCC campus near you.
HCC's 15 Centers of Excellence focus on top-notch faculty and industry best practices to give students the skills they need for a successful career.
Learn more about our Centers -- from Energy and Consumer Arts & Sciences to Business and Manufacturing -- and partner with us today.
HCC Withdrawal Policy
Financial aid is awarded with the expectation that you will attend your classes for the entire semester/term.  Never attending, dropping, or withdrawing can have both short-term and long-term consequences for future financial aid eligibility.
If you withdraw from a class, your tuition charges will remain the same; however, your financial aid may be reduced or cancelled.  Also, you might find you are not eligible for financial aid in future terms because you have withdrawn from too many credit hours in past terms.
Students receiving financial aid who withdraw, never attend or stop attending class(es), will have their financial aid adjusted. More details are below. 
Financial aid is available to eligible students who enroll at HCC for the period for which aid is awarded. Students who never attend classes after registering for a specific term are not eligible for financial aid for that term.
During HCC’s refund period, students who never attend classes and are reported by the faculty as never attending will have their tuition, fees, and financial aid adjusted according to the refund policy.
For financial aid purposes, students who never attend classes and are reported by the faculty as never attended are not eligible to receive scholarships or financial aid.  The awarded financial aid or scholarships will be canceled for the term of non-attendance.
Financial aid is available to eligible students who enroll at HCC for a specific period and for a specific number of courses. Financial aid will be calculated based upon the initial enrollment and will be adjusted to reflect a student’s adjustment to his/her schedule throughout the semester to reflect late start courses and non-attended courses.
Students who drop or officially withdraw from all courses of an enrollment period will have their Title IV eligibility recalculated based on the date of withdrawal.
The financial aid office will utilize the dates listed on PeopleSoft Customer Accounts to determine the dates of last academic activity when other college records of attendance are inaccessible.
Financial aid is available to eligible students who enroll at HCC for a specific period and for a specific number of courses. Students who stop attending class(es), as reported by faculty, may have financial aid adjusted to reflect the student’s administrative withdrawal from class(es).
Students who are reported by faculty as having stopped attending classes will have their financial aid adjusted.  The college will retain the full tuition and fees of students who stop attending classes after the refund period. The date of the administrative withdrawal will be the last date attended as indicated by the faculty member. This procedure parallels the manner in which the college adjusts the aid of students who officially withdraw from classes.
Students who are reported by faculty as having stopped attending classes after the college’s refund period will receive a ‘W’ grade for the class(es) and will not have their financial aid adjusted. Students who are reported by a faculty member with a grade of “FX” (stopped attending) but do not have a reported last date of attendance will be calculated using the 50% point of the semester. The college will retain full tuition and fees of these students. Shorter sessions and late start sessions will be calculated according to the longest session attended taking into consideration any breaks in enrollment.
Academic consequence – grade of “W”
Financial consequence – required to repay all or a portion of your financial aid
If you withdraw after the “Last day to withdraw”:
Academic consequence – grade of “FX” (same impact on your GPA as an “F”)
Financial consequence – required to repay all or a portion of your financial aid
 **Future financial aid eligibility may be affected no matter when you withdraw. Additional information can be found by clicking here .  
Decisions related to your academic program should not be based solely on financial considerations.  Check out the following resources first:
Instructor – speak with your instructor first if you are struggling in your class.
Tutors  – students who visit a Learning Center more than four times in a semester have better than an 80% chance at success.
Financial Coach - financial coaches can connect students with on-campus and community resources that will help you: achieve academic success; push through financial emergencies; make refunds last longer and start really moving toward financial security.
If you do decide to withdraw, please consult with Academic Advisor and/or Financial Aid Representative to be sure you understand the consequences of your decision.
Get Started with HCC
© 2018 Houston Community College
