Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is designed to inform users of our proprietary sensing as a service dashboard available at www.tiveco.wpengine.com, including all sub-sites and micro-sites controlled by us, and any related smartphone or mobile application (collectively, the “Service”) about how Tive, Inc. (“Tive”, “we” or “us”) gathers and uses personal information submitted to Tive through the Service. Tive will take reasonable steps to protect user privacy consistent with the guidelines set forth in this policy and with all applicable U.S. laws. In this policy, “user” or “you” means any person viewing the Service or submitting any personal information to Tive in connection with using the Service.
By accessing our website, using our software services or Tive sensor devices, or by otherwise providing us with your personally identifying information, you are accepting the practices and policies described in the Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and any changes will be posted on this page, and if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. If you have questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy, you should first contact us at privacy@tiveco.wpengine.com.
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including third party services used by Tive. For these third party services, we encourage you to familiarize yourself with the applicable third party privacy policies.
What Information Do We Collect?
Personal Information
If you sign up to create an account, we may ask you for certain personal information for the account, including the name of the individual creating the account, business email address, business phone number, company name, and payment information such as credit card number (the “Personal Information”). In addition, if you contact Tive and disclose additional personal information, we may store that Personal Information.
User Data
When you use the Tive sensors, as well any related software and application, you transmit to Tive certain user-specific data (“User Data”) that we use to provide the Service, including to but not limited to the route data, device location, various sensor measurements relating to your use of the Service, and additional information that the Service allows you to input, such as device names, device group names, device update rates, and any other related sensor and device settings.
Web Tracking Information
We, and third party service providers that we engage to provide services to us (“Contractors”), may use web tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and clear GIFs in order to operate the Service efficiently and to collect data related to usage of the Service. Such collected data (“Web Tracking Information”) may include the address of the websites you visited before and after you visited the Tive website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, what pages in the Service you visit and what links you clicked on, and whether you opened email communications we send to you. In order to collect Web Tracking Information and to make your use of the Service more efficient, we may store cookies on your computer. We may also use web tracking technologies that are placed in web pages on the Service or in email communications to collect information about actions that users take when they interact with the Service or such email communications, and our Contractors may also do so. We do not correlate Web Tracking Information to individual user Personal Information. Some Web Tracking Information may include data, such as IP address data, that is unique to you. You may be able to modify your browser settings to alter which web tracking technologies are permitted when you use the Service, but this may affect the performance of the Service.
How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
Personal Information
We will use and store Personal Information for the purpose of delivering the Service (including to establish or renew your Tive account), and to analyze and enhance the operation of the Service. We may also use Personal Information for the internal operational and administrative purposes of the Service. We may enter Personal Information into our contact management database, and may use such database to send you marketing materials and to contact you regarding your interest in Tive products and services.
User Data
We will use the User Data to provide the Service. We may aggregate User Data across all or a subset of users to create statistical information relating to the use of the Service, as described in “Aggregate Information” below.
Aggregate Information
We will also create statistical, aggregated data relating to our users and the Service for analytical purposes. Aggregated data is derived from Personal Information and User Data but in its aggregated form it does not relate to or identify any particular client or individual or any specific user’s data. This data is used to understand our customer base and to develop, improve and market our services.
Web Tracking Information
We use Web Tracking Information to administer the Service and to understand how well our Service is working, to store your user preferences, and to develop statistical information on usage of the Service. This allows us to determine which features users like best to help us improve our Service, to personalize your user experience, and to measure overall effectiveness.
Legal Exception
Notwithstanding the above, Tive may use Personal Information and User Data to the extent required by law or legal process, or if in Tive’s reasonable discretion use is necessary to investigate fraud or any threat to the safety of any individual, to protect Tive’s legal rights or to protect the rights of third parties.
What Information Do We Disclose to Third Parties?
Tive’s Disclosure of Personal Information
Tive will not disclose Personal Information to any third party except to our Contractors who are bound by written obligations of confidentiality, or as described under “Permitted Disclosures” below.
User Data
We only disclose User Data to any the designated administrators of the business entity that you establish via your account. Except as described above, we disclose User Data only to you, the user who submitted the User Data to Tive, to our Contractors who are bound by obligations of confidentiality, and as described under “Permitted Disclosures” below.
Web Tracking Information
We disclose Web Tracking Information to Contractors, in order to analyze the performance of the Service and the behavior of users, and to operate and improve the Service.
Aggregate Information
We may disclose aggregated data that does not contain Personal Information that identifies any particular user or person to any third parties, such as potential customers, business partners, advertisers, and funding sources, in order to describe our business and operations.
Permitted Disclosures
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Tive reserves the right to disclose any information Tive collects in connection with the Service, without further notice to you (a) to any successor to Tive’s business as a result of any merger, acquisition or similar transaction; and (b) to any law enforcement or regulatory authority to the extent required by law or if, in Tive’s reasonable discretion, disclosure is necessary to investigate fraud or any threat to the safety of any individual, to protect Tive’s legal rights or to protect the rights of third parties.
How Can You Opt Out of Use and Disclosure of Your Information?
If you would like your Personal Information removed from our mailing list or database, please contact us at removal@tiveco.wpengine.com. In the event of any such removal, Tive may retain copies of information for its archives.
Access and Updating of Information
You can update your Personal Information by using the profile editing tools on the Service. Tive will respond to any reasonable request by a user to review or amend his or her Personal Information held in our mailing list or database. Tive reserves the right to verify your identity in order to provide such access. Please contact us by sending an email to users@tiveco.wpengine.com.
Security
We use reasonable security precautions to protect the security and integrity of your Personal Information and User Data in accordance with this policy and applicable law. However, no Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that security breaches will not occur. Without limitation of the foregoing, we are not responsible for the actions of hackers and other unauthorized third parties that breach our reasonable security procedures.
Links
The Service may contain links to other websites. Tive is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Users should be aware of this when they leave our site and review the privacy statements of each Web site they visit that collects information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to personal information collected by Tive.
Amendments
Tive may modify or amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, as determined by Tive, in the way in which Personal Information or User Data is collected, used or transferred, we will notify you of these changes by modification of this Privacy Policy, which will be available for review by you at the Service.
Service Visitors from outside the United States
Tive and its servers are located in the United States and are subject to the applicable state and federal laws of the United States. If you choose to access the Service, you consent to the use and disclosure of information in accordance with this privacy policy and subject to such laws.
Terms of Use
 
Contact us
Email
Tive may use your contact information to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at anytime. For information on how to unsubscribe, see our Privacy Policy.
Name
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
