Privacy Highlights for Quicken Customers
Quicken values your privacy. We will not, without your permission, sell, publish or share information you entrust to us that identifies you or any person.
As of March 31, 2016, Quicken has new ownership and is no longer affiliated with Intuit, Inc. However, the new owner intends for data handling practices to remain consistent. For more information, see our privacy statement at http://www.quicken.com/privacy/us .
 
† Limited time offer of 40% off the list price applies only to the purchase of Quicken Deluxe, Premier, Home, Business & Rental Property for the first year only when you order directly from Quicken by Sep 20, 2018, 11:59 PM PDT. Offer good for new memberships only. Offer listed above cannot be combined with any other offers. Terms, conditions, pricing, features, offers and service options subject to change without notice.
Monitoring alerts, data downloads, and feature updates are available through the end of your membership term. Online services require internet access. Third-party terms and additional fees may apply. Phone support, online features, and other services vary and are subject to change. 14,500+ participating financial institutions as of October 1, 2017.
Standard message and data rates may apply for sync, e-mail and text alerts. Visit  www.quicken.com/go/apps  for details. Quicken app (“App”) is compatible with iPad, iPhone, iPod Touch, Android phones and tablets. Not all Quicken desktop features are available in the App. The App is a companion app and will work only with Quicken 2015 and above desktop products.
Quicken Bill Pay (Bill Payment Services provided by Metavante Payment Services, LLC) is included in Quicken Premier and above and is available on  QuickenBillPay.com  as a separate add-on service in Starter and Deluxe. 15 payments per month included in Premier and above.
Purchase entitles you to Quicken for 1 or 2 years (depending upon length of membership purchased), starting at purchase. Full payment is charged to your card immediately. At the end of the membership period, membership will automatically renew every year and you will be charged the then-current price (prices subject to change). You may cancel before renewal date. For full details, consult the Quicken License Agreement. You can manage your subscription at your My Account page.
2018 release of Quicken for Windows imports data from Quicken for Windows 2010 or newer, Microsoft Money 2008 and 2009 (for Deluxe and higher).  Quicken for Mac 2018 release imports data from Quicken for Windows 2010 or newer, Quicken for Mac 2015 or newer, Quicken for Mac 2007, Quicken Essentials for Mac, Banktivity.
30-day money back guarantee: If you’re not satisfied, return this product to Quicken within 30 days of purchase with your dated receipt for a full refund of the purchase price less shipping and handling fees. See www.quicken.com/30dayguarantee for full details and instructions.
Quicken for Mac software and the Quicken mobile app are not designed to function outside the U.S.
The VantageScore provided under the offer described here uses a proprietary credit scoring model designed by VantageScore Solutions, LLC. There are numerous other credit scores and models in the marketplace, including different VantageScores. Please keep in mind third parties may use a different credit score when evaluating your creditworthiness. Also, third parties will take into consideration items other than your credit score or information found in your credit file, such as your income.
VantageScore®, Equifax®, Experian® and TransUnion® are registered trademarks of their respective owners.
EQUIFAX is a registered trademark of Equifax Inc. The other Equifax marks used herein are trademarks of Equifax Inc. Other product and company names mentioned herein are property of their respective owners.
Illustrations © 2018 Adam Simpson. All rights reserved.
© 2018 Quicken Inc. All rights reserved. Quicken is a registered trademark of Intuit Inc., used under license.
Personal Finance Software
© 2018 Quicken Inc. All rights reserved. Quicken is a registered trademark of Intuit Inc., used under license.
iPhone, iPod, iPad Touch are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Android is a trademark of Google Inc.
Dropbox, PayPal, Yelp, and other parties’ marks are trademarks of their respective companies.
Terms, conditions, features, availability, pricing, fees, service and support options subject change without notice.
Corporate Headquarters: 3760 Haven Avenue, Menlo Park, CA  94025
