Privacy Policy
Pizza Hut, LLC (hereinafter referred to as either, “Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”) is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information you may provide Us on this website (the “Site”). We believe it is important for you to know how We treat your personal information. We updated this Privacy Policy effective as of August 1, 2016. The terms of this Privacy Policy apply to all users of this Site. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately cease the use of this Site. Below you will find answers to several questions regarding Our revised Privacy Policy.
What information does Company collect about me on this Site?
What does Company do with the information collected?
With whom does Company share the information?
How can I stop receiving notices about future offers or to stop my Personal Information from being shared with third parties?
How do I correct or update my Personal Information?
How does Company protect the security of my Personal Information?
Does Company’s Site link to other sites?
What is the effective date of Company Privacy Policy and how will Company notify me of changes to its Privacy Policy?
How do I contact Company?
What information does Company collect about me on this site?
Company collects personally identifiable information that you may voluntarily provide on online forms, which may include: user registration, franchise application, sweepstakes registration, contact requests, guest comments, online surveys, and other online activities. The personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) collected on this Site can include some or all of the following: your name, address, telephone number(s), e-mail address(es), credit card information, demographic information, financial information, and any other information you may voluntarily provide. You will have the choice whether or not to disclose such Personal Information in the above activities; however, some parts of the Site and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use if you choose not to disclose Personal Information.
This Site contains an application that can be completed and submitted online by those persons interested in being considered for franchise opportunities. This application contains an “Authorization to Release Information” that details the manner in which Company may use the information gathered by the application.
You will have the option to receive future updates from the Company by checking an opt-in box on this Site. If you choose to opt-in, your Personal Information will be kept in a secured database and We will alert you via electronic communication method to updated information and services.
In addition to the Personal Information identified above, Our web servers automatically identify computers by their IP addresses. Company may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. To emphasize, IP addresses are not linked to Personal Information.
Further, Our Site may use technologies such as “cookies” to provide visitors with tailored information upon each visit. Cookies are a common part of many commercial websites that allow small text files to be sent by a website, accepted by a web browser and then placed on your hard drive as recognition for repeat visits to the Site. Every time you visit Our Site, Our servers, through cookies, pixels and/or GIF files, collect basic technical information such as your domain name, the address of the last URL visited prior to clicking through to the Site, and your browser and operating system. You do not need to enable cookies to visit Our Site; however, some parts of the Site and some services may be more difficult or impossible to use if cookies are disabled. To emphasize, cookies are not linked to any Personal Information while on this Site.
What does Company do with the information collected?
Company may use your Personal Information for any of the following purposes: (1) to understand the use of the Site and make improvements; (2) process any franchise applications; (3) to fulfill prizes; (4) to register visitors for online activities such as: online ordering, franchise applications, sweepstakes, contests, surveys, comment forms, or any other online interactive activities; (5) to respond to specific requests from visitors; (6) to obtain parental consent from visitors under 18 years of age, when necessary; (7) to provide any necessary notices to visitors or their parent or legal guardians if situations prompt such notification; (8) to protect the security or integrity of the Site if necessary; (9) to send notices of updates regarding the Company to those who have selected to opt-in to receive such communications; (10) in general, to promote and market Company’s business and various products; and (11) for any other purpose for which the information was collected.
With whom does Company share the information?
Company is a part of Yum! Brands, Inc. (“Yum Brands”). Yum Brands includes: KFC U.S. Properties, Inc., Taco Bell Corp., and Pizza Hut, LLC, and Yum Restaurants International, Inc. Company may share Personal Information collected on this Site with any member of Yum Brands and any other future subsidiaries or affiliates. This Privacy Policy applies if Company shares your Personal Information collected on this Site with any other Yum Brands members. If you choose to provide your Personal Information to other members of Yum Brands through their respective websites, then the respective Privacy Policies will apply.
Company will not sell, rent, loan, transfer, or otherwise disclose any Personal Information to third parties except as set forth in this statement. Company may share Personal Information with third parties under the following circumstances: (i) in connection with a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or when otherwise required by law; (ii) in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, or similar event; (iii) working with third party companies to support the Site’s technical operation or execute a specific promotion or program (such as providing responses to the Guest Comments Page, conduct surveys, or maintain a database of visitor information, etc.); or (iv) in connection with processing a submitted franchise application. In the case of processing a submitted franchise application, Company may disclose your Personal Information to Dun & Bradstreet, credit unions, financial institutions, and any other third party necessary to further process your franchise application.
In order to carry out your requests, to make various features, services and materials available to you through the Services, and to respond to your inquiries, we may share your Personal Information with third parties that perform functions on our behalf, such as companies or individuals that host or operate our Services; analyze data; or aid Us in the processing of the franchisee applications or any other functions of the Site.
If Personal Information is shared with any third party for the purposes of executing a specific promotion or program, it will be clearly communicated to visitors that the third party will have no right to use the Personal Information for independent purposes without your consent. In support of this policy, Company will enter into written agreements with any third party receiving Personal Information requiring the third party to comply with Company’s privacy policies and applicable laws. To avoid your Personal Information from being shared with a third party, you should choose not to use the affected service or participate in the affected activity.
How can I stop receiving notices about future offers or to stop my personal information from being shared with third parties for marketing purposes?
For those who initially opted-in to receive future communications from Company or to allow the sharing of Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes, You may subsequently opt-out by sending a request to Us through the following email address: franchising@pizzahut.com . Alternatively, You may opt-out of receiving future electronic communications from Company by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link on any electronic communications received from Company.
How do I correct or update my personal information?
Send a request to Us at the following email address: franchising@pizzahut.com .
How does Company protect the security of my personal information?
Company uses appropriate technical and procedural security measures to protect this Site and data submitted by users. We cannot guarantee, however, that our standard measures will not prevent a third party from circumventing our security measures and unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or where an error may occur in the administration of this Site. As such, Company recommends that you use caution whenever submitting Personal Information online.
Does Company’s site link to other sites?
Yes. This Site may contain links to other websites that may not be owned or operated by Company. Company cannot control nor is responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites. Company encourages you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to Personal Information collected on this Site.
What is the effective date of Company privacy policy and how will Company notify me of changes to its privacy policy?
This Privacy Policy was last updated on August 1, 2016. Company will post any changes on the Site’s Homepage, so visitors are always aware of any changes to what information We collect, how We use it, and under what circumstances We disclose it. If We decide to use your Personal Information in a manner different than first communicated, Company will notify users by e-mail to the e-mail addresses on record. Users will then be given a choice as to whether or not their Personal Information can be used in the new manner. In the event that Company goes through a business transition, such as a merger, another company acquires Company or its Affiliates, or Company sells a portion of its assets, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. At least ten days prior to the change of ownership or control, you will be informed of this exchange and its effects via prominent notice on Our site. If as a result of a business transition, your Personal Information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be given the choice to opt-out.
How do I contact Company?
If you have any further questions concerning the Company’s Privacy Policy and the use of your Personal Information, please contact Us at the following email address: franchising@pizzahut.com .
Effective as of August 1, 2016.
Pizza Hut is always looking for new franchisees ready to embrace our winning culture and commitment to superior restaurant-quality food.
© 2018 Pizza Hut, LLC
