Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park Privacy Policy
Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park is committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize your need for control of personally identifiable information that you share with us. Personally identifiable information is any information that is associated with your name. This policy was created with our consumers’ interests in mind.
Collecting
This site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. This site may collect personally identifiable information through site registrations, coupons or sample requests, online surveys, or other means.
Usage
Water-Zoo uses information it collects from you to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. To help us improve your experience, we might track your use of our website. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website, to understand our customers’ needs, and when you allow it, to contact you about our products, services and updates to our websites. We may utilize the information we gather, along with the information obtained from third parties.
Sharing
Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park will not provide, sell or lease your personally identifiable information to any third parties unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. We may share your information with our business partners/entities in order to satisfy your business needs. We are committed to giving you the choice of whether or not your information can be used for additional purposes such as direct marketing.
Children
We will not ask for information from children under 13 years of age. Teenagers should ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves (name, address, e-mail address, etc.) to us or anyone else over the internet, and before making any purchases online.
Links
Our website may contain links to other websites outside of our control. While we make it a practice to only link to credible websites, we have no control over these sites and our privacy policy does not apply to these linked sites.
Choice/Opt-out
Our site provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from our site or our partners at the point where we request your information about you.
Cookies
Our site uses “Cookies” to simplify site navigation, deliver relevant information and provide a customized user experience. Cookies are lines of text that are sometimes transmitted between your web browser and a server when you click on a link. Cookies provide a way for a server to recall a previous request from a particular web browser. Cookies cannot obtain any information that you do not knowingly volunteer. Many web browsers may be configured to notify you when you are about to receive a Cookie and give you the option of refusing the Cookie. If you refuse Cookies from this site, certain sections of the site may not function properly.
Mail-to Links
This site may contain mail-to links for submitting information to Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park. Information sent to us such as resumes and requests to be contacted are treated as confidential and are not shared with any other party.
SECURITY POLICY
At Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park, we are committed to safeguarding our customers’ privacy. Our pledge is that we will never release your personal information to any third party without your consent. “We won’t sell your name, we won’t rent your name, and we won’t give your name away without your permission.”
Your Information Is Safe With Us
Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park is committed to utilizing and promoting fair information practices and ethical data management over the internet. We will ensure that your privacy is protected through open disclosure and empower you to make informed choices.
Our Pledge to You
At Water-Zoo Indoor Water Park, we take the security and privacy of your information very seriously. We have necessary steps to assure you that our website is legitimate by ensuring that information sent either way (from you to Water-Zoo or vice versa) remains secure, private, and intact, even in the unlikely event that it is intercepted. Also, both parties can be assured that messages are received exactly as sent. This ultimately results in safe online transactions that protect you, our customer, and us.
Admission
