For users and visitors in the  United States
This  Policy applies to BMO Harris Online Services provided by BMO Harris Bank N.A.  and its U.S. affiliates.
Personal  information of customers will be used and shared in accordance with the  applicable entity’s Privacy Notice.
Data  we may collect include location information, device information, website use  information, and other information.
By  using our Online Services, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of  personal information in accordance with this Policy.
We  and our service providers may present ads to you using information gathered  about you over time across multiple websites or other platforms. This may  include apps.
BMO  Harris does not respond to “do not track” signals. We participate in certain  third party ad network self-regulatory programs for online behavioral advertising,  where you may opt-out of having your online behavior collected for advertising  purposes.
We  may send you promotional emails, from which you may opt-out.
You  may choose to participate in online surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other  voluntary activities, where information provided will be used in accordance  with this Policy and if applicable, the sweepstakes’ official rules.
We  use security controls to protect your personal information.
Our  websites may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate.
BMO Harris is committed to  respecting and protecting the privacy of our online and mobile visitors.  This Online and Mobile Privacy Policy (this “Policy”)  explains what information BMO Harris Bank N.A. (the “Bank") and our U.S.  banking and non-banking affiliates and subsidiaries, specifically BMO Asset  Management Corp., BMO Harris Financial Advisors, CTC myCFO, LLC, and Taplin,  Canida & Habacht, LLC,  that link to  this Policy (together with the Bank referred to collectively “BMO Harris” or “we” or “us”) may collect about you via our websites and mobile  services (collectively, “Online Services”) and how we use and protect that  information.  It should be read in  conjunction with the Website Terms of Use .
The Bank uses and shares its  customers’ personal information in accordance with the terms of its Privacy Notice .  In addition, each of the entities identified  above uses and shares its consumer customers’ personal information in  accordance with the terms of its Privacy Notice, which is available on each  entity’s website.
We may collect personal  information when you use our Online Services, including when you apply to open  an account online, log in to our online or mobile banking services or schedule  an appointment.  For example, we may  collect your name, email address, user ID, password, Social  Security Number, and employment and income information.
We may also collect other data  about you through your online or mobile activities or through third parties on  our behalf.  This data may or may not be  personally identifiable to you.  Data  that we may collect includes:
Location Information, such as the  information about your device’s approximate physical location for purposes such  as validating your identity, the prevention, suppression or detection of crime,  and to enhance the functionality of a particular service, for example locating  a nearby BMO Harris branch. The ability to access location information is  controlled by your device. Please refer to the user guide for your device  regarding how to allow or block the collection of location information. If you  choose not to provide location information, some services may not operate  effectively.
Device Information such as information  about your operating system, browser, software applications, IP address,  geolocation, security status and other similar device information in order to  improve your experience, to protect against fraud and manage risk.
Website Use Information such  as browsing behavior on BMO Harris websites, and links and locations you click,  form data and downloads as well as other data gathered from the use of web  tools (for example, Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons) to better understand  your interests and needs so that we can serve you better.
Other Information, such as any feedback  you may provide to us, answers to surveys and questionnaires, and use of online  tools and calculators.
We do not knowingly solicit from,  and the Online Services are not intended for, children under 13, and children  under 13 should not provide personal information online. If a parent or  guardian becomes aware that his or her child under the age of 13 has provided  us with information without their consent, he or she should contact  us .  We will delete such information from our files.
Provide  and manage the online products and services you have requested;
Verify  your identity and authenticate you;
Protect  against fraud, security threats and otherwise manage risks;
Communicate  with you regarding products and services that may be of interest;
Evaluate  and improve our websites and other electronic offerings;
Tailor  our services and otherwise enhance the customer experience;
Satisfy  legal or regulatory requirements or law enforcement requests; and
As  permitted by applicable law.
We  or our service providers may use various tracking tools, such as Cookies, Pixel Tags  and Web Beacons, on our websites and advertisements.
Cookies are a string of data  sent between a server and a web browser to, for example, help facilitate the  use of a website and to help understand how a website is being used.
Different types of cookies are  used for different types of activities. Examples of cookies we may use are:
Session cookies enable the website  you are visiting to keep track of your movement from page to page so you do not  get asked for the same information you've already given to the site. Session  cookies allow you to proceed through many pages of a site quickly and easily  without having to authenticate or reprocess each new area you visit. They are  not written to hard drive so they are deleted once you log out or close your  browser. These cookies do not gather personal information about you that could be  used for marketing or remembering where you have been on the Internet.
Persistent cookies help websites  remember your information and settings when you visit them in the future, and  help us provide you with a more personalized experience when you are using our  websites by analyzing which products and services you have used.  When you log in to any of our online  services, we associate you with a unique internal identifier. The unique  identifier allows us to know who you are; however, the cookie will never contain  personal information that would identify you to a third party.  This unique identifier enables us to monitor  your browsing habits on our websites so that we can better understand your  needs and communicate with you regarding products and services that may be of  interest to you.  Persistent cookies are  stored on your computer.
We  do not use cookies to capture your email address, obtain data on your hard  drive or gain confidential or sensitive information about you.  Cookies are a commonly used technology and  many web browser’s default to automatically accept cookies. If you decide that  you do not wish to accept cookies, refer to your browser’s online help for  further instruction and information on setting cookie preferences.
In  addition to cookies, we may use Flash cookies (also known as “local shared  objects”) to improve your website experience by identifying online behaviors  and customizing the ads you view to reflect your browsing experience. While  Flash cookies are similar to cookies in terms of their operation, they may not  be managed or deleted in the same way. They may be stored on your device using  a media player or other software installed on your device. Deleting cookies  from your browser does not delete Flash cookies. You may learn more about Flash  cookies through the Adobe website .
If  you do not accept cookies or Flash cookies, you may continue to browse our  websites; however, you should be aware that certain features of our websites  may not function properly without cookies or Flash cookies.   If you would like to use a service such as  BMO Harris Online Banking® or BMO Harris Mobile Banking®, you will be required to accept the  cookies or Flash cookies to maintain session integrity and enhanced security.
[Pixel Tags, Web Beacons and similar  technologies are tracking tools that may be used on our website that, when  combined with cookies, monitor user activity.   They help us capture user activity for analysis to better understand use  and effectiveness of the website, enhance user experience and provide  additional security controls.  We do not  collect any personal information through these tools.]
Online and Mobile  Authentication Process captures  and stores device information as well as information you provide in order to  confirm your identity each time you visit our secure websites.  When you purchase a new product online,  register for a secure online service or activate an existing product, the  application you complete may include an online authentication process. The  information that you provide in your application may be compared against the  information contained in your consumer credit report to validate your identity.
We or our service providers use  data collected about you over time across multiple websites or other platforms  to present interest-based ads to you. This data may be collected on our  websites and platforms, or the websites and platforms of others. This may include  information collected on apps. We and our service providers also use this data  to help manage and optimize our Online Services and communications to you. Our  ads may be for products or services we think are relevant based on your  browsing habits or online activities. These ads may be about our products and  services, or other companies’ products and services.
We use certain tracking tools (as  described above) to collect information about you to serve these ads. These  tools track if you have clicked on a BMO Harris ad on a website and identify  your activity when you clicked on that ad using cookies and web beacons.
BMO  Harris uses third-party advertising networks to distribute our advertisements  on other websites and mobile applications where we have paid to advertise. Our  ads may also be served in emails. These  advertisements may use tracking technologies to capture certain data, such as  your IP address, usage information, or your responsiveness to our advertisements. To stop certain online  advertising by BMO Harris, please see the “Do Not Track Signals” section  below.
Third  parties may collect certain information on BMO Harris websites or other sites  where BMO Harris advertises. These third parties might link your name or email  address to other information they collect from certain third party websites you  may visit.
. The DAA’s Principles are intended to provide  consumers with transparency about the collection and use of data for online  behavioral advertising and to promote the consumer’s choice in managing its  scope. BMO Harris adheres to the DAA’s  Principles.
Pursuant to the DAA’s Principles, BMO Harris  honors Do Not Track opt-out preferences that you make to participating third  party advertising networks that we hire to perform advertising on our  behalf. To limit or stop the collection  of your online behavior for advertising purposes, you can visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices /
.  You can also learn more at http://www.youradchoices.com
. You can also click on DoubleClick, http://info.evidon.com/more_info/4311?cps%5b4311%5d=1
,  to opt out of that ad program. These  opt-outs work by placing a cookie on your browser. If you delete cookies, use a different  computer, or change browsers, you will need to opt out again.
.
For mobile users, you can also download  the AppChoices mobile app on your supported Apple or Android mobile device. You  can also visit http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices
for more information on how to limit advertising while using apps on your  mobile device. Additionally, you may be  able to limit ad tracking on apps by adjusting the settings on your mobile  device.
You may still receive online advertisements  from us even if you opt out in any of the ways identified above but they will  not be customized based on your choices or behavior. Choices you make are  browser and device specific.
Email  Communications: If you prefer not to  receive email communications from us, you can unsubscribe by clicking the “Unsubscribe” button provided in the promotional emails you receive from  us.  Please allow up to 10 business days  for us to process your request. However, if you unsubscribe, we may still send  you transactional email (for example, a notice about an upcoming change  affecting your account) about your accounts and services.
Voluntary  Participation: From time to time, you  may choose to enter your information in order to participate in online surveys,  contests, sweepstakes or other activities that we sponsor. We use this  information for a variety of reasons, such as measuring the performance of the  website, or identifying products and services that might interest you. All  information is used in accordance with the purposes outlined in this Policy and
the official rules of the contest  or sweepstakes, if applicable.  Do not participate  in these voluntary activities if you do not want your information used for  these purposes.
To learn more about the Bank’s  online and mobile security practices, visit www.bmoharris.com/security . To learn more about  the other Bank-affiliated entities’ security practices, visit each entity’s  website.
BMO  Harris Bank N.A.
111 West Monroe
Chicago, Illinois  60603
