today, receive  by Tuesday Free shipping on orders over $99
We only ship within the United States
Your Zip:
Zip Code
For product availability in your area, please verify your 5-digit zip code.
Apply
We are away right now.
Feel free to send us a message and we will follow up ASAP.
Free ground shipping for purchases over $99                          ! *
Tracking UPS Shipments
Once an  order has shipped, you will receive an email with the tracking number(s) of  your package(s). To track a UPS shipment,  click  here . You can track your order and review your order details on the SupplyHouse.com My Account  page.
Tracking Freight Shipments
Heavier items will ship via one of our  freight carriers. Once material has shipped, you will receive an email with  the tracking number(s) of your package(s). Your email will contain an estimated  delivery date. Please note that the date provided is an estimate, and you are  not guaranteed delivery on this date. The freight company will call you at  least 24 hours in advance of delivery to schedule a drop off time. You may also  call the freight company directly to schedule. Please reference your tracking  number when calling. To track a freight shipment, please use the following  links:
YRC: Track your shipment here .
AM Home Delivery: Track your shipment here .
All Delivery Options
UPS Next Day Air  (Delivery by 12PM next day)
UPS Next Day Air Early AM  (Commercial Only, delivery by 8AM)
UPS Next Day Air Saver  (Delivery by end of following business day)
UPS 2nd Day Air (Delivery  by end of 2nd business day)
UPS 2nd Day Air AM  (Commercial Only, delivery by 10:30AM of 2nd business day)
UPS 3 Day Select
Expedited Orders
Orders placed for in-stock items with expedited shipping (3 Day Select, 2nd Day Air, Next Day Air) before 3:00pm EDT will be shipped the day they are placed. Expedited orders placed after 3:00pm EDT will be shipped the following business day.
Examples (Applicable to in-stock items only):
An order shipped 3 Day Select will arrive on the third business day after the order is shipped. For example, if you place an order on Tuesday at 10am EDT, it will be delivered when UPS normally comes on Friday.
An order shipped 2nd Day Air will be delivered on the second business day after the order is shipped. For example, if you place an order on Thursday at 9pm EDT, it will arrive the following Tuesday.
An order shipped Next Day Air will arrive on the next business day after the order is shipped. For example, if you place an order on Saturday, it will ship on Monday and arrive on Tuesday. If you place an order on Friday before 3:00pm it will be delivered on Monday (not Saturday).
For more information on  expedited orders, click here .
Freight Orders
Check out our video and learn how to inspect freight packages.
Orders over 150 lbs. are usually shipped via freight carrier. When a freight order is delivered, please be sure to inspect your freight package using the guidelines below before accepting the delivery.
1. Examine both the packaging and the material inside to ensure there are no physical damages.*
2. The material is strapped down to a skid and the material received matches your SupplyHouse.com packing slip.
3. If your material has arrived damaged, please note all damages on the delivery receipt and refuse the delivery.
4. All freight shipments are curbside deliveries unless otherwise noted. Our customer service team can arrange a lift gate service .
5. Additional fees apply if you wish to change your address once a shipment is already in transit.
Note: Damaged units MUST be reported within 24 Hours of receipt.
* If you find minimal damage that will not affect the way the unit operates, you can make a note on the delivery receipt and accept the delivery.
For more information about freight shipments,  please click here.
Inventory and Lead Times
Inventory and lead  time messages are updated daily to maintain accuracy and are subject to change  as orders are processed throughout the day. If your order contains both in  stock and out of stock items, those available will ship first. When the  remainder of the order comes in, it will ship separately. This does not affect  shipping costs.
Shipping Information Entry
UPS does not ship to PO Boxes.  All addresses should include a street address, city, state, and postal code.  If special instructions are necessary, please note them on the checkout page.
Customers are responsible for entering the correct shipping information; this includes matching the address with the correct postal code as entered in the checkout process.  If UPS cannot find the shipping destination due to customer error in entering the address, the shipping costs associated with returning the package to SupplyHouse.com and re-shipping the package to its correct address will be the responsibility of the customer.  If after the package returns to SupplyHouse.com, a customer decides not to re-ship, the order will be subject to standard return policies including restocking fees.
International Orders
We do not ship to locations outside of the United States. If you choose to ship to a freight forwarding company, SupplyHouse.com cannot be held liable for any exchange with a forwarding company. Once delivery is confirmed by UPS, SupplyHouse.com is no longer liable for the package. Please be aware that merchandise purchased through SupplyHouse.com is only warranted within the United States. For more information about our warranty policy, please click here .
Alaska and Hawaii
Orders over $500 shipping to Alaska and Hawaii receive a $50 discount. Please understand that these orders typically take 6–8 days transit time from when they leave our warehouse for UPS shipments, and 9–12 days transit time for freight shipments. If you choose to ship to a freight forwarding company, SupplyHouse.com cannot be held liable for any exchange with a forwarding company. Once delivery is confirmed by UPS, SupplyHouse.com is no longer liable for the package.
* Only applies to contiguous US.
    Orders over $500 shipping to Alaska and Hawaii receive a $50 discount.
We're here to help
We'll do anything we can to help find an answer to your question.
Call us 1-888-757-4774
items only
* Free slots for orders with water heaters, boilers and other bulky items only
* Available in select areas of
We're dedicated to our customers!
We'll go above and beyond to help you with your projects
SPECIAL OFFERS
Keep in touch with us! Join our mailing list to receive exclusive offers and coupons.
© 2018 SupplyHouse.com
