today, receive  by Tuesday Free shipping on orders over $99
We only ship within the United States
Your Zip:
Zip Code
For product availability in your area, please verify your 5-digit zip code.
Apply
We are away right now.
Feel free to send us a message and we will follow up ASAP.
Personal Information
When you make a purchase on SupplyHouse.com, you are asked to provide the information necessary to fulfill and track your order including your name, address, phone number, and email address. For purposes of billing, you need to provide your credit card number, type, expiration date, and security code to avoid fraudulent use. To ship your order, we also need the name, address and phone number of the intended recipient(s). You can shop with confidence that billing and personal information is only transmitted through secure servers and will never be shared with any other party.
Customer Accounts
You may create an account through SupplyHouse.com at any time by providing your email address and creating a unique access password, which will allow some of your information to be safely stored for future orders. Creating an account allows you to save time at checkout, set your ordering preferences, easily refer back to past orders, adjust your personal information and change your email subscription settings. You are not required to create an account to visit or order from SupplyHouse.com. If you wish to unsubscribe from future communications you can click on the 'Unsubscribe' link within any e-newsletter.
How will my information be used?
We do not sell or give your information to other companies to use in their marketing strategies, but it may be used in the following ways:
Schedule deliveries of merchandise that you purchase online
Create an online account for you at SupplyHouse.com
Bill your credit card for your purchases
Confirm and track your orders
Respond to your customer service inquiries
Email newsletters and specials that you have requested
To aid our data partner and advertising platforms in increasing the relevancy of our ads to you
Our website may also use a website recording service which may record mouse clicks, mouse movements, page scrolling and any text keyed into website forms. Data collected by this service is used to improve our website usability. The information collected is stored and is used for and statistical reporting and is not shared with anybody else.
How do you protect my personal and account information?
All of the transactions on SupplyHouse.com are subject to VeriSign's security system, which makes use of 128 bit encryption via digital IDs. These IDs allow us to handle customer's credit card and personal information without the threat of identity theft or hacking. When you do business with us you can be certain you are dealing with a VeriSign, Inc. certified company. SupplyHouse.com is also tested and certified daily to pass the "McAfee Secure" Security Scan.
Third Party Cookies & Advertising
×
items only
* Free slots for orders with water heaters, boilers and other bulky items only
* Available in select areas of
We're dedicated to our customers!
We'll go above and beyond to help you with your projects
SPECIAL OFFERS
Keep in touch with us! Join our mailing list to receive exclusive offers and coupons.
© 2018 SupplyHouse.com
