xClose
We are sorry, but your selected browser is not supported by our Help Desk. To learn more about which browser types (and versions) are compatible, please visit our article on supported browsers
Choose an article:
Choose an article:
 
Marketing Purposes
Protection and retention of your personal information
Other Information
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
information from your interaction with our Website and Services, including, but not limited to, device ID, device type, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from www.kijiji.ca, referring URL, ad data, IP address and standard web log information; and
 
 
information that you provide to us when you register for an account or for the Services that you use; 
additional information that you may provide to us through social media sites or third party Services; 
information provided in the context of dispute resolution, correspondence through our Website or correspondence that is sent to us; 
information about your location and the location of your device, including your device’s unique identifier information if you have enabled this service on your mobile device, and 
 
 
 
 
to provide you access to our Services and Customer Support by means of e-mail or telephone; 
to prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, fraud and security breaches and to enforce our Terms of Use; 
to personalize, measure and improve our Services, content and ads; 
to contact you, by e-mail, push notification, text message (SMS) or by telephone, to inquire about our Services and the services of companies that are part of the eBay Inc. ‘corporate family’ (hereinafter referred to as the ‘eBay Group’) for the purpose of targeted marketing activities, updates, and promotional offers based on your message preferences (where applicable), or for any other purposes as set forth in this Privacy Policy; 
 
 
 
 
companies of the eBay Group to provide joint content and services (such as registration and customer support), to prevent, detect and investigate possible illegal activities, violations of our policy, fraud and/or data security breaches, and to support decision making on products, websites, applications, services, tools and communication. The eBay Group companies will only use this information to send you marketing messages when you yourself have requested their services, and they will use your personal information in accordance with their respective privacy policy. 
service providers with whom we have entered into an agreement to help us provide our Services on the website, such as financial service providers, marketing agencies and technical support. In such cases, the personal information shall remain under the control of Kijiji Canada Ltd. 
certain third parties (such as intellectual property rights holders, supervisory authorities, tax authorities, police and other regulatory authorities) if we are required to do so by law, or in accordance with our Privacy Policy. We may share your personal information: 
 
 
 
other third parties to whom you have given consent to share your information via Kijiji, e.g. in the framework of a cooperation; 
companies that we intend to merge with in the context of a re-organisation or that acquire us; 
an intellectual property owner if the owner of an intellectual property right or an intermediary in good faith believes that an advertisement violates the rights of the owner. Before personal information is provided, the IP owner will enter into an agreement that, inter alia, stipulates that information is only provided on the strict condition that it may only be used in the context of legal proceedings and/or obtaining legal advice and/or to answer questions from the relevant advertiser 
 
 
In case you visit our Website from a shared computer or a computer in an internet café, we strongly recommend that you log off after each session. If you do not want the shared computer to remember you and/or your credentials, you will need to remove cookies and/or the history of your website visits. 
 
 
 
 
When you no longer wish to receive marketing communications from us, you can, where applicable, change your preferences in your My Kijiji account, or follow the unsubscribe link in the marketing communication you received. 
5.  Advertising
If you do not wish to participate in our advertising personalization using your identified personal information or re-targeting/tracking programs, you can opt-out by following the directions provided within the applicable advertisement, or directly at our AdChoice program .  The effect of an opt-out will be to stop personalized advertising, but it will still allow the collection of information for certain purposes such as usage, research, analytics and internal online services operation purposes). You may still see non-personalized advertisements, including ads based on general geographic region. In addition to that, we do not allow third parties to track or collect your personal information on our sites for their own advertising purposes without your explicit consent.  
6.  Cookies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contact: If you have any questions about Kijiji and our Website please contact us by clicking here . For more information about eBay Inc. and how eBay handles personal information and privacy, you can contact the eBay Privacy Center .
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at  https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
Related Articles
