Privacy Policy
Your privacy on the Internet is extremely important to us at Urbanspace Property Group and this is why we believe in an active approach to safeguarding your privacy online. You can be assured your confidentiality, security, and individual right to privacy is respected and upheld at all times. This Privacy Policy has been prepared to inform you of our policy and practices concerning the collection, use and disclosure of personal information.
Urbanspace Property Group uses information and communication technologies to support our activities. Our Privacy Statement covers Urbanspace Property Group and our website.
By providing us with personal information you accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to allow us to collect, use, disclose and dispose of your personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with any Personal Information.
Anonymous Access
You can access our website home page and browse our site without disclosing your personal data. As a general policy, NO personal information is collected from our visitors. The only personal information captured through our Web site is that which you volunteer such as your email address, mailing address, or other details requested by online forms that will enable us to send you information, or process your request. Safeguards are in place to ensure that the information is not disclosed or shared for any other purposes.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a web site to the hard drive of your computer so that the web site may identify separate visitors to the site and track users’ activities on the web site. A cookie will not let a web site know any personally identifiable information about you, such as your name and address.
Urbanspace Property Group uses cookies only to keep track of how many people visit the web site and how frequently each page is visited. Each individual movement of any user cannot be tracked while on the site. Urbanspace Property Group uses cookies to track page popularity only to be able to improve the quality of the site and meet your needs.
We collect information about you only if you volunteer it.
Links on our Website
Because Urbanspace Property Group wants your website experience to be informational and resourceful, our website also provides links to third party sites.
Urbanspace Property Group assumes no responsibility for the information practices of sites you are able to access through our site. We encourage visitors to review each site’s privacy policy before disclosing any personally identifiable information.
Your Choice
We collect personal data you volunteer online, or when you make use of our online forms, in order to better meet your service and information needs.
We also use and disclose data, which does not identify individuals, for statistical purposes to develop and enhance Urbanspace Property Group activities and services.
We may also collect personal information in order to satisfy legal, government and regulatory obligations.
Information Sharing
Any personal information you choose to share with us will not be disclosed to anyone outside of Urbanspace Property Group. We will never exchange or sell your personal information to any other company or third parties.
Confidentiality / Security
Urbanspace Property Group maintains physical, electronic and administrative safeguards that are appropriate to the type of personal information we obtain from you.
Urbanspace Property Group staff are required to respect the confidentiality of personal information and handle it responsibly.
Privacy Questions
Urbanspace Property Group welcomes your comments regarding our Privacy Policy. If you believe that Urbanspace Property Group has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail or postal mail and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem. You may review and update or correct the personal information that you provide to us through this site, request it be deleted, or change or withdraw your consent to its use and disclosure, by contacting us as described below:
Mel Patenaude, Communications Coordinator
401 Richmond Street West, Studio 111, Toronto , ON M5V 3A8
T: 416.595.5900
Ongoing Relevancy
Urbanspace Property Group regularly reviews its policies and procedures to ensure we remain current with changing laws and evolving public expectations.
Location
Saturday
Sunday
Closed
Contact
Saturday
Sunday
Closed
Contact
