× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Hsbc.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Hsbc.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.hsbc.com/en-GB/utilities/terms-and-c... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
We know that you are concerned with how your personal information is dealt with. This privacy statement sets out our current policies and demonstrates our commitment to your privacy. We may change the content or services found on this Site at any time without notice, and consequently our privacy policy may change at any time in the future. You agree to revisit this page regularly and your continued access to or use of the Site will mean that you agree to the changes.
Please also note that the HSBC Group provides financial products and services through its affiliated companies and branches located across the world. Privacy and personal data protection principles vary from one country to another. When you access or link to a Local Site, please read the privacy statement issued by the Local Site to determine the policies that apply to information or data maintained by the Local Site.
Personal information
If you register your personal details for the email alerts service, we will ask you to provide us with certain up to date data about yourself, which we will handle in accordance with the United Kingdom's Data Protection legislation but please note that it may be hosted or transferred outside of this jurisdiction. We will not share your personal information with entities outside of the HSBC Group. We maintain strict security standards and procedures with a view to preventing unauthorised access to your data by anyone, including our staff. We use leading technologies such as (but not limited to) data encryption, firewalls and server authentication to protect the security of your data. All Group companies, all our staff and whenever we hire third parties to provide support services, we will require them to observe our privacy standards and to allow us to audit them for compliance.
Cookies
You should read our  Cookie Policy to find out more about how HSBC and our trusted partners use cookies, which is relevant to your experience on this website.
Web beacons and spotlight tags
This website may contain electronic images, known as web beacons or spotlight tags. These enable us to count users who have visited certain pages on the website. Web beacons and spotlight tags are simply tools used to obtain generic information about the web pages visited. They are not used to obtain information about specific users.
This is version 5 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
