 
You received an order number when you placed your order. Check your account or confirmation email to find it
Sat-Sun, 9am-2pm
Webstore Refund & Exchange Policy
If you are dissatisfied with an item purchased from our website you may return it to any Sportsmans Warehouse store (or the Webstore within 48 hours) for a refund, replacement or exchange provided that the conditions of our Refund & Exchange policy have been satisfied.
We will exchange or refund a product provided that:
there is valid proof of purchase, i.e. till slip;
it is within 6 months of the original purchase date;
it is in its original packaging or condition, i.e the security seal or shrink wrap is intact (if applicable), product is unworn and unused and the online store's price ticket is attached.
For hygiene reasons, underwear including swimwear (excluding bras) may not be returned or exchanged.
Refunds and/or exchanges will be accepted at any Sportsmans Warehouse store countrywide, provided that the above requirements are satisfied.
All refunds are processed strictly in accordance with the original sales tender type and only after confirmation that the funds were received in our bank account.
If you wish to exchange/return something that you purchased online at www.sportsmanswarehouse.co.za and have met the above conditions for refund or exchange, you can do so in one of two ways:
Return the selected item to your nearest Sportsmans Warehouse store together with your invoice; OR
Send the selected item back to our Webstore, together with your invoice, and your credit card will be refunded with the appropriate amount. Please note that the cost of couriering the product back to our Webstore shall be incurred by the purchaser. The address details are as follows:
Attention: The Webstore
34 Klipfontein Road
7700
If you wish to return something that you purchased online at www.sportsmanswarehouse.co.za because the item you received is either damaged or not what you ordered, you can do so in one of two ways:
Return the item to your nearest Sportsmans Warehouse store, together with your invoice and we will refund or exchange your purchase; OR
 
Tell us about your experience in our stores or on the website:
talk to any of our Store Managers about our service and our products; or
contact our Customer Care Line on 0800 007 030; or
e-mail us at onlinesales@sportsmanswarehouse.co.za
In-store Purchases: Refund & Exchange Policy
If you are dissatisfied with an item purchased from our store you may return it to any Sportsmans Warehouse store for a refund, replacement or exchange provided that the conditions of our Refund & Exchange policy have been satisfied.
The original till slip is required.
All refunds are processed strictly in accordance with the original sales tender type.
Refunds will not be given on Gift Cards. In addition, a refund on product bought on a gift card will be in the form of a new gift card.
Returned products must be in the original condition and in undamaged packaging.
For hygiene reasons, underwear including swimwear (excluding bras) may not be returned or exchanged.
We will only consider exchanging or refunding a faulty product if it was used for its intended purpose and in accordance with the product’s instructions and / or user manual.
No refunds or exchanges will be made for a product that has been misused or purposely damaged.
A faulty product will, where relevant, be subject to a technical assessment by a specialist before being repaired, replaced or refunded.
Repairs may involve a courier cost that is for the customer’s account and will be quoted upfront.
When returing a product for repair, please ensure that it is in hygienic condition.
Tell us about your experience in our stores or on the website:
talk to any of our Store Managers about our service and our products; or
contact our Customer Care Line on 0800 007 030; or
e-mail us at onlinesales@sportsmanswarehouse.co.za
Please find our delivery rates below.
Delivery charges are calculated per order for all standard sized items. All bicycles, large and extra-large products are charged on a per-item basis.   We deliver within South African borders only.
Order Value
Normal size
*Rates for deliveries in outlying areas.
Please Note: These charges are not applicable to products delivered by our Moresport Service Centre. These products include treadmills and gym equipment and will be delivered and installed free of charge to customers in select areas.
Additional Note: Express Delivery (1 to 2 working days) is subject to stock availability, limited to main centres and only applies to items accordingly identified. In the case of a mixed basket, our standard delivery time of 3-5 working days will apply.
Need Help? Give us a call:
Toll Free: 0800 003 051 Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm
Contact
 
Southern Africa's Biggest Sports Equipment and Sportswear Warehouse! Sportsmans Warehouse stocks the widest range of sporting equipment, clothing and footwear in South Africa, sourced from major international and local brands. We have a huge selection of sports and outdoor gear at competitive prices. Browse our online store and if you can't find what you are looking for please don't hesitate to give us a call or visit one of our 35 stores countrywide.
Note that prices quoted on this website are only applicable to our South African Branches & we can only deliver within the borders of South Africa.PLEASE NOTE: Errors and omissions excepted (E&ampOE).
Newsletter Signup
Be the first to know about in-house promotions and upcoming events.
Subscribe to the Sportsmans Warehouse Newsletter to receive information on the latest promotions and specials.
SIGN UP
Sign in or register to add products to your wishlist.
