Eu Users
The user agrees that by entering this website either directly or from any third party website, the user shall be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of Kasturi & Sons Limited (KSL).
KSL hosts several online publications including "The Hindu", "Business Line", "Sportstar", "Frontline", etc., which can be accessed through The Hindu Group's main website or any such site being developed by KSL or its allied companies. This privacy policy is applicable to all of KSL's current and future "Online Publications".
User agrees that usage/browsing of the "Online Publications" may lead to the user's device information, visits to and use of this website/apps, available accounts on the device (including [IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation, pixel tag, etc [hereinafter to be referred to as "information"] being accessible to KSL and/or third party. These information shall be used by KSL for such other activities of KSL like Remarketing, Acquisition, Emergency and other appropriate usages, if any.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user's computer's hard drive. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the "Online Publications" on the user's computer's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the "Online Publications".
Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic. KSL uses this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies are made to provide the user with a better website, by enabling KSL to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not.
KSL website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [viz. Facebook, Google Plus, Pinterest etc]. However, once the user shares/ uses these links KSL does not have any control over other websites. Therefore KSL shall not be liable and/or responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites. Such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website in question.
KSL may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question. User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user's own discretion. Social media and other platforms may track and save user's request to share a web page respectively through user's social media platform and other accounts.
User is invited to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning KSL and the website's contents, provided user understands that such comments will be subject to moderation. KSL reserves the right to reject, remove or edit such content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others or against public policy.
User might be required to submit contact information like name, email address, mobile number, etc., which might be used by KSL to send out promotional materials, offers and other information to the user which KSL deems as necessary and beneficial to the user. KSL might promote third party information including products and services of such third party which KSL deems as beneficial to users but, in no circumstance, shall the user’s information be available to such third parties. Users revealing personal information on such third party websites is not under our direct control and hence KSL shall not be liable for any loss of privacy resulting from revealing personal information in such websites. KSL shall not be liable to the type of information thus being broadcasted to the user from the third party.
In the event of any grievances user can contact the grievance officer at web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in or write to us at the following address
Kasturi and Sons Limited
Chennai-600002
India
KSL may change the above mentioned contact information without prior notice to any user (subscribed/unsubscribed/browsing/trial).
KSL may change this policy from time to time by updating this page without intimation and shall be applicable to you. User should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the applicable privacy policy
The Courts in Chennai in India shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to the exclusion of other courts and applicable law shall be Indian Law.
Effective date: May 25, 2018 – Applicable only for European Union (EU) Users.
THG Publishing Private Limited (“THG PPL” ,"us", "we", or "our") operates the www.thehindu.com website and The Hindu mobile application (the "Service").
This page informs you of our policies regarding the usage, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
The user agrees that by entering this website/app either directly or from any third party website/app, the user shall be automatically be governed by this privacy policy of THG Publishing Private Limited (THG PPL) and irrevocably bound by these terms and conditions of usage.
THG PPL hosts several online publications including "The Hindu", "The Hindu BusinessLine", "Sportstarlive", "Frontline","Tamil The Hindu” etc., which can be accessed through The Hindu Group's main website or any such site being developed by THG PPL or its allied companies. This privacy policy is applicable to all of THG PPL’s current and future "Online Publications".
User agrees that usage/browsing of the "Online Publications" may lead to the user's device information, visits to and use of this website/apps, available accounts on the device (including [Primary email address, IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation, pixel tag, etc [herein after to be referred to as "information"] being accessible to THG PPL and/or third party. These information shall be used by THG PPL for such other activities of THG PPL like Remarketing, Acquisition, Emergency and other appropriate usages, if any. Users revealing personal information on third party websites/apps is not under our direct control and hence THG PPL shall not be liable for any loss of privacy or otherwise resulting from revealing personal information in such websites. THG PPL shall not be liable to the type of information thus being broadcasted to the user from the third party.
THG PPL website may contain links to enable the user to visit other websites of interest like the social plug-ins [viz. Facebook, Google Plus, Pinterest etc]. However, once the user shares/ uses these links THG PPL does not have any control over other websites/apps. Therefore, THG PPL shall not be liable and/or responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which the user provides whilst visiting such sites. Such websites/apps are not governed by this privacy policy. The user should exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website/apps in question.
THG PPL may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the platform in question. User is advised before using such social sharing buttons that user does so at user's own discretion. Social media and other platforms may track and save user's request to share a web page respectively through user's social media platform and other accounts.
THG PPL may use social login buttons which help to login directly into any platform in question. User is advised before using such social login buttons that user does so at user's own discretion. Social media and other platforms may track and save user's request to log into a web page respectively through user's social media platform and other accounts.
User is invited to submit user comments, questions, ideas, reviews or any other information concerning THG PPL and the website's contents, provided user understands that such comments will be subject to moderation. THG PPL reserves the right to reject, remove or edit such content. All such submissions should not be illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory or infringing on privacy or on intellectual property rights of others or against public policy.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the use and sharing of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.
1. Definitions
a. Service
b. Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
c. Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
d. Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on the user's computer's hard drive. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving cookies from the "Online Publications" on the user's computer's hard drive the user should take necessary steps within the user's web browsers security settings to block all cookies from the "Online Publications".
Traffic log cookies may be used to identify which pages are being seen/ used to analyse data about web page traffic. THG PPL uses this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies are made to provide the user with a better website/app experience, by enabling THG PPL to monitor which pages the user finds useful and which the user does not.
e. Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
f. Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
g. Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
h. Third Party
Third-parties are companies/firms/person (s) who/which processes the user data using websites, plug-ins, scripts, cookies or applications. Accessing THG PPL websites or clicking on any third party links may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. THG PPL do not control these third-party websites/apps and are not responsible for their privacy notices. When you leave our website/app, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website/app you visit.
2. Information Collection and Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. These are the types of Data Collected
a. Usage Data
Third Party may track information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device ("Usage Data").
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
b. Location Data
Third Party may use and store information about your location if you give the permission to do so (“Location Data”). This data may be used to provide features related to Services, to improve and customize current Services.
You can enable or disable location services when you use the Service at any time, through your device settings.
c. Tracking & Cookies Data
Third party may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies employed:
Session Cookies. Session Cookies are used to operate the Service.
Preference Cookies. Preference Cookies are used to remember your preferences and various settings.
Security Cookies. Security Cookies are used for security purposes.
3. Cookies Policy
Third parties uses use cookies on THG PPL’s websites and mobile applications (the "Service"). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies.
Our Cookies Policy explains what cookies are, how these cookies are used, how third-parties we may partner with may use cookies on the Service, your choices regarding cookies and further information about cookies.
a. What are cookies
Cookies are small pieces of text sent to your web browser by a website/app you visit. A cookie file is stored in your web browser and allows the Service or a third-party to recognize you and make your next visit easier and the Service more useful to you.
Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your personal computer or mobile device when you go offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser.
b. How THG PPL uses cookies
We may use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, and through the Service, and so on.
When you use and access the Service, Third Parties may place a number of cookies files in your web browser.
Third party cookies are used for the following purposes:
- To enable certain functions of the Service
- To provide analytics
What are your choices regarding cookies
If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser.
Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly.
Third parties use both session and persistent cookies on the Service and these different types of cookies are used to run the Service:
Essential cookies . These cookies are used to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as a user's language preference on the Service.
Accounts-related cookies . Accounts-related cookies are used to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. These cookies are used to remember information that changes the way the Service behaves or looks, such as the "remember me" functionality.
Analytics cookies . Analytics cookies are used to track information how the Service is used so that improvements can be made wherever possible. Analytics cookies can also be used to test new pages, features or new functionality of the Service to see how the users react to them.
We may use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service.
What are your choices regarding cookies
For the Chrome web browser , please visit this page from Google: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/32050
For the Internet Explorer web browser , please visit this page from Microsoft: http://support.microsoft.com/kb/278835
For the Firefox web browser , please visit this page from Mozilla: https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
For the Safari web browser , please visit this page from Apple: https://support.apple.com/kb/PH21411?locale=en_US
For any other web browser , please visit your web browser's official web pages.
c. Where can you find more information about cookies
You can learn more about cookies and the following third-party websites:
- To provide and maintain our Service
- To notify you about changes to our Service
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
- To provide customer support
- To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
- To monitor the usage of our Service
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues
- To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired or read
- To market our products
5. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), THG PPL legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
THG PPL may process your Personal Data because:
- We need to perform a contract with you
- You have read this privacy policy and given us permission to do so
- The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
- For payment processing purposes
6. Retention of Data
THG Publishing Private Limited will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
THG Publishing Private Limited will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
7. Transfer of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside India and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to India and process it there.
Your consent by reading this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
THG Publishing Private Limited will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
8. Disclosure of Data
Legal Requirements
THG PPL may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
- To comply with a legal obligation
- To initiate proceedings and make claim for breach/misuse/unlawful usage
- To protect and defend the rights or property of THG PPL
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
- To protect against legal liability
9. Security of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
10.Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
a. Analytics
We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website/app traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Firebase
You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
We also encourage you to review the Google's policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245. For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Piwik or Matomo
Piwik or Matomo is a web analytics service. You can visit their Privacy Policy page here: https://matomo.org/privacy-policy
Flurry Analytics
Flurry Analytics service is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry Analytics service to prevent Flurry Analytics from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry's Opt-out page: https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy page: https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
b. Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service.
Google AdSense & DoubleClick Cookie
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.
You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
AdMob by Google
AdMob by Google is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out from AdMob by Google service by following the instructions described by Google: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
For more information on how Google uses the collected information, please visit the "How Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or app" page: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ or visit the Privacy Policy of Google: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Flurry
Flurry is provided by Yahoo! Inc.
You can opt-out from Flurry service and prevent it from using and sharing your information by visiting the Flurry Opt-out page: https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do
For more information on the privacy practices policies of Yahoo!, please visit their Privacy Policy: https://policies.oath.com/us/en/oath/privacy/index.html
InMobi
InMobi is provided by InMobi Pte Ltd.
You can opt-out from InMobi service by following the instructions as described on the InMobi Opt-out page: http://www.inmobi.com/page/opt-out/
For more information on the privacy practices and policies of InMobi, please visit the InMobi Privacy Policy: http://www.inmobi.com/privacy-policy/
11.Payments
We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS) as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
The payment processors we work with are:
a. Apple Store In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/"
b. Google Play In-App Payments
Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
12.Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site at your risk and responsibility. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
13.Children's Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
14.Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
15.Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:
In the event of any grievances user can contact the grievance officer at web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in or write to us at the following address:
THG Publishing Private Limited
Chennai-600002
India
THG PPL may change the above mentioned contact information without prior notice to any user (subscribed/unsubscribed/browsing/trial).
THG PPL may change this policy from time to time by updating this page without intimation and shall be applicable to you and irrevocably bound by it. User should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the applicable privacy policy.
The Courts in Chennai in India shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to the exclusion of other courts and applicable law shall be Indian Law for usage of websites / apps including adherence/compliance/ performance of the terms and conditions, thereto.
Sign up to receive our newsletter in your inbox every day!
GO
Trending on The Hindu
Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.in Copyright© 2018, The Hindu
Click on ‘Yes, Keep Me Updated’ to get the latest news alerts from The Hindu
Our existing notification subscribers need to choose this option to keep getting the alerts.
Not now
