Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how the Brownson Technical School uses and protects any information that you give Brownson Technical School when you use this website.
Brownson Technical School is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Brownson Technical School may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from January 1, 2006.
What we collect
We may collect the following information in order to provide information or services to you when using our website information request forms, subscriptions to newsletters, or contacting our customer service representatives by phone. We only collect personally identifiable information that you submit voluntarily:
name and job title
demographic information such as postcode, mailing addresses, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
Brownson Technical School collects personal information only with the express consent of the user when they request information from our organization. This information is only used when communicating with users as per their indicated preferences and as needed for service-related communications. We may use the information you provide for:
Internal record keeping.
to improve our products and services.
to send promotional communication about special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail.
We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
Opting Out
Brownson Technical School provides users with the ability to opt out from communications from any of our newsletters. An opt out option will either appear at the bottom of a newsletter received by email, or users can reply directly to the emailed newsletter and request removal from that correspondence.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
I Want Answers!
When does it start?
First Name
Phone
Address
State
Zipcode
What is your zipcode?
By submitting this form, you are giving your express written consent for Brownson Technical School to contact you regarding our programs and services using email, telephone or text - including our use of automated technology for calls and periodic texts to any wireless number you provide. Message and data rates may apply. This consent is not required to purchase goods/services and you may always call us directly at 714-774-9443.
I understand & agree
What our graduates say
Brownson Technical helped me reach my goals in life and build a better future for me and my family.
- Guillermo Cruz
Facebook Reviews
Daniel Earl Webb
March 1, 2016
Number 1 HVAC & Refrigeration school in California. The instructors are there to really help you understand anything you are more
Art Gonzalez
March 1, 2016
I’m very happy and proud to have Graduated from B.T.S . Unbelievable staff helpful in all areas… Highly recommend to more
Falemanu B Vaioletama Jr.
May 4, 2016
Staff was on point. Learned to be a problem solver and not a part changer.Hands on and open your brain more
Accreditations
ESCO Group – HVAC Excellence Accredited
For more information about our graduation rates, median debt of students who completed the program, and other important information, please visit this link.
Why Accreditation Is Important
When you attend an accredited institution, you are attending a school that has undergone a rigorous process that evaluates educational quality. It’s not easy to become or remain an accredited institution. The rules and regulations are strict, precise and designed to protect students. Here are some of the benefits:
A reliable indicator of quality
Approved program of study
Brownson Technical School
1110 TECHNOLOGY CIRCLE
Get Info Now!
Get Info Now!
