***************************************************
FREE standard shipping with any $75 purchase. Details
Toggle Menu
 
 
Information We Collect
The information that you share with Stage allows us to provide you with a positive shopping experience by making it easier for you to find the products you need and want. We collect information from you when you provide it to us, when you interact with us online, visit our retail locations, download our mobile app, opt-in to receive marketing communications from us, participate in a survey, sweepstakes or one of our customer loyalty or discount programs, or apply for or use a Stage credit card.
We collect this information in a variety of ways, including from web forms and technologies like cookies.
We may combine the information we collect from you with information obtained offline and from other sources to help us improve its overall accuracy better tailor our interactions with you.
How We Use Your Information
We use your information to provide you Stage products and services, or respond to your inquiries.
We may disclose your information to third parties under the following circumstances:
with service providers or suppliers that help with our business operations or joint products;
with your consent; and
when necessary to protect the safety, property, or other rights of Stage, our customers, or when otherwise required by law.
You may choose to stop receiving certain promotional communications by following instructions in those communications or by adjusting communication preferences by logging into your account and editing your marketing preferences.
We use interest-based advertising based on your browsing history. Review our full policy to learn about these ads and how to opt-out.
How To Contact Us
Questions about this Privacy Statement or about Stage’s handling of your information may be sent to:
Houston, Texas 77027
This Privacy Policy applies to information we receive through Specialty Retailers, Inc.’s: retail store locations (“Stores”), including Bealls, Goody’s, Palais Royal, Peebles and Stage (the five nameplates are collectively referred to as “Stage”); websites beallstx.com , goodysonline.com , palaisroyal.com , peebles.com , stage.com , blog.stage.com , stagestores.com , and stagestoresinc.com (collectively referred to as “Sites”); social media pages, including Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and LinkedIn (collectively referred to as “Social Media”); promotional messages delivered via text and voice (“Alerts”); Apple and Google mobile apps (“Mobile Apps”); and e-mail. The services that we provide in Stores and through our Sites, Mobile Apps, Social Media and Alerts are collectively referred to as “Services.”
 
Create an account on our Sites;
Make an online or in-store purchase, return or exchange;
Purchase an electronic gift card;
Use our online order tracking;
Sign up to receive promotional emails;
Sign up to receive Text and Voice Promotional Alerts;
Sign up to join a loyalty, rewards or similar program or club;
Provide your contact information and product preferences in consulting with our beauty associates;
Participate in our surveys or focus groups;
Register to win prizes in our sweepstakes or contests;
Provide online product reviews;
Apply for, and/or maintain, a Stage’s Credit Card;
Use and navigate Sites, including features to find store locations;
Interact with us on Social Media; and
Connect to the Wi-Fi provided in select store locations.
 
 
 
 
Process returns, exchanges and discounts;
Register and service your online account;
Ship merchandise that you purchase online;
Confirm and track your orders;
Operate customer loyalty programs;
Source and offer the products you want;
Prevent fraud and bill your credit card for your purchases;
Customize your shopping experience;
Provide promotional emails communications to you, if you choose to receive them;
Provide promotional voice and/or text Alerts to you, if you choose to receive them;
Tell you about special events, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys, if you have opted into receiving communications from us;
Improve our website design;
Comply with valid legal procedures, requirements, regulations or statutes.
We may share information with third party service providers that perform services for us, such as:
Processing and delivering the orders that you place with us;
Communicate with you about the status of your order;
Register and service your account;
Administer customer loyalty programs, contests, sweepstakes, promotions, and surveys;
Send you information about our products, services, and promotions;
Respond to reviews, comments, or other feedback you provide us;
Help us personalize our service offerings, websites, mobile services, and advertising;
Help us improve your experience in our stores and through our websites and mobile services; and
Protect the security and integrity of our websites, mobile services, and our business.
 
 
 
 
 
Legal and Safety Obligations: We may share your information: (i) in response to a subpoena or other legal process or if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required or permitted by law; (ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; (iii) to protect or defend Stage or enforce other policies applicable to the Service, such as our User Agreement; (iv) to prevent or prosecute fraud or other crimes that occur in our stores or the Sites; or (v) to protect the personal safety or rights of an individual. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we may also use video captured in-store, IP addresses, mobile device identifiers or any other information we collect to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, voice and/or text Alerts;
Update and correct your personal information; and
Cancel your account.
You may request that we do these things or contact us with questions by:
Accessing your online account and updating your information;
Following instructions in the e-mail, direct mail, or voice or text communication you received from us;
Contacting one of our customer representatives at 1-800-743-8730 to provide your request and current contact information;
Sending a letter with your request and current contact information to: Stage, Attn: Privacy Office c/o Legal Department, 2425 West Loop S, Houston, Texas 77027
Sending us an e-mail at customercomments@stage.com
Even if you have opted out of receiving marketing communications, we may still contact you with questions or information regarding your order (such as regarding order status, shipment, or refunds) or to respond to your customer service requests.
 
You may control the automatic collection of information by:
Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. However, if you disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of certain features of our site such as storing your shopping bag for a future visit and providing a more personalized experience. You may also change the settings of your browser to reject cookies. Each browser is different, so check your browser’s "Help" menu to learn how to update your cookie preferences.
Blocking LSOs. If you do not want LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block LSO storage using the tools contained in the website storage settings panel. For help with managing LSOs please see Adobe’s help page . Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with the Services or our online content.
Managing Interest-Based Advertising Preferences. We personalize your experience on our sites and mobile services by showing you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. To help us do this, we belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites and mobile services to show you interest-based advertisements. For example, if you browse or shop for electronics with us or on other sites, we may show you ads for electronics as you continue to browse the Internet. Information collected by our ad networks or other third-party service providers across multiple websites that you visit may enable the ad network to predict your preferences and show you ads that are most likely to be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive online behavioral advertising from us on other websites, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out page . You may also visit the Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choices Page to learn about online behavioral advertising and how to opt-out from online behavioral ads served by some or all participating companies. These opt-out mechanisms rely on cookies to remember your choices with respect to ad-serving on websites. If you delete your cookies, use another computer or device, or change browsers, you will need to repeat this process. We are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
We may serve ads on or through third party services, such as Google and Facebook, that are targeted to reach people (or similar people) that have visited our Service or that are also identified in one of more of our databases (“Matched Ads”). This is done by us uploading certain of our data to the third party service, such as through Google Customer Match, and the third party service matching common factors against our data. To opt-out of such advertising, please contact the applicable third party service. We are not responsible for such third party service’s failure to comply with your opt-out instructions.
 
Other Important Information
 
 
 
Your California Privacy Rights. Once a year California customers may request a list of the categories of personal information shared with third parties for marketing purposes and a list of companies that we shared information with. To make this request, send an email or letter to us, note that it is a "California Privacy Rights Request," and provide your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code.
 
 
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy. Stage may revise this Privacy Policy in the future. Changes will be effective immediately upon posting the revised policy, unless otherwise indicted in the updated policy. We will not use your information in a manner materially different than what was stated in the policy in effect at the time the information was collected unless we receive your consent. However, your continued use of the Services after posting the new policy may constitute consent.
Contacting Us. If you have questions, suggestions, or complaints about this Privacy Policy or Stage’s privacy practices, send an email to customercomments@stage.com . You can also contact us by mail at the following postal address:
Stage
2425 West Loop S, 11th Floor Houston, Texas 77027
 
 
ARBITRATION.
 
The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA's supplementary procedures for consumer-related disputes. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. You agree to commence arbitration only in your county of residence or in Harris County, Texas. You may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submission, or in person by following the AAA rules. In a dispute involving $10,000 or less, any hearing will be telephonic unless the arbitrator finds good cause to hold an in-person hearing instead. The arbitrator may award the same damages to you individually as a court could.
We will pay all administrative, hearing, and arbitrator’s fees and costs for the arbitration that are in excess of any filing fee that you would have been required to pay to file your Claims as a lawsuit in a state or federal court (whichever is greater). Unless the arbitrator awards otherwise, you will be responsible for paying the fees for your lawyers, witnesses (including experts), and all other expenses you incur. An arbitration award and any judgment confirming it apply only to that specific case. The arbitration award may be entered as a judgment only to enforce the award itself and cannot be used as evidence in any other case. To reduce the time and expense of the arbitration, the arbitrator will not provide a statement of reasons for his or her award unless requested to do so by all parties.
 
 
Stay Connected
Choose a store:
Enter your zip code
18 stores near 2873
No stores were found based on your search criteria. Please adjust your search and try again.
close
close
Enter your zip code
There are not any stores within 100 miles of this location. Please try a different location or call Guest Services at 800-743-8730 for assistance.
close
style + savings delivered daily!
extra 25% off your next online purchase when you sign up for emails!
Please enter a valid email address
