CheckPeople ("CheckPeople" or "Company") is committed to respecting the privacy rights of users of the CheckPeople.com website, the CheckPeople.com service, and any software applications made available by CheckPeople, such as any mobile device application CheckPeople makes available (together, the "Service"). CheckPeople has published this "Privacy Policy" to show its commitment to fair information practices and to the protection of privacy.
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Service, and not to any websites or services of third parties ("Third Party Websites"), which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is only applicable to personal information provided by you to CheckPeople, or collected by CheckPeople as part of your use of the Service, and not to any information that may be available in a public background record or report accessible by you or others through the Service.
By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you have also read and understood, and agree to be bound by, both this Privacy and CheckPeople's separate Terms of Service document (the "Terms of Service"), which is incorporated by reference and made part of this Privacy Policy. The Terms of Service document is available here .
No Permission Without Agreement. By using the Service, you represent and warrant that you have read and understood, and agree to the terms of, this Privacy Policy. If you do not understand or do not agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, you must immediately cease using or accessing the Service.
Each time you access the Service, the then-current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Each time you use the Service, we recommend that you check the date of this Privacy Policy and review any changes since the last time you used the Service.
Although most changes are likely to be minor, CheckPeople reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, update, change, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting a new version on this page. Any such addition, update, or change will be effective immediately on posting. Unless CheckPeople obtains your express consent, any revised Privacy Policy will apply only to information collected after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy, and not to information collected under any earlier Privacy Policy
Traffic Data. Like most website and mobile application operators, CheckPeople automatically gathers information that web browsers automatically make available, including: (i) IP addresses; (ii) Internet domain names; (iii) types of devices accessing the Service; and (iv) types of Web browsers accessing the Service (collectively "Traffic Data"). Traffic Data is anonymous information that is not meant to personally identify you.
Cookie Policy. "Cookies" are text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit or certain emails that you open. Cookies store a string of information on a user's computer or mobile device, which the user's web browser provides to the Service automatically each time it interacts with the Service. The purpose of Cookies is to identify the user as a unique user of the Service. CheckPeople uses two types of Cookies: "first-party cookies" and "third-party cookies."
First Party Cookies. CheckPeople uses first-party Cookies on the Service, for example the Google Analytics Cookie, for the following purposes: (1) to gather visitor and access information relevant to customizing the Service to your interests; and (2) to store your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you use the Service.
If you do not wish to have first-party Cookies placed on your computer or mobile device, you should set your web browser to refuse Cookies before accessing the Service. However, certain features of the Service may not function properly without the aid of Cookies. If you refuse Cookies, you assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality.
Third Party Cookies and Advertising.
Advertising on Third Party Websites. CheckPeople may advertise on other Third Party Websites to you after you access the Service. We and third-party marketing partners, including without limitation Google, Inc. ("Google"), may use first party Cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie), third party Cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie), and web beacons (such as the Facebook conversion tracking pixel, see https://www.facebook.com/business/a/online-sales/conversion-tracking ), including across multiple devices, to inform, optimize, and serve advertisements to you based on your use of the Service. This practice is commonly known as retargeting or remarketing (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavioral_retargeting) .
Google Analytics. Google Analytics is Google's analytics tool that helps website and app owners to understand how their visitors engage with their properties. It may use a set of cookies to collect information and report website usage statistics without personally identifying individual visitors to Google. The main cookie used by Google Analytics is the "__ga" cookie. CheckPeople uses Google Analytics on the CheckPeople.com website.
Data Collection by Third Parties. Any of these third parties may place Cookies on your computer or mobile device, use web beacons (see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_beacon ), and gather IP addresses and log data to collect traffic and activity data to deliver relevant metrics and content.
Opting Out of Third Party Cookies. You may customize your Google Cookies preferences or opt out of using Google Cookies on the Google Ads Settings page at http://www.google.com/settings/ads . You may learn about Facebook Cookies and how to customize your preferences at https://www.facebook.com/about/ads . You may opt out of using other third parties' Cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp . You can also learn more about how to delete or control Cookies at http://www.aboutcookies.org/ .
Personally Identifiable Information. To use certain features of the Service, you will be asked to provide CheckPeople certain personally identifiable information ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes the following categories, without limitation: (1) "Contact Data" (such as your name, phone number, fax number, mailing address and email address); (2) "Financial Data" (such as your credit/debit card number and expiration date); (3) "Demographic Data" (such as your gender and ZIP code); and (4) "Third Party Social Media Account Data" (such as your account information for third party social media accounts when you access the Service in connection to those accounts). In each case, you will be asked to provide Personal Information; the Service will not gather it secretly. CheckPeople may supplement the Personal Information you provide with additional Personal Information gathered from public sources or from third parties (e.g., consumer reporting agencies) who may lawfully provide that information to CheckPeople. You are under no obligation to provide Personal Information, with the caveat that your refusal to do so may prevent you from using certain features of the Service.
Specific Information Collected. CheckPeople collects the following specific items of Personal Information:
your first and last name
your address
your email address
your telephone number
Information You Make Public. The Service may contain features (e.g., instant messages, electronic messaging, etc.) that allow you to upload, post, transmit, display, perform, or distribute content, or other information, including your Personal Information. Any information that you choose to disclose through such features becomes public information over which CheckPeople is unable to exercise control. You should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your Personal Information through such features, and you agree to assume all responsibility for doing so.
Traffic Data and Information Gathered Using Cookies. CheckPeople analyzes Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies to help CheckPeople better understand who is using the Service and how they are using it. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, CheckPeople is able to better design the Service to improve your experience, and to serve you more relevant and interesting content. From time to time, CheckPeople may release Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Service. CheckPeople does not attempt to link information gathered using Cookies to Personal Information.
Personal Information. CheckPeople uses your Contact Data to send you information about CheckPeople and CheckPeople's products and services, and to contact you when necessary in connection with the Service. CheckPeople uses your Financial Data to verify your qualifications for certain features of the Service and, when necessary, to bill you. CheckPeople uses your Demographic Data to customize and tailor your experience on the Service. CheckPeople uses your Third Party Social Media Account Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the privacy policies of third party social media companies, such as Facebook and Twitter. As with Traffic Data and information gathered using Cookies, from time to time CheckPeople may release Demographic Data in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Service.
Disclosure in Connection with Service. CheckPeople discloses Personal Information to those who help it provide services, including without limitation those who perform technical, administrative, and data processing tasks such as hosting, billing, fulfillment, data storage, and security.
By Law or to Protect Rights. CheckPeople discloses Personal Information when required to do so by law, in response to a subpoena or court order, or when CheckPeople believes in its sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of CheckPeople, third parties, or the public.
Business Transfers; Bankruptcy. CheckPeople reserves the right to transfer all Personal Information in its possession to a successor organization in the event of a merger, acquisition, or bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of CheckPeople's assets. Other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or other court, the use and disclosure of all transferred Personal Information will be subject to this Privacy Policy, or to a new privacy policy if you are given notice of that new privacy policy and an opportunity to affirmatively opt out of it. Personal Information submitted or collected after a transfer, however, may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by CheckPeople's successor organization.
Top
CheckPeople.com exists to help you have instant access to criminal records & background checks. We believe everyone has the right to search for public records easily. CheckPeople.com is not a consumer reporting agency under the Fair Credit Reporting Act guidelines. To learn more, please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
