MyCheckFree is provided by CheckFreePay Corporation, CheckFreePay Corporation of California, and CheckFreePay Corporation of New York, each an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Fiserv, Inc.
1.  Introduction. This Privacy Policy describes the types of "Personal Information" (information that is identifiable to a particular person)        that is collected (directly or through service providers) in connection with products and services (collectively the "Services") offered through        the website at www.mycheckfree.com (the "MyCheckFree Site" or the "Site") and through MyCheckFree mobile device applications, and how that Personal Information is used, shared and protected.        Some of this information is required by U.S. federal or other law. For residents of the State of New York, CheckFreePay Corporation of New York        is the operator of the Site and the Service. For residents of the State of California, CheckFreePay Corporation of California is the operator of        the electronic bill payment service, and CheckFreePay Corporation is the operator of the Site and the other Services. For residents elsewhere,        CheckFreePay Corporation is the operator of the Site and the Services. In this Policy, "CheckFreePay" or "we" or "us" refers to the operator applicable to you.
2.  Eligibility. The Site and the Services are offered only to individual residents of the United States and for certain services, its permitted territories,         who can form legally binding contracts under applicable law. Without limiting the foregoing, the Site and Services are not offered to minors.         Other restrictions and eligibility requirements for certain Services apply as described in the Terms and Conditions or other disclosures on the Site.         We do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from or about individuals under 18 years of age. Please do not submit such information to us,         and as a parent or legal guardian, please do not allow your children to submit personal information without your permission. By using the Site and/or the Services,         you represent that you meet these requirements and that you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
3.  Scope. CheckFreePay offers other products and services, some of which are available through other organizations such as banks, credit unions, brokerage firms,Internet portals, and others.         This Privacy Policy applies only to the Site and the Services offered through it and the MyCheckFree mobile device applications. Other CheckFreePay products and services offered through other websites (including without limitation the Popmoney payment services offered at www.Popmoney.com ) or organizations         may be governed by different terms. For more details on what your rights and obligations are when using the Services offered on this Site,         please also refer to the Terms and Conditions and other notices and disclosures you may be provided regarding the Services.
4.  Cookies, Browser Information and Related Issues.
When you visit the Site, we may receive certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as the originating IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses, and other such information. This data may be used, among other uses, to improve the operation of the Site and to improve the security of the Site and Service by assisting in "authenticating" who you are when you access the Site or Service, particularly if you register for a Service and are issued or create a username and password.
We may also receive additional information about your visit to the Site, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take in connection with the Site and the Services. This data may be used, among other uses, to improve the operation of the Site and the Services.
Like most websites, the Site also uses "cookies," which are small data files placed on your computer or other device by the web server when you visit the Site. Most such cookies are "session" cookies that are only used for a specific period during which you are on the Site (such as when you are going through the authentication process or using webchat), but a few are "persistent" cookies that stay on your hard drive and are read by the web server when you return to the Site (unless you erase them). The Site uses cookies to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information and to display your personalized content on your later visits to the Site. These cookies are linked to Personal Information about you, such as your email address. Cookies cannot and will not be used to deliver or run programs on your computer. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. However, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of the Site that depend on cookies.
You may encounter our cookies or pixel tags on websites that we do not control. For example, if you view a web page created by a third party or use an application developed by a third party, there may be a cookie or pixel tag placed by the web page or application.
With respect to personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across different Web sites or online services when a consumer uses this Site, except as required by law: (1) parties other than the operator of this Site are not permitted to collect such information, and (2) the operator of this Site does not collect such information (except any such information that is reasonably necessary to process and document user transactions, such as payment history).  Therefore, this Site has no need to respond and does not respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of such information.
5.  What Types of Personal Information We May Collect. In addition to the types of information described in the "Cookies " and "Advertising "sections of this Policy,        we may also collect Personal Information about you, depending on the Services you use. This information may include:
Social security number, date of birth, name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, and other information that we can use to contact you, verify your identity, and manage risks, such as information maintained about you by identity verification services and consumer reporting agencies, including credit bureaus;
bank account information (checking, money market or other direct deposit account, credit card account, or debit card account, including any required routing information), including account numbers, account balances and transaction history) for accounts that you designate for sending or receiving payments, fees, debits and credits for the Services;
names of billers for bills that you would like to view and/or pay online, contact information for those billers, and billing account information, including billing account numbers;
name, email address and telephone number that you provide us for other persons to whom you would like to send payments;
username, password, secret questions and secret answers for resetting passwords and other authentication credentialing used to verify that only authorized users access the Services;
payment and other transaction information, and history for payments and other transactions in which you participate through the Services; and
any Personal Information that you may enter in response to surveys or into information blocks on the Site such as "personal information blocks."
6.  How We May Collect Personal Information About You. We may collect Personal Information about you from the following sources:
Enrollment applications, survey responses, and other electronic or paper forms that you fill out in connection with the Services;
Your use of the Site and the Services (such as when you send a payment), and your interactions with customer care, including information you enter or speak, and information transmitted by your computer, cell phones and other devices you use to connect to or use the Site or Services; and
We also collect Personal Information about you from others, such as individuals using the Services, credit bureaus, Affiliates, or other companies (such as identity verification services, consumer reporting agencies, and companies that provide content, such as electronic bills, to the Site, or that use the Services at their sites).
7.  How We May Share Personal Information About You. We share Personal Information about you only as permitted by law. For Personal Information that is nonpublic and that we collect in connection with a financial service, U.S. federal law permits us to share such information only for the purposes shown in the following table:
Reasons we can share your Personal Information
Does CheckFreePay share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your accounts, respond to court orders and legal investigations,and report to credit bureaus;
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you;
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
No
No
We Do Not Share
8.  How We May Use Personal Information About You. We use Personal Information about you only as permitted by law, including but not limited to the following purposes:
To complete transactions and render services authorized by you (such as sharing the information with an electric company or other biller as necessary to allow the biller to authenticate you, to pay a bill, and to send messages to you related to the authorized products and services);
Other everyday business purposes, such as to maintain your ability to access the Services, to authenticate you when you log in, to send you information about the Services, to effect, administer and enforce transactions, to perform fraud screening, to prevent actual or potential fraud and unauthorized transactions,          to verify your identity, to determine your credit history, to verify the information contained in your account, to perform collections, to report to credit bureaus (including furnishing delinquent account information), to comply with laws, regulations, court orders and lawful instructions from government agencies, to protect the personal safety of subscribers or the public,           to prevent and defend claims, to resolve disputes, to troubleshoot problems, to enforce our Terms and Conditions, to protect our rights and property, and to customize, measure, and improve the Services and the content and layout of the Site including pattern recognition, modeling, enhancement and improvement, system analysis, and Service performance analysis;
For marketing purposes - to offer products and services to you, although you may opt-out of receiving commercial email marketing messages from us by following the opt-out processes described in those messages.
9.  Other Important Information.
Vermont: Under Vermont law, we will not share information we collect about Vermont residents with companies outside of our Affiliates, unless the law allows. We will not share information about your creditworthiness with our Affiliates except with your consent, but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you with our Affiliates without your consent.
Californias: Under California law, we will not share information we collect about you with Nonaffiliates, unless the law allows. For example, we may share information with your consent, to service your accounts, or to provide rewards or benefits you are entitled to. We will limit sharing among our Affiliates to the extent required by California law.
10.  Definitions.
Affiliates: Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial or nonfinancial companies. Our Affiliates include members of the Fiserv, Inc. corporate family including CheckFree Services Corporation and Fiserv Solutions, Inc.
Non-Affiliates: Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial or nonfinancial companies.
Joint Marketing: A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
11.  Access to Information About You. You may review and update the Personal Information maintained about you in the "My Profile" and "Service Setup" sections of the Site at any time to ensure that it is accurate and up-to-date.
12.  How We Protect Personal Information About You. To protect Personal Information about you from unauthorized access and use, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards, including but not limited to security measures that comply with applicable federal and state laws. We also require our service providers and business partners to whom we disclose the information to do the same.
13.  Protection for Former Customers. When you are no longer our customer or using the Service, we continue to protect, use and share Personal Information about you as described in this notice and as required by law, including but not limited to for risk management, regulatory compliance, and audit purposes.
14.  Advertising. The Site displays advertisements, some of which are displayed by us and some of which are displayed by third party ad serving companies. When you click on an ad placed by an ad serving company, they may receive certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses.       This information does not identify you or your computer uniquely, but may be used to personalize ad content to some degree based on location and the like. Both we and the ad service companies may also place a persistent cookie on your computer in order to recognize your computer when displaying ads, in order to avoid excessively repetition of ads and to further personalize the content of ads displayed to you.       If you prefer, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies, and many of the ad serving companies offer you a way to opt-out of cookies as well.
We may further personalize the ads it displays to you based upon information we already have in your account (such as displaying an ad for services offered by your bank or an ad for a company that offers services in your state or zip code), but we do not share that information with the company placing the ad or an ad serving company. When we display personalized ads, we take a number of steps designed to protect your privacy.       For example, we store page views, clicks and search terms used for ad personalization separately from your contact information or other data that directly identifies you (such as your name, e-mail address, etc.). When you click on an ad, it may launch a web form inviting you to enter information about yourself, and the Site will automatically pre-fill that information into the web form for you,       but the information will not be sent to a third party until you send it. Ads may also contain hypertext links leading to separate Web sites operated by others. If you click through to those other Web sites, this Privacy Policy will not apply to your activities on such sites or any Personal Information that may be collected through them, so you should review the Privacy Policies on those sites before submitting Personal Information to them.
15.  Windows LiveTM IDs. If you use a Windows Live ID (formerly .NET Passport) to authenticate yourself at the MyCheckFree Web site,        review the Microsoft Online Privacy statement to learn about the privacy disclosures with respect to a Windows Live ID.
16.  Amendments. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on the Site. The revised version will be effective immediately at the time it is posted unless a delayed effective date is expressly stated therein. You may (in our discretion) also be provided with an email notification of such amendments. You may (in our discretion) be required to affirmatively acknowledge or accept the revised Privacy Policy in order to continue using the Service.         Any use of the Service after a notice of change (whether by Site posting, email, or express acknowledgment or acceptance) will constitute your express agreement to such changes
17.  Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the postal address or email address below:
In writing: CheckFreePay Corporation
