True Random Number Service
Website Privacy Policy
Effective from 1 July 2012
www.random.org and its related sites including, without limitation api.random.org (together the   "Website") is a site operated by Randomness and Integrity Services   Limited ("we" or "us" or "the Company"). We are registered in   Ireland under company number 489434 and have our registered office   at Premier Business Centres, 8 Dawson Street, Dublin 2, D02N767, Ireland. We are a limited   company.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Our website Privacy   Statement sets out what information we collect, how we collect it,   what we do with it and how we protect this information.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
In order to process each subscription to our website, we collect   personal details from you. These details may include (where   applicable) names, addresses telephone numbers, e-mail and IP   addresses, credit/debit card or other payment details. We also store   all information which you may submit to us in respect of any   services provided on the Website, which information may include   personal information
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Where you have consented, we may also use your data, or permit   selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with   information about goods and services which may be of interest to you   and we or they may contact you about these by electronic means.
If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass   your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick   the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your   data.
We may also disclose your information to contracted companies who   act as "data processors" on our behalf, or with your agreement to   ancillary service providers such as credit card providers.
We follow strict security procedures in the storage and   disclosure of information. Our security procedures require that we   request proof of identity before we disclose sensitive   information.
IP ADDRESSES
We may collect information about your computer, including where   available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for   system administration and to report aggregate information to our   advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing   actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
DIRECT MARKETING MATERIAL
From time to time we may   contact you with information regarding promotions, competitions and   ancillary products via email. However, you will have the choice to   opt in or out of receiving such communications by so indicating on   the Website. You will also be given the opportunity on every   e-communication that we send you to indicate that you no longer wish   to receive our direct marketing material.
SITE TRACKING
We use tracking software to monitor customer traffic patterns and   site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the   websites. This software does not enable us to capture any personal   information.
COOKIES
This site uses cookies to enable us to improve our service to you   and to provide certain features that you may find useful. Cookies   are small text files that are transferred to your computer's hard   drive through your web browser to enable us to recognise your   browser and help us to track visitors to our site; thus enabling us   to understand better the products and services that will be most   suitable to you. A cookie contains your contact information and   information to allow us to identify your computer when you travel   around our site. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies,   but, if you wish, you can set your browser to prevent it from   accepting cookies. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most   browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting   new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a   new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. The cookies we use   do not detect any information stored on your computers.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This privacy statement only covers websites that we own and   control. It does not cover links to other websites and accordingly   any information collected by those parties that own and control   those websites or their use of cookies. Please be aware that   individual organizations operate their own policies regarding the   use and sale of personal information and the use of cookies. If you   have a concern regarding the way your personal information will be   used on other sites then you are advised to read the relevant   privacy statement or in the absence of such a statement on the site,   contact the company concerned. Any data stored by third party   websites are stored completely separately by third party.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and   stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area   ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA   who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe   engaged in, among other things, the fulfilment of your order, the   processing of your payment details and the provision of support   services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this   transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably   necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in   accordance with this privacy policy.
Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password   which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are   responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not   to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet   is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect   your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data   transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once   we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and   security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
YOUR RIGHTS
You have the right to ask in writing for a copy of the   information we hold about you (for which we may charge a maximum fee   of €6.35) and also to correct any inaccuracies in your   information.
All queries should be addressed to:
Customer Services
Unit 20
CHANGES TO PRIVACY STATEMENT
Our Privacy Statement may change from time to time and any   changes to the statement will be posted on this page.
© 1998-2018 RANDOM.ORG
