Privacy Policy
This privacy statement describes how SearchAlgo collects and uses the Personal Information you provide on our Web site: www.SearchAlgo.com. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information. If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should first contact us at support@searchalgo.com .
Collection and Use of Information
SearchAlgo.com does not automatically collect any personally identifiable information, such as names, e-mail, age, gender, address, telephone numbers, login names and passwords or other self-identifying information ("Personal Information").
SearchAlgo.com may use cookies on the Site. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier by saving preferences and browsing patterns while you are at SearchAlgo.com's Site. Cookies may be used to analyze Site usage, improve content, customize the Site's content and layout and for other customer service purposes. SearchAlgo.com's use of cookies is in no way linked to any Personal Information.
SearchAlgo.com may automatically receive and record certain non-personally identifiable information on its server logs from your browser, including your IP address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), cookie information, and the webpage that a user visits. SearchAlgo.com collects non-personally identifiable information for general purposes, including but not limited to analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking user movements, conducting research, and providing anonymous reporting to internal and external clients. SearchAlgo.com will not link any Personal Information, including e-mail addresses, with aggregate data of its users.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information
SearchAlgo.com does not rent, sell, or share any information about the user with any third-parties. SearchAlgo.com may disclose information about its users if SearchAlgo.com believes such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law or legal process served on SearchAlgo.com; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of SearchAlgo.com (including the enforcement of our agreements); or (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of SearchAlgo.com services or members of the public.
Security
SearchAlgo.com takes reasonable precaution to protect Personal Information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. Although SearchAlgo.com cannot guarantee that Personal Information will not be subject to unauthorized access, SearchAlgo.com has physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the Personal Information. Personal Information is protected by secured networks and access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.
Links to Other Web Sites
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of SearchAlgo. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Business Transitions
In the event that SearchAlgo.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. SearchAlgo.com will post a notice on this website of any such change in ownership or control of the Personal Information SearchAlgo.com may have prior to such transfer.
Changes to Policy
From time to time, SearchAlgo.com may revise this Policy. SearchAlgo.com will post the revised Policy on the Site, so that users can always be aware of what information SearchAlgo.com collects, how the information is used and under what circumstances such information may be disclosed.
Contact Information
You can contact us about this privacy statement by writing or email us at the address below:
SearchAlgo
Terms of Use
This website and any sub-sites hereof (together the "Site"), is published and maintained by SearchAlgo, 228 Park Ave. S #32118, New York, NY 10003, United States, or its subsidiaries, as a service to its visitors.
The Site may at any time change the terms and conditions herein (the "Terms of Use"). Therefore, upon each time you may visit this site you should review Terms of Use for your understanding of its conditions. By using this Site you consent to its Terms of Use which are enforced at all times. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, please stop use of the site immediately. Users of the site are not warranted that their use shall be uninterrupted or free of any errors. Management of the site may at any time and on its own discretion without prior notice discontinue, suspend, or remove and change the contents of the site. These changes are to be defined below.
No user may log into any such non-public areas of the site without completing a valid registration to the site and receiving a valid password to proceed.
Intellectual property rights
Intellectual Property rights to all information and material (including but not limited to images, software, text, articles, graphics, pictures, sounds, solutions, metatags, trademarks and other marks, logotypes as well as the Site's general "look and feel") (together the "Content"), contained in the Site are owned by the Site or its licensors. All Content is protected under national law and international treaties of the United States.
Ownership of the site is and shall always remain the site’s under no circumstances do registered users acquire any ownership to any part of the Site or the Content. Users only acquire a limited, revocable and non-exclusive right to the use the Site and its Content as explicitly described in these herein Terms of Use. Without limitation, no user is granted the right manipulate or in any other way change the Site or the Content.
Users may not remove, change or add any copyright, trade mark or other intellectual property right notices contained in, on, or within the Site; nor may any user copy or in any other way or manner reproduce content except where expressly permitted as described below.
In addition, only those images users have uploaded to the site for their own theme shall be deemed their own. Any other images and materials presented on the site are and shall remain the property of the site protected by Intellectual property rights. The uploading of the images as themes by the users makes the themes available on the users’ individual computer which are the sole responsibility of the user for these themes. The user/member, shall be deemed responsible for the image ownership, copyright and any other manner related. Moreover, the user/member shall be liable for the sharing and production of the image used herein.
Upon the deletion of cookies from the user/member’s computer, the last launched theme shall be automatically removed and the theme shall revert back to its default theme.
The site bears no responsibility or liability for uploads made by any of its users/members at anytime neither for the content or any possible copyright infringements which may later be involved.
Allowed use of the Site and the Content
Use of the site can be made for personal non-commercial purposes and always in accordance with the Terms and Use and the applicable law. Therefore, assuming non-commercial use is applicable users/members may print a copy of most pages on the site. However, additional terms may apply for the use of certain parts of the Site.
Users/members are forbidden from using the Site or any of its content for any other purpose except for those explicitly described in the previous paragraph, the Terms of Use or with prior written consent of the site. Any mis-use of the Site or the Content (including but not limited to printed copies thereof) contradictory to these Terms of Use may violate the users/members membership and access to the usage of the site and may lead to termination of the member’s access, as well lead to Legal action to be taken against any such violators should it be necessary.
Information on the Site
Users/Members of the site must not accept information on the Site as comprehensive. Any forward-looking statements made on the Site are based on the site’s best judgment but are subject to a number of uncertainties as well as events beyond the site’s control. Users/Member’s use of the information on their own risk and the site requests users/members never to rely on the information (or any part thereof) without first seeking appropriate professional advice.
Information sent by Users/Members to the site
If users/members send information or material to the Site by any means or in any way, all such information or material will be regarded as non-confidential and non-proprietary, unless otherwise clearly indicated in advance. The site may without compensating the users/members in any manner, use such information and material for its own or for third parties' purposes without prior consent of the users/members for any length of time necessary.
Privacy policy and use of cookies
The terms of the site’s Privacy Policy and use of cookies are hereby incorporated in and made an integral part of, these Terms of Use. Users/members agree to the use of Personal Information and cookies by the site or third parties in accordance with the terms of and for the purposes set forth in, the site’s Privacy Policy and terms for use of cookies. The users/members of the site agree to these privacy and use of cookies set forth in the Terms of use by completing the registration to the site and activating their membership thereafter.
Links to other websites
The Site may contain links to third parties' websites. The links are included for users/members convenience only. The site does not monitor such websites and/or assumes no liability whatsoever for the content or opinions expressed on those websites. Users/members access and use any linked website at their own risk.
Viruses and harmful code
The site assumes no liability whatsoever for damage to or loss of hardware, software or information caused by users/members downloading Content (and software in particular) from the Site. All users/members must ensure that their computers are adequately protected against computer viruses and harmful code at all times.
Should any users/members be found responsible for uploading a virus harmful to the site, such member shall be deemed in violation the Terms of Use to the site. Moreover, the site shall proceed with legal action against such user/member to recover damages suffered, including but not limited to attorney’s fees.
Indemnification
Users/members agree to indemnify and keep the site, its officers, employees, agents and shareholders harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, (including reasonable attorneys' fees), arising from users/members use of the Site, the Content or breach of these Terms of Use.
Limited liability
USERS/MEMBERS OF THE SITE AND ITS CONTENT IS AT THEIR OWN RISK. THE SITE DOES NOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER FOR ANY CONSEQUENCES ARISING FROM USERS/MEMBERS USE OF THE SITE OR ITS CONTENT. THE SITE, ALL ITS CONTENT AND FUNCTIONS ARE AVAILABLE TO USERS/MEMBERS IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". THE SITE DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND AND, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY ENG AND LAW, IN THE JURISDICTION OF THE UNITED STATES COURTS, AND DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY WHATSOEVER (I) FOR THE ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, OF ANY CONTENT PUBLISHED ON OR MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE, AND (II) FOR ANY VIRUSES OR HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR SOFTWARE CODE THAT MAY CAUSE DAMAGE TO YOUR HARDWARE, SOFTWARE OR DATA AS A CONSEQUENCE OF YOUR USE – IN ANY WAY OR MANNER - OF THE SITE OR THE CONTENT. ALL INFORMATION ON THE SITE IS PROVIDED WITH ALL FAULTS AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION IS UPON THE USERS/MEMBERS OF THE SITE.
THE SITE SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO USERS/MEMBERS NEGLIGENCE, BE LIABLE FOR LOSS OF SALES, PROFIT S OR REVENUE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA OR ANY OTHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES CAUSED YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FROM THE USE OF (OR INABILITY TO USE) THE SITE OR THE CONTENT, EVEN IF SITE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE RISK FOR SUCH DAMAGES.
THE SITE’S TOTAL LIABILITY TO USERS/MEMBERS SHALL UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WHATSOEVER EXCEED EUR 1000.
General and governing law
The Site can be accessed from numerous places and countries around the world. That shall not be understood as venue or consent to that local jurisdiction as the site did not avail itself to any other local jurisdiction other than the one stated and expressly implied in these Terms of Use. Thus the site does not and shall not consent to any other jurisdiction other than the United States Court of law. These Terms of Use constitutes the entire agreement between the users/members and the Site regarding use of the Site and its Content. Users/members failure at any time to adhere to any such provision in these Terms of Use shall lead to the immediate termination of such User/member’s access to the site, as well as possible legal action against such individual should it be deemed necessary. Should any provision of the Terms of Use should be found invalid or unenforceable, it shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision herein. Any invalid or unenforceable provision shall be substituted with new provisions, which are within their legal and commercial content, the most similar to the invalid or unenforceable provision. Any cause of action shall be commenced within one (1) year after the claim arises, or be forever waived.
These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the US, without reference to its conflicts or choice of laws provision. Users/members consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the United States.
© 2012 SearchAlgo.
