Effective Date: 20 June, 2014
Nielsen is concerned about privacy issues and wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy covers the collection and use of information for this website, www.nielsen.com (the “Site” or “we”). This Site is owned by Nielsen.
By using this Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
ABOUT NIELSEN
Nielsen (NYSE: NLSN) is a global information and measurement company with leading market positions in marketing and consumer information, television and other media measurement, online intelligence, mobile measurement, trade shows and related assets. The company has a presence in approximately 100 countries, with headquarters in New York, USA. For more information please visit www.nielsen.com .
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information you give us. When you submit inquiries, request information or give us feedback on or in relation to this Site, we will ask you for the relevant personal information like your name, postal address, telephone number, and email address. We may also ask you to provide other information in connection with your request, such as your location and industry, your preferred means of communication, as well as other information.
Information from your use of this Site. We may automatically receive information when you visit our Site. This includes information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser information, information collected through cookies, pixel tags, and other technologies, the date and time of your visit, and the web page you have visited immediately prior to visiting this Site.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We may use the information you voluntarily give us:
To respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
To send you important information regarding the Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information.
To send you commercial communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
For our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our Site, improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our communications.
We may use the information we receive from your use of this Site in the following ways:
Your IP address: Your “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). An IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user visits the Site, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many web sites.
We use IP Addresses for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose server problems, and administering the Site. We may also use and disclose IP Addresses for all the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information. Please note that we treat IP Addresses, server log files and related information as non-personal information, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.
Your browser: Certain information is collected through most browsers, such as your Media Access Control (MAC) address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, operating system version and Internet browser type and version.
Cookies: Cookies allow a web server to transfer data to a computer for recordkeeping and other purposes. Both session and persistent cookies may be used in connection with the Site. These cookies are used for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively, and to better serve you with more tailored information, as well as for online tracking purposes. We may also use cookies to gather statistical information about the usage of the Site in order to continually improve the design and functionality, to understand how users use the Site, and to assist us with resolving questions regarding the Site.
We use Google Analytics to help us analyze how visitors use the Site. Among other things, Google Analytics uses cookies to collect information about the number of visitors to the Site, the webpage that referred visitors to the Site, and the pages that visitors view within the Site. The Google Analytics cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser; this type of cookie is known as a “persistent” cookie.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. Some features of the Site may not work properly if you decline the use of cookies. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ located outside the Site. To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics across all websites, visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout located outside the Site.
Pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs or other similar technologies: These may be used in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted email messages to, among other things, track the actions of Site users and email recipients, measure the success of our communications and compile statistics about Site usage and response rates.
We may use and disclose this information consistent with local law.
If we combine non-personal information (information that does not personally identify you) with personal information (such as combining your name with your geographical location), the combined information will be treated by us as personal information as long as it is combined.
WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your information:
To other members of the Nielsen family of companies for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Nielsen’s US parent company is the party responsible for the management of the jointly-used personal information.
To our third party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, infrastructure provision, IT services, customer service, email delivery services, credit card processing, auditing services and other similar services to enable them to provide services.
To identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Site.
By you, on message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information, and may be available to visitors to the Site and to the general public. We urge you to be very careful when deciding to disclose your personal information, or any other information, on the Site.
To a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
THIRD PARTY SITES
This Privacy Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third parties, including any third party operating any site to which this Site contains a link. The inclusion of a link on the Site does not imply endorsement of the linked site by us or by our affiliates.
SECURITY
We use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information under our control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting Us” section below.
CHOICES AND ACCESS
If you no longer want to receive electronic newsletters, marketing communications, and other communications related to other products or services offered by us, you can click on the “unsubscribe” link available in each email or contact us and request to be removed from our email marketing database.
If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information that has been previously provided to us you may contact us .
We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you opt-out as described above, we will not be able to remove your personal information from the databases of our affiliates with which we have already shared it. Please also note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages as part of your ongoing use of our products or services.
RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law.
USE OF SITE BY CHILDREN
The Site is not directed to minors, and we request that children under 18 not provide personal information through the Site.
CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER
Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities, and by using our Site you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which have different data protection rules than in your country.
SENSITIVE INFORMATION
We ask that you not send us, and you not disclose to us any sensitive personal information (e.g., information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Site or otherwise.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy. Please take a look at the “Effective Date” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us .
Please note that online communications are not always secure; so please do not include sensitive information in your inquiry to us.
MORE ABOUT US
