Privacy Policy (Updated 5/25/2018)
FEN Learning ("FEN", “we”, “us”, “our”) operates this website ("Website") and is committed to protecting the privacy and security of its online visitors. We are also extremely sensitive to family and educator concerns about children's safety and information related to them. This privacy statement tells you about the types of information that we collect from you, how we collect that information from you and how we use that information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how you can contact us about our privacy practices.
We encourage our visitors to read through and understand our privacy statement. We may update it from time to time to address new issues or reflect changes on our Website. Please refer to this privacy statement regularly. FEN reserves the right to revise this privacy statement at any time and such revisions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof. Notice may be given by any means including, but not limited to, posting the revised privacy statement on this Website. Any use of our site by you subsequent to such notice shall be deemed to constitute acceptance by you of such revision.
 
Information We Collect From You
When you use this Website, we may collect personal information from you. Personal information means information that would identify you, directly or indirectly, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, or credit card number.  Please note we do not currently collect personal information from children users. When a player creates a user account we may request that he or she creates a unique username and password and provide us with certain information, such as, gender and age.
This Website may contain blogs, bulletin boards or other public forums where free form entry is permitted. We highly recommend that you do not post your personal information when using these features. If you provide your personal information through any of these features, then such personal information will be posted publicly for others to see. We do not currently offer features that allow children to post or share personal information publicly.
 
How We Collect Your Information
When you use this website, we collect personal information and anonymized information through a variety of methods.
We collect personal information from you when you interact with this Website by filling out a form such as registering for a user account, submitting a customer service request, conducting a purchase transaction, or participating in a public discussion forum.
We collect anonymized information from you by using technologies like cookies, web beacons and server logs. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies.  Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the Website.  For more information on deleting or controlling cookies we recommend www.allAboutCookies.org .  Please note that while browsing through this Website, you may get cookies from our advertisers or sponsors. FEN does not control these cookies. The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry.
 
How We Use Your Information
FEN and its affiliates may use your information described above to:
Operate, evaluate, and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our products and services; managing our communications; analyzing our products, services, and communications; and performing accounting, auditing, and other internal functions);
Process your  purchase transaction (if any);
Communicate with you and respond to your inquiries;
Protect against, identify, and prevent fraud and other criminal activity and claims and other liabilities;
Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards, and other policies; and
For our legitimate business purposes, including marketing our goods and services to you, where we have your permission to do so.
In addition, we may use information collected through automated means (cookies and/or similar technologies) for the purposes set forth above, including (i) customizing your visit to our Site, (ii) analyzing the manner in which you interact with our Site, and (iii) managing our Site and other aspects of our business.  We also use information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our Website and identify users of our Website. 
We may use the information we obtain in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection. 
The anonymized information we track with cookies is not used to identify, or lead us back to, any particular visitor. Visitors to this Website may have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences (most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies). Cookies make our Website easier for you to use because they save your preferences while you are visiting our sites (although we do not save passwords in cookies). Cookies also help us know which areas are your favorites, which areas need improvement, and what technologies and Internet services our visitors are using. Knowing this information helps us continually improve the online experience for our visitors and members.
FEN may also use third party vendors who supply applications, payment processing, web hosting and other technologies for this Website that may have access to your personal information and anonymized information, but they are prohibited from using use such information for any other purpose except to provide services in connection with this Website.
FEN will not share any personal information about you with any third party (a party not affiliated with Sandbox Networks, Inc.), except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Statement and in the following circumstances: (a) in response to subpoenas, court orders or legal process, to the extent permitted and as restricted by law; (b) when disclosure is required to maintain the security and integrity of this site, or to protect any user's security or the security of other persons, consistent with applicable laws; (c) when disclosure is directed or consented to by the registered member who has inputted the personal information; (d) in the event that Sandbox Networks, Inc. (the owner of FEN) or any of its subdivisions or units goes through a business transition, such as a merger, divestiture, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred; or (e) in limited circumstances, FEN may disclose your email address in order to comply with laws and regulations, including the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and Marketing Act (CAN-SPAM of 2003).
 
Do Not Track
 
About Our Advertisers:
This Website allows advertising by third parties. FEN does not control the linking practices of advertisers or sponsors and does not monitor or claim responsibility for any content or privacy practices of such websites. Once you have clicked on an advertisement and have left this Website, you must read the privacy policy of the advertiser or sponsor to see how your information will be handled.
FEN may offer contests, sweepstakes, and promotions that are sponsored by third-party advertisers or sponsors. These third parties may obtain personal information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the activity. FEN does not control the third parties' use of information.
FEN may use advertising servers developed by third parties to display ads on this Website. Some of these ads may contain cookies that are set by third parties (advertisers, sponsors) and may use anonymized information (not including your name, address, email address, telephone number) about your visits to this and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they transmit. The FEN privacy statement does not cover any use of information that a third-party ad server may have collected from you. 
For more information on ad serving, please go to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ad-serving/ . If you would like to know your choices about not having information used by these third parties, please go to:
A Notice About External Links
Occasionally, you will find links from FEN to independently owned, controlled, and/or managed Websites whose content we believe will be of possible interest and value to our visitors. Additionally, you'll see links from advertisers, sponsors, and other partners who may use a FEN owned logo as part of a co-branding agreement.
In many cases, these links represent cooperative projects or mutual links established with the organizations connected with these sites. We do not control the content of these links. These other sites may send you their own cookies, collect data, or solicit personal information. While we identify sponsor and advertiser areas of our Websites, we do not control these cookies or the content of these third parties.
FEN has partnered with other companies to provide certain services. In some cases, you may see a FEN owned logo on another company's site. FEN does not share any of your personal information with these partners and they do not share any information with us.
Once you leave our servers (you can generally tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), the use of any information collected from you is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you cannot find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from that site's Home page, you should contact the site directly for more information.
 
Security
 
Individuals Located in the European Union: Your Rights and Choices
If you are a resident of the European Union or provide personal information through this Website while located in the European Union, the below provides additional information affecting your rights and choices.  
If you are a resident of the European Union or provide personal information through this Website while located in the European Union, we offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information that we collect from you on this Website. 
Users in the European Union may have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal information held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal information held by us;
to request that we cease processing your personal information;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to request that your data be transferred to a third party.
You can exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us as indicated in the “How To Contact Us” section of this privacy statement. We will apply your preferences going forward. You agree that if you exercise any of the rights listed above (except to receive a copy of your personal information), you may no longer and will no longer access the Website, and we will no longer provide any services associated with the Website (if any) to you.
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you may approach your local data protection authority, (to locate your data protection authority see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html ).
 
Cross-Border Transfer of Data
 
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement or your dealings with FEN, or if you would like us to update information that we have about you or your preferences or consents, please:
E-mail us at Customer Support at: https://sandboxnetworks.custhelp.com/app/ask/p/12 ;
Write to us at: FEN Learning, PO Box 51660, Boston, MA 02205; or
Call us at: 1-800-498-3264.
