Information we collect
When you visit or use our Digital Properties, we may collect the following types of information:
Personal information you choose to provide to us such as your name, mailing address, and email address. You may provide this information, for example, when you make requests for information or assistance.
Technical information including, but not limited to, browser type, IP address, mobile device type and identifier, screen resolution, operating system, the date and time of a visit or use, the pages visited on this Site and areas accessed in the App, the time spent viewing the Digital Properties, and return visits to the Digital Properties.
Aggregated information as you and others browse and use our Digital Properties.
Uses of information
We may use the information we collect from you for purposes such as:
To respond to your inquires and requests;
To operate our Digital Properties and improve your experience;
To identify or remediate possible threats to the Site’s security;
To conduct research about your use of the Digital Properties and our services;
To effectuate your opt-out choices; and
For any other purpose specified at time of collection.
Analytics, operational & research services
 
Sharing information with third parties
Through some of our Digital Properties, you are able to exercise choice with respect to certain data practices of companies participating in the choice tools we provide. When you exercise your choice, we may share some information collected from you, your computer, or your mobile device with these companies so that they may honor your requests concerning their data collection practices. Additionally, we may share information with service providers who may assist us in responding to your inquiries or requests, or otherwise perform some business or operational function for us. We may also disclose personal information about you if required to do so by law, including without limitation, by search warrant, subpoena or court order; to protect our and third party rights; and for purposes disclosed at time of collection.
Security
We take reasonable measures to help maintain data we collect through our Digital Properties in a secure manner.
Links to third party sites
Our Digital Properties may contain links to other websites operated by third parties we do not control and this Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through our Digital Properties. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these other websites.
Changes in our privacy policy
From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting any updated policies on this page. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.
Contact us
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@aboutads.info .
Last Updated: May 18, 2017
 
