Search site
PRIVACY POLICY
Reebok licenses the design, manufacture, and marketing of all Reebok branded occupational and duty uniform protective footwear to Warson Brands, (also known as Warson Group, Inc.)
Warson Brands is concerned about privacy on the Web. As such, we have created this Privacy Policy to let you know how Warson Brands assembles and safeguards your information related to this Site. This Privacy Policy works in conjunction with the Terms and Conditions of Use, but does not modify or supercede it.
1. WARSON BRAND’S COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
A. PERSONAL INFORMATION.
Logging On. Like most Internet sites, Warson Brands uses your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer this Site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad, demographic information. This information is for internal use only and will not be disseminated to advertisers. However, name and specific registrant information is not linked to broad demographic data.
Submitted Information. At the end of the Site, Warson Brands asks you to provide it with personal information regarding your visit to the Site as well as any information regarding your interest and/or desire to purchase the products. In addition, Warson Brands may use the contact information to send you information about Reebok and other products we offer. Generally, Warson Brands may collect the demographic and profile data for internal use only to tailor your experience at our Site, showing you material that Warson Brands thinks you might be interested in, and displaying the material according to your preferences.
Purchases. When you make an online purchase, the information you provide allows Warson Brands to process and fill your order, and to notify you of your order status. To complete the order, Warson Brands will need to know your credit card brand, credit card number and expiration date. Once an online order has been confirmed, credit card information is not reused. When you provide any part of the requested information, you certify that any information that you provide, including without limitation, any information related to identification, billing and marketing, is truthful, accurate, complete and updated. As more fully described in Paragraph 4, your browser communicates with a secure server and all information you submit is encrypted, keeping it private. This technology makes it safer to transmit your credit card information over the Internet. Only authorized Warson Brands employees have access to stored information. Warson Brands safeguards information according to established security standards and procedures, and Warson Brands continually assesses new technology for protecting information. Warson Brands employees are trained to understand and comply with these information safeguards. For more information regarding security, see Paragraph 4.
B. COOKIES.
“Cookies” are pieces of data sent from a Web server to a Web browser that enable a Web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. Warson Brands may use Cookies in order to identify you to this Site so that Warson Brands can provide more customized information and services to you. In addition, this Site may contain advertisements that may contain Cookies. To disable the use of Cookies by your browser, review your browser’s preferences and options.
C. OTHER INFORMATION.
You may choose to send Warson Brands a question via e-mail, register for a special service or otherwise communicate with Warson Brands. Warson Brands uses such information to communicate with you and to enhance this Site to better meet your needs.
D. THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS.
We have engaged Inspectlet to analyse the activities of visitors to this website, and Inspectlet’s authorized use of cookies and other tracking technologies enable it to have access to Personal Information of visitors to this website. Such access to and use of Personal Information by Inspectlet is governed by Inspectlet’s Privacy Policy [https://www.inspectlet.com/legal#privacy]
2. AGGREGATE DATA.
Warson Brands may: (a) extract information that does not identify you specifically, commonly referred to as Aggregate Data, from the personal information, Cookies or other information collected on this Site; and (b) use such Aggregate Data for internal and/or commercial purposes. You hereby grant Warson Brands and its agents and third party licensors an unrestricted, exclusive, perpetual and no cost right to develop, relicense, sell, analyze, use and exploit such Aggregate Data in accordance with the guidelines set forth in this Privacy Policy.
3. RIGHT TO OPT OUT.
You may choose whether to receive direct marketing communications relating to Warson Brands. If you do not want to receive such information, you should contact Warson Brands, in accordance with Paragraph 6, and request to “opt out.” Upon receipt and processing of an opt out request, Warson Brands will not include you in any future marketing communications.
4. SECURITY; NO LIABILITY.
Warson Brands has implemented security measures to help protect against the risk of loss, misuse and alteration of any information under Warson Brands’ control. Specifically, Warson Brands uses the industry standard secure socket encryption protocol to safeguard the security of your transactions. When making a purchase or entering personal information, SSL technology encrypts your information in an effort to prevent others from obtaining it. Nevertheless, such security measures may not prevent all loss, misuse or alteration of information on this Site, and Warson Brands is not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such security failures. Furthermore, this Site may contain links to other sites. Warson Brands is not responsible for nor can Warson Brands ensure the privacy practices or content of such other sites.
5. MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY.
Warson Brands may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changed or amended Privacy Policy on the Site. Your continued viewing of or use of this Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to any such changes or amendments.
6. HOW TO CONTACT WARSON BRANDS.
You may contact Warson Brands with questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy and this Site at info@warsonbrands.com
Designed with athletic performance technologies to turn marathon work days into walks in the park.
