Shhh... We won't tell
Rackspace Hosting group companies respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of the personal information we collect.
Personal Information We Collect
Our Privacy Notice and specific privacy notices describe how we handle the personal information we collect about you. Personal information could include, for example, your name and contact details that you provide when you:
Purchase services from us
Apply for a job
Disclosure of Personal Information
When we need to provide your Personal Information to third parties, we will only share it to the extent reasonably necessary.  We may also share your Personal Information as required or permitted by law and as described in our Privacy Notice .
Rackspace’s continued commitment to our contractual and legal obligations can be found in our Customer Data Processing Addendum .
Rackspace is committed to protecting your data. Our contractual and legal obligations are flowed down to our processors and subprocessors in our Supplier Data Processing Addendum .
Tracking Technologies
Rackspace and our service providers or third party advertisers may use cookies, web beacons, or other similar technologies when you visit or interact with us online. For more information about our use of Tracking Technologies, please visit our Cookie Notice . If you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising or other forms of “tracking” please refer to our cookie notice above.
Customers' Hosted Data
To find out more about customers’ hosted data and privacy go to our Customer Data Security and Privacy page .
If you receive hosting or other services from one of our customers and have privacy-related questions about those services, please contact our customer directly.
Access
If you would like to correct or update the information we hold about you, or revoke consent previously granted, please follow the instructions located in our Privacy Notice .
Intracompany Data Processing
s a global company, there may be times when Rackspace may need to share personal data across its entities to support our customers and employees in the provision of services. The EU regulations on data protection (for example, the General Data Protection Regulation) require Rackspace to have in place an appropriate method to legitimise cross border transfer of personal data. In addition to self-certifying under the Privacy Shield , Rackspace has put in place an Intracompany Data Processing Agreement to allow the processing of personal data among its entities.
 
Privacy Questions
To view our previous notices, please click here . To view a printer friendly version of our Privacy Statement, please click here .
If you have questions or complaints about our privacy statement or practices, please contact us at privacy@rackspace.com . If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
Privacy Notices
Privacy Highlights
Mobile apps
This privacy notice explains our privacy practices when you use our mobile applications or interact with us through your mobile device.
Job candidates
This privacy notice explains our privacy practices when you apply for a job with us.
Cookies
This privacy notice provides details on the cookies, web beacons and similar technologies used when you interact with us online. We also explain your options regarding these technologies.
Privacy Shield
This privacy notice explains the privacy practices of our US companies when they receive personal information from the European Union, EEA and Switzerland.
Frequently Asked Questions
If you have a privacy or data protection-related question about our services or the data that you host with us, please contact your Rackspace support team or service delivery manager.
If your questions relate to our Privacy Statement, please email email us.
