The mission of the Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security is to develop policy guidance; provide astute policy advice; and oversee planning, capability development, and operational implementation to assure warfighting and national security advantages in the mission areas of: Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction; Cyber; Space; Defense Continuity; Mission Assurance; Defense Support of Civil Authorities; and supervises Homeland Defense activities of the Department of Defense.
Leadership
Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security
Mr. Kenneth P. Rapuano is the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security. Previously Mr. Rapuano was a Senior Vice President at the ANSER Corporation, and the Director of the Studies and Analysis Group which provided multi-disciplinary studies and operational analysis for a broad array of government clients in the national security, homeland security areas. Up until November of 2016, Mr. Rapuano directed the Homeland Security Studies and Analysis Institute (HSSAI), a Federally Funded Research and Development Corporation (FFRDC) operated by ANSER, a mission oriented not-for-profit organization. Read More
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, DCMA
Charles P. Kosak currently serves as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Defense Continuity and Mission Assurance (DASD DC&MA) in the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy (OUSDP). As DASD DC&MA, he oversees the Department’s continuity, mission assurance, domestic counter-terrorism, information-sharing and global anti-terrorism policies and programs. DC&MA develops plans, policies, and leadership support initiatives to assure the Department can execute its core functions, even in the face of asymmetric military threats and severe natural hazards to defense installations and infrastructure. Read More
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, HDI& DSCA
Robert Salesses, as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense Integration and Defense Support of Civil Authorities (DSCA), Mr. Salesses is responsible for the development, coordination, and oversight of the integration and implementation of plans and policy for defense support of civil authorities, programs, and budgets within the DoD Components, and homeland security - related interagency relationships. Read More
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, Cyber Policy
Vacant  Read More
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, Space Policy
Stephen L. Kitay has been selected for appointment to the Senior Executive Service and for assignment as the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Space Policy. Kitay was most recently a professional staff member on the House Armed Services Committee, where he served as the national security space expert on the multi-billion dollar space budget, policies, and programs. and was responsible for guiding the oversight of Department of Defense intelligence programs. He was a U.S. Air Force Active Duty Officer, and is a graduate of Syracuse University and the University of West Florida.
Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense, CWMD
Vacant Read More
Contact Information
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and America's Security Affairs
2600 Defense Pentagon
Washington, D.C. 20301
