Sorry, we had a problem checking search results for you.
We use cookies to improve your online experience. Take a look at our Cookie Policy to learn more and change your preferences. By continuing to use our website we assume you are happy to allow the use of these cookies.
About this Privacy Policy
We know how important it is for you to understand how we use your data. This Privacy Policy sets out how and why we collect, store, process and share your personal data. We will always be transparent with you about what we do with your personal data.
This Policy also tells you what your rights are in relation to the personal data you give to us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or your rights under it please contact:
Address: IKEA Customer Services Kingston Park, Peterborough, Cambridgeshire, PE2 9ET, United Kingdom
Telephone: 020 3645 0000
E-mail: customer.service@ikea.com
We are IKEA Limited (company number: 01986283) (“IKEA”) and our registered address is Witan Gate House, 500-600 Witan Gate West, Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, MK9 1SH. IKEA is the “data controller” of any personal data it may collect, process and hold about you, unless we inform you otherwise.
1. What personal data do we collect?
The personal data we collect from you directly can include your name, email address, mobile/landline telephone number, date of birth, address, your IKEA FAMILY card number, your purchasing activity, your credit, or debit card or other payment information, and information you give us when you contact our customer services team, when you engage with our social media platform (for example by tagging us in a post on Instagram) or when you sign up for IKEA FAMILY membership.
If you are using a mobile device and shopping with us online or browsing our website, we may collect your IP address or other device identifier, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other portable device information.
Where you are using a mobile device whilst in store with its WiFi capability switched on or have access to our free in-store WiFi, we may additionally collect your MAC address and location data whilst you are within the IKEA store or immediately within its perimeters.* If you do not want us to track your device or use your information in this way, please turn off the WiFi capability on your phone or other electronic device within your settings.
We may, where we have a lawful basis for doing so, also collect personal data about you from third parties who provide us with additional publicly available information about you.
*We use this information on an anonymous basis and will never use it to identify any particular user. We won't be able to link this data to any other data that we hold about you and the purpose of collecting this data is to perform analysis and to help us identify people flows around our stores to maximize the efficiency of our store design.
2. When do we collect your personal data?
When you purchase products and services from us in store, online, or over the phone
When you access our website or use any of our mobile Apps. Our website also uses cookies; to find out more about the use of cookies and how you can manage them, please read our  Cookie Policy
When you log into our in-store WiFi or have your WiFi settings switched on in-store
When you join our IKEA FAMILY loyalty scheme
When you contact us or we contact you to take part in surveys, competitions or promotions
When you contact our customer services team in store, online or over the phone
When you engage with us on social media (by mentioning/tagging us or by contacting us directly)
To make our products and services available to you
We use your personal data to provide you with the information, products and services that you request or purchase from us (i.e. to complete certain tasks, processes or orders on our website or within our apps, take payment online (where applicable) and deliver your products or services), and to communicate with you regarding those products and services that you purchase from us and respond to your questions and comments;
We may also use your personal data to measure how satisfied our customers are and provide customer service (including troubleshooting in connection with purchases or your requests for services or when you ask us questions on social media);
We rely on our contractual arrangements with you as the lawful basis on which we collect and process your personal data when you make an order for products and services. Alternatively, in some cases, we rely on our legitimate interests as a business (for example, to measure customer satisfaction and troubleshoot customer issues). Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights.
For administrative and internal business purposes
We may use your personal data for our internal business purposes, such as enhancing our site, improving our services and products and identifying usage trends. We may also use your data to monitor the use of our website and ensure that our website is presented in the most effective and relevant manner for you and your device and setting default options for you (such as language and store location);
It is in our legitimate interests as a business to use your personal data in this way. For example, we want to ensure our website is customer friendly and works properly and that our products and services are efficient and of high quality. We also want to make it easy for you to interact with us. Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights.
For security and legal reasons
We use your personal data to:
ensure the personal and financial information you provide us is accurate;
conduct fraud checks or prevent other illegal activity;
protect our rights or property (or those of others); and
fulfil our legal and compliance-related obligations.
 
In some cases we will use your personal data because it's necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation (such as if we receive a legitimate request from a law enforcement agency). In other cases (such as the detection of fraud) we will rely on our legitimate interests as a business to use your personal data in this way. Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights.
In relation to your IKEA FAMILY membership
We use your personal data to personalise your experience with IKEA to:
provide you with marketing material via SMS, post and email if you have given us your consent to this;
process your registration details, account activity and purchase history to analyse how you shop and what you shop for. This may include information on products you have viewed, historical transactions and products you have added to your online basket. This allows us to provide a browsing experience which is relevant to you;
in some instances we will send specific offers to our members based on their in store spend or on a special occasion such as when we know it's your birthday;
measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns and our advertising;
 
We rely on your consent to send direct SMS, postal and email marketing messages to you as an IKEA FAMILY member based on the consent we acquired from you when you signed up, as amended by you from time to time.
In other cases (for example, measuring the effectiveness of our marketing), we will rely on our legitimate interests as a business to communicate with our IKEA FAMILY members in an engaging and efficient way. Where we rely on our legitimate interests, we will always make sure that we balance these interests against your rights.
To personalise your shopping experience and improve our operations
We use your personal data to:
allow you to create a profile on our website which enables you to purchase IKEA products and services online without having to fill in your personal data every time you shop online with us;
provide you with marketing material via SMS and email;
 
It is in our legitimate interests as a business to use your data in this way and we do this in order to enhance your shopping experience with us. This allows us to help you find the products and services which you may be looking for and avoids you having to browse through products or services which are not relevant to you.
When we send you marketing material via SMS, and email, we will rely on our legitimate interests as a business, always ensuring that your rights are protected.
For information on how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy .
4. Who do we share your personal data with?
We will never sell any of your personal data to a third party. However, in order for us to provide our services to you, we share your personal data with our trusted third party service providers or our group companies, as detailed below. Whenever we share your personal data, we put safeguards in place which require these organisations to keep your data safe and to ensure that they do not use your personal data for their own marketing purposes.
Third party service providers
To fulfil orders for products and services
We work with a number of trusted service providers who carry out services on our behalf. When you purchase products and services from us, the services provided by these organisations includes delivery, product assembly and installation, waste removal and processing payments. It is in our legitimate interests as a business to work with these service providers since we may not have the capabilities to provide these services ourselves. In each case, we will ensure that the service provider is only allowed to use your personal data in order to provide the services to us and for no other purpose.
To prevent crime and comply with laws
We share your financial information including your credit, debit card or other payment information with third parties to ensure that your payment is safe and that your details are not being used fraudulently. This data sharing enables us to conduct fraud analysis which ensures that genuine and accurate payment details are provided to us for any purchase. We may share your personal data with credit agencies if you are requesting credit.
There may be other scenarios where we are subject to a legal obligation to share or disclose your personal data, such as with law enforcement agencies or public authorities in order to prevent or detect crime or fulfil a legal requirement.
Other professional services
We may need to disclose your personal data to our insurers where we believe that it is required under our contractual relationship with our insurance provider to do so.
We work with carefully selected third parties, such as our customer database hosting provider, marketing agencies and advertising partners who assist us in providing you with a positive customer experience. We work with these third parties to place relevant content and advertisements for you on our website, other websites and online media channels and apps. In order to do this, we use pixels and cookies. You can see our Cookie Policy .
Group companies
We may share the personal data we collect with other organisations in the IKEA Group where those other companies share various operations and business processes with us (such as IKEA Ireland Limited, IKEA IT AB, IKEA of Sweden AB). We will do this in order to fulfil our contractual obligations to you, or because it is in our legitimate interests to do so.
Transfer of your personal data outside the EEA
 
These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the UK and the EEA and so your personal data may not be subject to the same protections. However, in such cases, we will make sure that any transfer of your personal data to countries outside the EEA is subject to appropriate safeguards as if it were being processed inside the EEA and under the guiding principles set out in this privacy policy.
If you would like further information please contact us .
You have a number of rights relating to your personal information and what happens to it. You are entitled to:
have your data processed in a fair, lawful and transparent way;
be informed about how your personal data is being used, an example being this privacy policy;
access personal data we hold about you;
require us to correct any mistakes in your personal data;
require us to delete personal data concerning you in certain situations where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it;
request that we transfer your personal data to you or another service provider in a simple, structured format;
object at any time to processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes;
object to automated decision making which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you;
 
You can read more about your rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, in the Guidance from the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) https://ico.org.uk/for-the-public . You also have the right to complain about our use of personal data to the ICO. You can do these by contacting the ICO via their website  https://ico.org.uk/concerns  or by calling 0303 123 1113.
If you would like to speak to us in relation to any of your rights, please contact us .
6. Changing your preferences
If you no longer wish to be contacted by us about our products or services, or for other marketing purposes, you can amend your preferences or unsubscribe by  contacting us . Alternatively, if you have a profile on the IKEA website, you can unsubscribe by logging into your account, or simply follow the unsubscribe link provided in emails you receive from us.
We want to ensure that all the information we have about our customers is factually correct and up to date. If you find that the personal data we have about you is inaccurate or needs updating (for instance, you may have changed your name or address) then please contact us so that we can correct it. If you have created a profile on the IKEA website, you can change the details stored about you by logging into your account.
Security of your personal data
We take the security of your personal data very seriously. We have implemented various strategies, controls, policies and measures to keep your data secure and keep these measures under close review. We protect your data by using encryption techniques and we use other safeguards such as firewalls and password protection. This means that your data is protected and only accessible by co-workers who need it to carry out their job responsibilities. We also ensure that there are strict physical controls in our buildings which restricts access to your personal data to keep it safe.
Retention of your personal data
In broad terms, we will only retain your personal data for as long as is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. This means that the retention periods will vary according to the type of the data and the reason that we have the data in the first place.
We have procedures in place regarding our retention periods which we keep under review taking into account our reasons for processing your personal data and the legal basis for doing so.
8. Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make significant changes we will let you know but please regularly check this policy to ensure you are aware of the most updated version.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 14th May 2018.
