Newsletter Privacy Policy
Aeon email newsletters are issued by the not-for-profit, registered charity Aeon Media Group Ltd (Australian Business Number 80 612 076 614). This Email Newsletter Privacy Statement pertains to the personally identifying information you voluntarily submit in the form of your email address to receive our email newsletters
More generally, when visiting the Aeon site you should refer to our site Privacy Policy here .
This Email Newsletter Privacy Statement may change from time to time and was last revised 5 June, 2018.
By clicking ‘Subscribe’ you agree to the following:
We will use the email address you provide to send you daily and/or weekly email (depending on your selection). We also send occasional donation requests and, no more than once a year, reader surveys.
The email address/es you provide will be transferred to our external marketing automation service ‘MailChimp’ for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms . We use MailChimp to issue our newsletters, donation requests and reader surveys. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the conduct, practices or privacy policies of MailChimp.
Unsubscribing
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe link’ in the footer of emails you receive from us, or by contacting us at support@aeon.co  
If you want to review and correct the personal information we have about you, you can click on ‘update preferences’ in the footer of emails you receive from us, or by contacting us at support@aeon.co
Security of your personal information
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. We have taken reasonable measures to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. No physical or electronic security system is impenetrable however and you should take your own precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information you transmit. We cannot guarantee that the personal information you supply will not be intercepted while transmitted to us or our marketing automation service Mailchimp.
Sharing your personal information 
We will not disclose your personal information except: (1) as described by this Privacy Policy (2) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure or (3) if we are required to do so by a valid legal process or government request (such as a court order, a search warrant, a subpoena, a civil discovery request, or a statutory requirement). We will retain your information for as long as needed in light of the purposes for which is was obtained or to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements.
Access to your personal information
You may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by submitting a written request to support@aeon.co We may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address you use to send us the request. We will try and respond to your request as soon as reasonably practical. When you receive the information, if you think any of it is wrong or out of date, you can ask us to change or delete it for you.
Privacy Policy
The aeon.co website is operated by the not-for-profit, registered charity Aeon Media Group Ltd (‘Aeon’), Australian Business Number 80 612 076 614.
This privacy policy applies to Aeon Media Group Ltd and, as applicable, its affiliates Aeon America Inc (EIN 81-3741044) and Aeon Media Limited (Company Number 07920160).
We want you to enjoy our website and services secure in the knowledge that we have implemented fair information practices to protect your privacy. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices described in our privacy policy, including our use of cookies and similar online tracking technologies. If you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the website.
Aeon may change this policy from time to time by updating this page and you should regularly check to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy was last updated on 5 June 2018.
The policy outlines:
How we use your information
How we protect the information we collect
Access to your personal information
How to contact us
1. General principle
There are two types of information we may collect from you when you use the website: non-personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information. Non-personally identifiable information does not individually identify you, but it may include tracking and usage information about your general location, demographics, use of the website and the internet. Personally identifiable information is information that you voluntarily provide when you subscribe to a newsletter, complete an online syndication request, make a donation or query that can individually identify you and may include your name and email address etc.
The non-personally identifiable information we collect is used in aggregate only and we do not link non-personally identifiable information to your personally identifiable information.
We do not share either type of information unless required to run the website and services (see third-party services below). We will never sell either type of information.
This privacy policy does not apply to any information collected outside of the website, including offline or through other means (for example, via telephone or through email), unless otherwise stated below or at the time of collection.
2. How we collect information
We collect information when you:
Ask to be placed on an email newsletter list
Make a donation
Become a Friend of Aeon and set up a user account
Make an enquiry about our services
Visit our website
Post a comment on our website
Provide information to us
Tracking technologies 
When you visit our website, we collect information through the Tracking Technologies ‘Cookies’ and Google Analytics.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in temporary log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system and date/time stamp. We use this information to analyse trends, to administer the website, to track users’ movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most browsers. However, this means you won’t receive the benefits cookies provide. For example, a cookie may enable you to resume a video you watched in a previous visit, or keep you logged in to a members-only part of the website.
We use a third-party tracking service called Google Analytics that uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors in aggregate form. We use this information to better gain an understanding about how our website is used by visitors, helping us to update and improve the website.
You may opt out of Google Analytics tracking by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or download the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on or a typical ad blocker.
Links to other websites, social media platforms 
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our website, you should note that we do not have any control over the information that is collected and shared about you. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
You may interact with content on our website through social media platforms we use such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram by using their social features. Examples of social features include ‘liking’ or ‘sharing’ our content. We encourage you to review their policies before using their tools, which can be found at their respective websites. If you’d prefer that these social media platforms do not collect information about the content you share and use, we suggest that you don’t use their tools.
3. Types of information we may collect 
The types of information we may collect includes: 
Internet Protocol (IP) address
Internet Service Provider (ISP)
Date and time stamp of access/donation
Referral/exiting information – for example the website you came from prior to our website, or after leaving our website
Account information (email address, payment method etc)
Information you provide through an Aeon reader survey which might include age range, education level etc
Information you provide on your Friends of Aeon profile
Information you provide when completing the ‘Syndicate this Essay’ online form
Endorsements you voluntarily provide upon donating
Aeon is not responsible for any information you have provided in public areas of our website or on our social media platforms, which may then be viewed by other users.
4. How we use your information 
The information we collect may be used to help us:
Provide services you voluntarily subscribed to such as email newsletters
Provide Friends of Aeon services including email newsletters or other features 
Issue donation payment receipts, notify you of payment failures and payment renewals
Collect payment and deal with your account
Email you occasional donation requests
Improve the quality of our website
Promote services to you including advising you of updates or changes to our website and services
 Improve the website through reader surveys and feedback
 In fraud prevention purposes
Disclosure to third-party services 
As part of providing our website and services to you we use a limited number of third-party services that perform functions on our behalf, including but not limited to website hosting, server monitoring, marketing automation services, payments, billing and customer service.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the conduct, practices or privacy policies of these third-party services and encourage you to read the policies of the services we use below:
Aeon uses the MailChimp marketing automation service to issue newsletters and occasional donation requests. Find out more about MailChimp’s Privacy Policy and Terms .
Aeon uses the Help Scout help-desk software to respond to donor or reader enquiries. Find out more about how Help Scout protects your security here .
Aeon uses Xero accounting software for supplier and staff payments and billing. Find out more about how Xero protects your security here .
When you donate to Aeon 
We do not retain or use any credit card or other financial account information on our servers. That information is conveyed to third-party payment services and is used only to clear the payment for your donation. Aeon uses Stripe to process secure payments online. Find out more about how Stripe protects your privacy and security . We also accept donations via PayPal. Find out more about how PayPal protects your privacy and security .
See also Terms and Conditions for recurring monthly or annual donations as part of our Friends of Aeon program.
When you subscribe to our email newsletters 
By clicking ‘Subscribe’ you agree to the following: 
We will use the email address you provide to send you a daily and/or weekly email (depending on your selection). We also send occasional donation requests and, no more than once a year, reader surveys. 
The email address/es you provide will be transferred to our external marketing automation service ‘MailChimp’ for processing in accordance with their Privacy Policy and Terms . We use MailChimp to issue our newsletters, donation requests and reader surveys. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for, the conduct, practices or privacy policies of MailChimp. 
Unsubscribing 
You can change your mind at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe link’ in the footer of emails you receive from us, or by contacting us at support@aeon.co. If you want to review and correct the personal information we have about you, you can click on ‘update preferences’ in the footer of emails you receive from us, or by contacting us at support@aeon.co.
5. How we protect the information we collect 
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. We have taken reasonable measures to protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse or unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. No physical or electronic security system is impenetrable however and you should take your own precautions to protect the security of any personally identifiable information you transmit. We cannot guarantee that the personal information you supply will not be intercepted while transmitted to us or third-party service providers. 
Sharing your personal information 
We will not disclose your personal information except; (1) as described by this Privacy Policy (2) after obtaining your permission to a specific use or disclosure or (3) if we are required do so by a valid legal process or government request (such as a court order, a search warrant, a subpoena, a civil discovery request, or a statutory requirement). We will retain your information for as long as needed in light of the purposes for which it was obtained or to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements. 
Data transfer 
This website is published in Australia. If you are located in a country outside of Australia and voluntarily submit personally identifiable information to us, you should be aware that information about you will be transferred to Australia. We attempt to comply with local data protection laws to the extent that they may apply to Aeon Media Group Ltd’s services. 
Children’s privacy  
Our website is not directed at children under the age of 16 and we do not knowingly collect or maintain information from those we know are younger than 16. If you are younger than 16, you should not submit or post any personally identifiable information to our website. 
6. Access to your personal information 
You may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by submitting a written request to support@aeon.co. We may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address you use to send us the request. We will try and respond to your request as soon as reasonably practical. When you receive the information, if you think any of it is wrong or out of date, you can ask us to change or delete it for you. 
If you have a Friends of Aeon user account you can change your user name or password or other information you have voluntarily input directly from your user account by clicking on the ‘edit profile’ tab on your profile page. 
We take all reasonable steps to ensure the information held is accurate, up-to-date, complete, relevant and not misleading. 
7. Contact us 
If you have any questions about our privacy policy or our use of your information, please contact us at support@aeon.co.
