IT transformation solutions that use the right mix of technologies, partners, services, and financial models to help you thrive by making the impossible not so impossible.
Find and connect with partners and authorized resellers, buy directly from HPE, or explore financing options.
How to Buy
Find and connect with partners and authorised resellers, buy directly from HPE, or explore financing options.
Services
Insights
The latest insights and resources to help IT pros shape the future.
HPE Global Master Privacy Policy
The HPE Global Master Privacy Policy articulates the general privacy and data protection principles followed by HPE around the world with regards to the personal data of its customers, partners, current and former employees, contingent workers, contractors, applicants and current or former members of the Board of Directors (“covered individuals”).
Introduction
 
 
Scope
This HPE Global Master Privacy Policy applies to the collection, storage, processing, transfer, and use of personal data concerning covered individuals, except where the contract with a covered individual defines different requirements or applicable law imposes additional obligations on HPE.  
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable living individual or as otherwise defined by applicable law. Sensitive personal information is that which, in cases of misuse, may cause unlawful or arbitrary discrimination or other serious risk to the individual. In particular, sensitive personal data can include special categories of data which means data relating to a person's racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, health data or data concerning a person's sex life or sexual orientation .
Personal data may be collected from covered individuals through a variety of means, including, as examples, websites, ordering channels, and sales, service or employment processes. HPE may also obtain personal data about individuals from other publicly or commercially available sources we deem credible.
All HPE employees, board members, and contracted parties working on behalf of HPE must comply with these policies, even if local law is less restrictive. Specific practices are tailored to meet the legal, regulatory, and cultural requirements of the countries and regions where HPE operates.
Our General Privacy Principles
 
HPE collects and processes personal data fairly and lawfully.
HPE processes personal data based on consent, to meet contractual obligations, for the legitimate purposes of operating our business, to comply with legal obligations, or otherwise in accordance with applicable law. HPE recognizes that additional care is required to justify the processing of any sensitive or special categories of data and we will ensure that we have an appropriate lawful basis to justify our use of this type of data  (for instance where this is necessary to meet employment law obligations).
HPE does not sell, rent, or lease personal information of covered individuals.
 
Transparency & Purpose Limitation
HPE is transparent and provides notice and where required or appropriate choice to individuals regarding the type of personal data collected and its intended uses.
HPE reviews the purposes for which personal data is to be collected from covered individuals to ensure that our data collection supports reasonable business requirements and is proportionate to our needs.
 
Data Access & Rights
HPE provides individuals with reasonable access to the personal data it holds about them and the ability to review and correct it, as applicable.
HPE respects individuals’ legal rights in relation to their personal data, as applicable (e.g. rights to object to certain types of processing activity or to erase certain types of data.
Data Integrity
HPE takes reasonable steps to ensure that all applicable personal data is accurate and adequate, relevant and limited to what is necessary for the purposes for which it is collected
 
Data Security
HPE is committed to implement appropriate security controls to protect personal data against unauthorized use or disclosure.
 
Data Sharing & Onward Transfer
HPE does not disclose personal data about individuals to third parties unless those third parties commit to give the data the equivalent level of protection that HPE provides or as required by applicable laws and industry standard guidelines.
 
Accountability
 
We are committed to resolving any concerns regarding personal data. HPE addresses complaints or disputes regarding personal data promptly and courteously.
 
 
 
