Search
Although the U.S. Constitution does not explicitly protect privacy, the right is commonly regarded as created by certain provisions, particularly the First, Fourth, and Fifth amendments . The Fourth Amendment prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures; the First and Fifth include privacy protections in that they focus not on what the government may do but rather on the individual’s freedom to be autonomous .
The rights of privacy were initially interpreted to include only protection against tangible intrusions resulting in measurable injury. After publication of an influential article by Justice Brandeis and Samuel Warren, “The Right to Privacy,” in the Harvard Law Review in 1890, however, the federal courts began to explore various constitutional principles that today are regarded as constituent elements of a constitutional right to privacy. For example, in 1923 the Supreme Court struck down a Nebraska law prohibiting schools from teaching any language other than English, saying the law interfered with the rights of personal autonomy . In 1965 the Supreme Court held that the federal Constitution included an implied right of privacy. In that case, Griswold v. Connecticut, the court invalidated a law prohibiting the use of contraceptives, even by married persons. Justice William O. Douglas , writing for the court, stated that there is a “zone of privacy” within a “penumbra” created by fundamental constitutional guarantees, including the First, Fourth, and Fifth amendments. The Supreme Court extended this right to privacy to sexual relationships in 2003, striking down a Texas law criminalizing sodomy .
The “right to be left alone” also has been extended to provide the individual with at least some control over information about himself, including files kept by schools, employers, credit bureaus, and government agencies. Under the U.S. Privacy Act of 1974, individuals are guaranteed access to many government files pertaining to themselves, and the agencies of government that maintain such files are prohibited from disclosing personal information except under court order and certain other limited circumstances. In 2001 the USA PATRIOT Act (formally, the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001) granted federal police agencies the authority to search the business records of individuals it suspected of involvement in terrorism, including their library records. Modern technology, giving rise to electronic eavesdropping , and the practices of industrial espionage have complicated the problem of maintaining a right of privacy in both tort and constitutional law.
Learn More in these related Britannica articles:
9 references found in Britannica articles
Assorted References
major reference
Articles from Britannica Encyclopedias for elementary and high school students.
Corrections? Updates? Help us improve this article! Contact our editors with your feedback.
Rights of privacy
Error when sending the email. Try again later.
Edit Mode
Tips For Editing
We welcome suggested improvements to any of our articles. You can make it easier for us to review and, hopefully, publish your contribution by keeping a few points in mind.
Encyclopædia Britannica articles are written in a neutral objective tone for a general audience.
You may find it helpful to search within the site to see how similar or related subjects are covered.
Any text you add should be original, not copied from other sources.
At the bottom of the article, feel free to list any sources that support your changes, so that we can fully understand their context. (Internet URLs are the best.)
Your contribution may be further edited by our staff, and its publication is subject to our final approval. Unfortunately, our editorial approach may not be able to accommodate all contributions.
Submit
Thank You for Your Contribution!
Our editors will review what you've submitted, and if it meets our criteria, we'll add it to the article.
Please note that our editors may make some formatting changes or correct spelling or grammatical errors, and may also contact you if any clarifications are needed.
Uh Oh
There was a problem with your submission. Please try again later.
Close
Feedback
Feedback
Corrections? Updates? Omissions? Let us know if you have suggestions to improve this article         (requires login).
Select feedback type:
Submit Feedback
If you prefer to suggest your own revision of the article, you can go to edit mode (requires login).
Thank you for your feedback
Our editors will review what you’ve submitted and determine whether to revise the article.
Download our free Chrome extension, Britannica Insights.
Facts matter and Britannica Insights makes it easier to find them.
