Office Hours
Varies by location. Please see DMV Service Locations under About DMV.
Phone: (202) 737-4404
This is the DC DMV privacy policy regarding the nature, purpose, use, and sharing of any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) collected by our agency.  Our privacy policy explains our information practices when you provide PII to us, whether collected in-person, online, by email, or by mail. PII includes your name, social security number, email, home address, phone numbers, or other information that identifies you personally. 
The PII you provide to DC DMV will be used only for its intended purpose. We will protect your information consistent with the Fair Information Practice Principles and the Driver Privacy Protection Act (DC Official Code §50-1401.01b and 18 USC §2721, et seq.), which is the framework for our privacy policy.  We also follow the District Government-wide policies as they relate to email use, Internet access and use, social media access and use, and information security, all of which you can find at the link below to the DC Government website:
The Fair Information Practices Principles
Collection Limitation Principle.  DC DMV collects the minimum personal data necessary for the licensing/identification of DC residents and registration of vehicles in accordance with our mission.
Data Quality and Integrity Principle. DC DMV only collects personal data that are relevant to the purpose for which they are to be used (i.e., licensing/identification and vehicle registration), and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, we strive to ensure the data are accurate, complete, and kept up-to-date.
Purpose Specification Principle. Prior to collecting data, DC DMV indicates the purpose for which the personal data are being collected.  DC DMV is also committed to not using the data for unauthorized purposes. 
Use Limitation Principle. DC DMV collects and uses personal data necessary for the licensing/ identification of DC residents and registration of vehicles in accordance with our mission.  We also provide data as authorized by law such as voting, organ donation, selective service, jury duty, and law enforcement requests.  Additional authorizations are covered by the Driver Privacy Protection Act.
Security Safeguards Principle. Personal data collected by DC DMV are protected by reasonable security safeguards against such risks as loss or unauthorized access, destruction, misuse, modification or disclosure of data.
Openness/Transparency Principle. DC DMV has a general policy of openness about developments, practices, and policies with respect to personal data, in terms of collection, use, dissemination, and maintenance.
Individual Participation Principle. An individual who provides DC DMV with personal data has the right to determine what personal data DC DMV has recorded for the individual, to access the data, and to correct information the individual believes is erroneous.
Accountability and Auditing Principle.  DC DMV is accountable for complying with measures that give effect to the principles stated above, including the auditing of the use of personal data. DC DMV employees are also trained on the use/privacy of personal data.
Privacy Policy Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding the DC DMV privacy policy or the use of your information, please email us at:
Office of Service Integrity
