By accessing and using our website or other services, you are agreeing to the terms of this policy. Please do read this carefully so you know what we are doing with your information. We may update this cookie policy from time to time and will post any changes on our website so it’s a good idea to come back occasionally and read through it again.
What Information do we collect?
We collect two types of information from you on our websites, via email, and through our service providers and distribution partners. Personal Information is information that identifies you personally, such as your name and email address.
When you make an enquiry, we ask for basic information including your name and email address and your location.
When you visit our website our web server automatically recognizes and collects your IP address, which is assigned by your Internet Service Provider and does not identify you personally.
In some instances we may also ask for other Information such as demographic data, including your country of residence, gender, age, travel habits, etc. We also use cookies (see below) to collect information about the performance and usability of our websites.
How Do We Use and Disclose your Personal Information
We use your personal information in the following ways:
To provide you with the information you request about our products
To send you email marketing messages and information
To fullfil your bookings
To confirm your purchases
To measure and track demographic details about our customers
To target content on our website to more closely match your interests
To target the appropriate content for email marketing messages to better match your interests
We will provide you with choices regarding the use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. Some of the Personal Information we collect is shared with our service partners  who are directly involved in fulfilling the purchases you have made from us. We only provide our service providers with your name and your local contact details, if you provide them (e.g., your hotel name for pick-ups and drop-offs, your local phone number, your mobile phone number, etc.) We do not provide our service providers with any other Personal Information. If you decide to provide any Personal Information directly to a service provider, we recommend that you review the service provider’s privacy policy to determine how such service provider may use or disclose your Personal Information.
We also share your Personal Information with third parties contracted to provide us with marketing and data reporting services who are bound by an obligation of confidentiality and with other third-party marketing partners.
We may also use or disclose Personal Information as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public or government authorities, including public or government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, or that of our affiliates, you or others; or (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
We may use and disclose Other Information for any purpose. In some instances, we may combine Other Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your geographical location). If we combine any Other Information with Personal Information, the combined information will be treated by us as Personal Information, as long as it is so combined.
Email Communications You Can Expect to Receive from Us
We may send to you marketing emails with information about product news and other special promotions that we believe that you will find valuable, interesting or informative. We will provide you with choices regarding our use of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. If you are no longer interested in receiving future email marketing communications from us you may unsubscribe at any time by following the directions and link included in each email marketing message we send.
Please note that, even if you opt-out of receiving future marketing communications from us, we will continue to send to you emails regarding your purchases and bookings, and regarding administrative information such as changes to our terms, conditions and policies. If you make a booking, we may also send you information about new products, or ask your opinion about our websites, etc., so that we may improve our service to you and other consumers.
Our Distribution Partners and Suppliers
Our products are made available through our third-party distribution partners and suppliers. Our distribution partners and suppliers may have privacy policies that differ from our Privacy Policy.
You should also be aware that some product or tour suppliers and some of our distribution partners may need additional Personal or Other Information (such as health or physical fitness information) to determine whether you can participate in an activity. You should read and rely upon the relevant supplier’s or partner’s Privacy Policy only (and not our Privacy Policy), if we do not collect this information from you directly.
Some suppliers or distribution partners may operate in countries or states that do not have laws or regulations for the protection and safeguarding of Personal Information. We seek to take reasonable steps to persuade all its suppliers and distribution partners to adopt and adhere to privacy policies that are substantially similar to this one. However, please be aware that we are not in a position to force adherence, so we will rely on you and our other Customers to inform us if your privacy is not being adequately protected by our suppliers or distribution partners. We may then seek to take steps (including severing its relationship with offending suppliers or distribution partners) to help prevent other occurrences.
Our Security and Storage Measures
We seek to maintain the integrity and security of your Personal Information. We use industry-standard encryption protocols when receiving and transferring your Personal Information. In fact, when you send Personal Information to us over the Internet, we first require that a “secure session” be established using Secure Socket Layer (SSL).
We seek to store your Personal Information in secure operating environments that are not accessible to the general public, and to have security measures in place at our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your Personal Information by our employees or third parties.
However, no data transmission over the Internet or data storage environment can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot give an absolute assurance that the information you provide to us will be secure at all times. We will not be held responsible for events arising from unauthorized access to your Personal Information. We will rely on you telling us if you experience any unusual events that may indicate a breach in your information security. We will then seek to investigate whether the security breach was related to the data transmissions from or to us and let you know what steps can be taken and have been taken to help rectify the problem. Further action, such as reporting incidents to the police or other proper authorities, may also be required.
Cookie Policy – What are Cookies?
Cookies are small files of letters and numbers. These files are either stored in the memory of your computer or other device such as mobile phones or tablet devices (these cookies are generally known as session cookies) or are placed on the hard drive of your device (generally known as persistent cookies).
Cookies are created when you visit a website that uses cookies. Cookies are commonly used by websites to help the user’s browsing experience and provide more information about the user’s experience and interests. This information is generally used to make content, services and advertising more relevant and useful during future visits.
For more details about cookies and details of how to delete and disable cookies you can visit www.aboutcookies.org and also see our section on more information and turning cookies off below.
How do we use cookies?
Our websites use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our websites and to provide increased functionality when you are using our websites. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our websites and also allows us to improve our websites and our services.
Unless you have adjusted your browser settings to refuse cookies, our systems will issue cookies as soon you visit our websites or access other services. If you have switched off cookies then some of the functionality of our services may not be available to you.
The cookies that we use only collect anonymous information to optimise our services, and do not collect personal information.
Please note that not all the cookies on our sites are set by us. Please see the section below on third party cookies.
What cookies are on our websites?
The cookies on our websites generally fall into the following categories:
(1) functional and analytical cookies; and
(2) cookies to help make advertising more relevant to our users.
Functional and analytical cookies
Analytical cookies
Analytical cookies allow us to recognise and to count the number of visitors to our website, to see how visitors move around the website when they are using it and to record which content viewers view and are interested in. This helps us to determine how frequently particular pages and advertisements are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website and/or services. This helps us to improve the service which we offer to you by helping us make sure our users are finding the information they are looking for, by providing anonymised demographic data to third parties in order to target advertising more appropriately to you, and by tracking the success of advertising campaigns on our website.
Functional cookies
Functional cookies relate to the functionality of our websites and allow us to improve the service we offer to you through our websites, for example:
by remembering the contents of your shopping basket
by allowing you to carry information across pages of our website to avoid you having to re-enter information;
to allow you to access stored information if you have registered with us;
by recognising your preferences when you return to our website(s);
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We know that our business will continue to evolve as we introduce new products, and, as such, from time to time this Privacy Policy may be reviewed and revised.
We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy by posting the changes on our website.
Win a $1,000 Travel Scholarship!
 
×
ECEI is the official travel provider for People to People International Travel Programs
Contact
