UPDATED on June 1, 2018
Our postal address is:
San Ramon, CA 94583
Soap Hub (“SoapHub,” “we,” or “us”) provides a network of engaging content sites and e-mail newsletters relating to a variety of lifestyle topics such as diet and fitness, food and recipes, entertainment, and self-assessment tests. This Privacy Policy explains what information is collected about you, how information about you is collected, how your information is secured, and how your information is used and disclosed by Soap Hub and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies when you interact with one of our newsletters or websites, including soaphub.com.
This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use or interact with a website or newsletter that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”) or when you otherwise interact with us. This Privacy Policy does not apply when you leave our Services or go to our advertisers’ practices.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Personal Information
Our Services offer you different opportunities to provide personal information. For example, you may provide personal information in order to receive daily newsletters, to enter a contest, to complete a self-assessment, to complete a survey, or to use other features of our Services. The personal information we collect may include name, email address, phone number, postal address, and other information you provide to us, including as follows:
Newsletters: Our Services offer you the chance to subscribe to one or more newsletters by submitting your  name and email address and selecting the newsletter(s) you would like to receive. For information about how to unsubscribe or change your email address, please see the “Choices” Section below.
Contests: In order to participate in certain contests, you may be asked to provide additional personal information, including your name, email address, mailing address, gender, date of birth, and phone number.
Quizzes and Surveys: Our Services may allow you to take quizzes or participate in surveys in which you may be asked information about yourself, your lifestyle, and certain health or fitness conditions.
Send-to-a-Friend: If you elect to use the “Send-To-A-Friend” service on the Site, we will ask for your friend’s name(s) and e-mail address(es). We will automatically send a one-time e-mail inviting your friend(s) to visit the Services. We will use this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time e-mail and the user data is not stored or saved.
User Reviews: Our Services may allow you to post reviews or content. Please note that the reviews or any other information you provide that is placed on the Services will be available for any user to read, and is not private.
Contact Us: If you are a publisher or advertiser interested in working with us, we may collect your name, company information, email, and phone number.
Automatically-Collected Information
In addition to the personal information we collect when you provide such information, we also automatically collect certain information from visitors to our Services. This non-personal information does not identify you and includes:
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser and device you use to access the Services, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, your geographic location, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We and our partners use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular, and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services and help deliver cookies, count visits and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and to provide analytics services. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and by others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites and better understand your online activity. For more information about the advertising and data entities that collect information about you on our site, or to opt out of having your web browsing information collected and used for advertising purposes, please set and review your data consent preferences .
Information From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you access our Services using your Facebook account, we will have access to certain information from your public Facebook profile, including your name and account information, in accordance with your Facebook privacy settings and the authorization procedures determined by Facebook. In addition, we may append the personal information you provide with additional information from external sources in order to personalize newsletters, advertising, and other content and special offers.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We use the information we collect to provide, maintain, and improve the Services, provide and deliver you the content you requested, process contests and quizzes, and to communicate with you, such as to send you newsletters you have subscribed to and advertisements that we think would be of interest to you, to provide technical notices, and to respond to your comments and questions. We also use the information to monitor and analyze trends, to personalize the Services, and to carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.
Soap Hub is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
HOW WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you have requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
Certain information or services offered or provided on or through the Services may be provided in conjunction with or on behalf of third party providers, such as our advertising partners. When we offer these promotions, we share the information with the company sponsoring the offer or survey.
We provide the information to service providers who work on may use your personal information to help us or our partners communicate with you about offers from us and from our marketing partners. We contractually require these companies to use information only on our behalf and at our direction, and they do not have any independent right to share this information with other parties.
We disclose information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms of use or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Soap Hub or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and
With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we may also engage a data provider who may collect non-personal log data from you or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To view the different providers we use and opt-out of these data provider cookies, please set and review your data consent preferences .
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
HOW WE STORE AND SECURE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Storage and Processing
Your information collected by Soap Hub may be stored and processed in the United States, Europe, or any other country in which Soap Hub or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country to another around the world.
Protection and Security
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Retention
We only retain the personal information collected from a user for as long as the user’s account is active or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. User information is retained for a period of 10 years.
YOUR CHOICES
General Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Advertiser and Third Party Data Collection and Cookies
Various third-party advertising, data and analytics providers may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and website. To view the different ad and data providers we use, or to opt-out of having your web browsing information collected and used for advertising purposes, please set and review your data consent preferences .
Newsletters & E-Mail Offers
If you would like to unsubscribe to any of our newsletters or choose not to receive special offers from us, please refer to the instructions in the newsletters or special offer e-mails that you receive from us or visit our Unsubscribe Page . Alternatively, you can send us mail at: Soap Hub, 2440 Camino Ramon, suite 340. San Ramon CA 94583.
Information Access
You have the right to request access to the information we have about you.  See our contact information below to submit a request to access your information.  We will provide you with a copy of the data we have collected about you.  In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity. We will fulfill your request by sending a copy of your information electronically, unless your requests expressly specifies a different method.
Information Correction and Deletion
If you believe that the information we have about you is incorrect, you can contact us so that we can update it and keep your data accurate. Any data that is no longer needed for the purposes specified in What Information We Collect above, will be deleted.  If you wish for Soap Hub to delete or correct any information about you, please contact us using the contact information below.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Services may provide links to other websites or resources (“Linked Sites”). We do not control or endorse such Linked Sites nor have we reviewed or approved any content that appears on such Linked Sites. We are not responsible for the content of any Linked Sites, including a third party’s use of any cookies or any other information (such as IP address, browser type or operating system) collected when you click-through to their sites or view advertisements served by them. We strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of any websites you visit.
SOCIAL SHARING FEATURES
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button), which allow you to share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Site is not directed toward children under thirteen years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not use the Services or submit any personally identifiable information to us or to our partners. If you believe your child submitted personal information and would like it removed, please contact us at  [email protected]
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
IN THE EVENT OF NEW OWNERSHIP
If part or all the ownership of Soap Hub or any of its products or services are sold or transferred, your personal data will be transferred to the new owner.
INTERNATIONAL PRIVACY LAWS
If you are visiting the site our using one of our services from outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information (including personal information) to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside of your country of residence, depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. Our collection, storage and use of your information and personal information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy.
HOW TO CONTACT US
You can contact us at any time with questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or or information we have collected about you.
To contact us, please send postal mail to us at:  Soap Hub, 2440 Camino Ramon, suite 340. San Ramon CA 94583 USA or send an e-mail to  [email protected]
