Looking For Guidance on Homeowners Insurance?
Our home insurance checklist walks you through the ins and outs of buying home insurance — giving you confidence in your coverage.   
Need to File a Claim?
If you've already created an account, sign in to get started. If not, you'll need to create a My Account for 24/7 access to your claim.
Looking For Lower Premiums?
We’ll reward you for your safe habits. Get a 5% discount when you sign up for KnowYourDrive — the safer you drive, the better discount you can earn (up to 40%).
Dreams Foundation
Our next funding cycle will begin in February 2019. If you applied for a Community Grant in July, you can check the status of your application at the link below. Grant announcements will be made in December.
Access policy details 24/7
Stay informed with alerts
User Id is required.
Exit
Get To Know Us
#DreamFearlessly
User Id is required.
Access policy details 24/7
Stay informed with alerts
General Privacy Notice
The companies of American Family Insurance Group (see Company Identification ) recognize the importance of our customers’ trust. Keeping our customers’ personal information confidential is a top priority for all American Family Insurance employees, agents and staff. This notice, which is required by state and federal law, explains our privacy policies.
1. We safeguard, according to strict standards of security and confidentiality, nonpublic, personal information our customers share with us. "Nonpublic, personal information" includes your name, address, Social Security number and credit information. We maintain safeguards, physical and electronic, to protect this information. We conduct our business in a manner that keeps personal customer information secure.
2. We limit the collection and use of customer information to the minimum we require to deliver superior service and to administer our business. We collect personal information about customers from the following sources:
• From customers on insurance and loan applications and related forms;
• From your transactions with us, our affiliates or others;
• From consumer reporting agencies; and
• From your transactions with non-affiliated third parties.
3. It is our policy that only authorized American Family Insurance employees, agents and their staff who need to know your personal information will access and use it. American Family Insurance workers who violate our privacy policies are subject to a disciplinary process.
4. It is our policy not to share personal information on current and former customers outside American Family Insurance for any purpose other than the underwriting or administration of a customer’s policy/account, or for marketing additional American Family Insurance products, unless the disclosure has been authorized by the customer or is permitted or required by law.
5. Whenever we retain other organizations to provide support services on behalf of American Family Insurance, we require them to protect customers’ personal information.
6. To update your personal information, please contact your agent .
7. When necessary, we review and revise our privacy policies to protect personal customer information.
Security Policy
To help ensure the security of personal and financial information that you submit through this website, we use security software to encrypt the information during its transmission. We only allow information to be submitted for transmission if your browser is compatible with our security software. If your browser is not compatible, you will receive a message indicating your transaction cannot be completed because of the security risk.
American Family Insurance uses a secure server and security protocol to safeguard any information you provide. The secure server implements the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol to interact with you when you provide personal information. This technology sends your data through an encrypted tunnel via 128-bit encryption so a third party cannot read the information while in transit. All personal information stored by American Family Insurance is housed securely.
We also use JavaScript, so please enable JavaScript in your browser. We only utilize JavaScript to create more dynamic and user-friendly pages.
Web Cookie Policy
Web cookies are small computer files that a website places on an Internet user's computer to store basic information. As a general rule, cookies help website operators serve their users better and more quickly. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent. Session cookies exist only during an Internet user's online session. They do not collect information from a user's computer, and they typically store information only in the form of session identification. Session cookies are erased from a user's computer when the user closes the browser software. Persistent cookies remain on a user's computer after the browser has been closed, and are stored on a user's hard drive until they expire or until the user deletes the cookie. Persistent cookies are used to collect identifying information about a user, such as Web surfing behavior or user preferences for a specific website.
How We Use Web Cookies
When you interact with the American Family Insurance website, we strive to make your experience easy and meaningful. Our Web server uses both session and persistent cookies to improve your interaction with the Website, and to help us improve user experience. We use cookies to measure behavior on this website for usability purposes and to save choices made on some pages. The cookies used on this website do not identify you personally. Unless you choose to identify yourself voluntarily, they merely recognize your browser. You may choose to identify yourself to us by requesting a quote, by requesting more information on a product or service, or by completing one of several contact forms. Otherwise, you remain anonymous. Users who disable their Web browsers' ability to accept cookies can still browse this website. However, we encourage you to accept cookies (which can be set through your browser settings) so that we may take further strides in making this website easier to use.
Social and Mobile Policy
American Family Insurance may use common tracking to customize our websites, mobile applications and social media interactions to enhance your overall customer experience. Our mobile and social media applications may also collect non-personally identifiable demographic information (such as age, sex, and city/state location) about the users of each application. Prior to installation of any mobile or social application, you will see a statement describing what information is collected from your use of that particular application. Collection and use of this data is to provide you with more relevant content. You may choose to utilize your social media profile from select social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and other like-type social media sites to interact with us. By doing so, you specifically grant permission and authorize us to collect; store and use authorized personal information from these sites as indicated during the use and authorization process. To opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting,  you can go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices to opt-out. 
Email Policy
If you no longer wish to receive marketing or promotional emails from American Family, please click the Unsubscribe link included in these emails.
If you unsubscribe from marketing or promotional emails, we will continue to send transactional email messages for service and support, such as for My Account.
Email messages are not secure. Our security software does not encrypt email messages. Unencrypted email messages traveling through the Internet are potentially subject to viewing, alteration and copying by others.
Health Information Privacy Notice
We understand the personal nature of your medical information and are committed to protecting it. If you have an American Family health insurance policy, our policy administrator (American Enterprise Group Companies) provides you the following Notice of Privacy Practices for Health Information ,1 effective Jan. 1, 2013.
1 A PDF reader is required to open a PDF. American Family Insurance is not liable for any direct or indirect technical or system issues or consequences from your use of third-party technologies or programs accessible through our site.
