Thank you for reading VegasOdds.com (also referred to as Vegas Odds or VO). To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
We are committed to protecting your privacy and to developing technology that gives you the most powerful and secure online experience.
What Is Collected
VegasOdds.com may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, and features or resources we make available on our Site.
When you browse our website, you do so anonymously. We may log your IP address to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access and identify repeat visitors to our site.
Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of cookies is not linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
How We Use It
We may use your information for the following purposes:
To help us create and publish content that you will enjoy
To send periodic emails
Who We Share It With
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
VegasOdds.com may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Newsletters and Opt-In Forms
If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, picks, related products or service information, etc. We may use third-party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
We will not sell your information, and you are free to unsubscribe at any time.
Links and Third Party Sites
Offshore Sportsbooks will contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
VegasOdds.com has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us .
Featured News
Copyright © Vegas Odds. All rights reserved.
