Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways that HotNewsJournal (“Information Provider”, “we” or “our”) treats the information you provide while using hotnewsjournal.com (Website). It is our goal to bring you information that is tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, protect your privacy.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. You can access the Privacy Policy any time. Your use of and/or registration on any aspect of the Website will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you cannot agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere, including without limitation offline and on sites linked to from the Website.
In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our User Agreement. Your use of the Website constitutes agreement to its terms and conditions as well.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page, so check back often. Continued access of the Website by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
The Type of Information the Website Collects
If at any time the Website were to collect personally identifying information, such as your actual name, address, or telephone number, it would only be with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, if the Website began to offer sweepstakes, and you wish to participate, Service Provider may require personally identifiable information to contact you in case you win. Optional information such as your age or gender may also be requested.
Our servers may also automatically collect information about your computer when you visit the Website, including without limitation the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the website that referred you, and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. Your IP address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Information Provider, your company or your university.
How the Website Uses Information Provided by You
If you provide personally identifiable information, it will be used to provide you with the service you have requested. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.
We also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance or forums software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the site that may be managed or participated in by third parties. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While Service Provider will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, Service Provider does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.
In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, and to otherwise administer our Website. While your personally identifying information is used only as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.
Cookies
You may have read about “cookies,” nuggets of information that are placed by a Website in a storage place on your own computer. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the site, to deliver editorial content, and to record registration and personalization information. For example, if you register on any part of the Website and are given the option to save your user name and password on your computer, we can provide this convenience to you by placing a cookie on your computer. Our cookies may contain personally identifiable information and such cookies may be shared with our affiliates and other companies.
Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers.
We may also use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the Website. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Information Provider disclaims all liability in connection therewith.
If you don’t want any cookies, your Web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly.
Sign up for newsletter
Create an account for free access to an exclusive email newsletter delivering a selection of articles hand-picked by the editors (event updates, special offers and competitions)
First Name (required)
Last Name (required)
Email address (required)
This project is a collaboration of wellness and nutrition experts who gathered to share their experience. Our aim is to provide the readers with the most helpful content to make important life changes.
