Create GDPR Privacy Policy and other legal agreements
WP AutoTerms helps you create three of the most important legal pages your WordPress website needs using a simple wizard, such as a Privacy Policy, a Terms & Conditions agreement or a Cookies Policy.
You can also create your own legal pages and manage them through WP AutoTerms.
Compliance Kits
“Compliance Kits” can help you with certain legal compliance requirements:
Links to Legal Pages. Your legal pages must be visible and accessible to all users. Use this Kit and automatically insert the links to your legal pages in the footer section of your website.
Update Notices of Legal Pages. It is a best practice to inform users when you have updated your legal pages. After a legal page update, use this Kit to show an announcement bar for a limited time to inform your users.
Premium Features
GDPR Privacy Policy. Create a Privacy Policy with GDPR wording.
Cookies Notice. Among other things, the EU Cookies Directive law requires you to inform users that you use cookies through your website. Use this Kit to show an announcement bar to comply with some of the EU Cookies Directive requirements.
Currently, the Cookies Notice kit IS NOT a solution to load third party JS scripts. You can only use the kit to show a notice message to users.
Endorsements. You need to disclose if you have affiliate links on your website. Use this Kit to include a disclaimer at the end of your posts with affiliate links.
DISCLAIMER
WP AutoTerms is provided with the purpose of helping you with compliance. While we do our best to provide you useful information to use as a starting point, nothing can substitute professional legal advice in drafting your legal agreements and/or assisting you with compliance. We cannot guarantee any conformity with the law, which only a lawyer can do. We are not attorneys. We are not liable for any content, code, or other errors or omissions or inaccuracies. This plugin provides no warranties or guarantees. Nothing in this plugin, therefore, shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established. Please note that in some cases, depending on your legislation, further actions may be required to make your WordPress website compliant with the law.
Suggestions
We’re just getting started. Have a chat with us and let us know what you’d like to see added.
Screenshots
Manage all your legal pages
Installation
Installing the plugin is easy. Just follow these steps:
From the administration part of your site, navigate to Plugins -> Add New.
Select the “Upload Plugin” button and hit “Choose File.”
When the popup appears select the ZIP file from your desktop. (The ‘x.x.x’ in the archive file name will change depending on the current version number).
Follow the on-screen instructions and wait as the upload completes.
When the upload is finished, activate the plugin via the prompt. A message will show confirming a successful activation.
FAQ
Installing the plugin is easy. Just follow these steps:
From the administration part of your site, navigate to Plugins -> Add New.
Select the “Upload Plugin” button and hit “Choose File.”
When the popup appears select the ZIP file from your desktop. (The ‘x.x.x’ in the archive file name will change depending on the current version number).
Follow the on-screen instructions and wait as the upload completes.
When the upload is finished, activate the plugin via the prompt. A message will show confirming a successful activation.
Is WP AutoTerms free?
Yes! The core features of WP AutoTerms are and always will be free.
A premium license is available to purchase as a one-time fee if you’d like to upgrade WP AutoTerms toinclude more features:
Create Privacy Policy with GDPR wording
Include a Cookies Notice banner
Inform users of your affiliate links usage
What legal agreements can I create with WPAutoTerms?
You can create the following legal agreements with WPAutoTerms:
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
You also have the option to create your own custom legal page by selecting “Custom legal page” from the “Add Legal Page” menu.
How can I insert the links to my generated Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy?
With WP AutoTerms, you can automatically insert the links to your legal pages by enabling the “Links to Legal Pages” Kit.
You have the option to customize the links section to match your WordPress website theme: font, font color, text alignment and so on.
How can I inform my users that I have updated my legal pages?
The “Update Notices of Legal Pages” Kit from allows you to automatically inform users after you have updated your legal pages.
Simply enable the “Update Notices of Legal Pages” Kit and whenever you will update your legal pages, WP AutoTerms will show an announcement bar through your website for a limited time.
How can I inform users that my website uses cookies?
One of the requirements of the EU Cookies Directive is to inform users about the use of cookies through your website.
The “Cookies Notice” Kit (available only under a WP AutoTerms Premium license) helps you show an announcement bar through your WordPress website that can be used to comply with the EU Cookies Directive.
Currently, the Cookies Notice kit IS NOT a solution to load your third party JS scripts. You can only use the kit to show a notice message to users.
How can I add a disclaimer at the end of my post when I have affiliate links?
You can use the “Endorsements” Kit (available only under a WP AutoTerms Premium license) to automatically add a custom disclaimer at the end of every post or on certain posts; for example, if the post has the tag “disclaimer”.
You can use this disclaimer to inform users that your post and/or your website has affiliate links and disclose more information about your affiliate relationships with third parties.
Reviews
Stay away!
Contributors & Developers
“Auto Terms of Service and Privacy Policy (WP AutoTerms)” is open source software. The following people have contributed to this plugin.
Contributors
Interested in development?
Changelog
Version 2.1.5
Version 2.1.4
Allow to change the legal page slug
Allow to change Page Template for created legal pages through Page Attributes widget
Version 2.1.3
Use a new type of contact form
Version 2.1.2
Version 2.1.0
Update to version 2.0.0
Complete revamp of Auto Terms of Service and Privacy Policy plugin into our new WP AutoTerms plugin
Compatibility with Auto Terms of Service and Privacy Policy 1.8.2
Version 1.8.2
Update Freemius from version 1.2.1.5 to 1.2.1.6.1
Changed license from “GPL version 2 or any later version” to “GPL version 3 or any later version”. See GNU.org’s Why Upgrade to GPLv3 and Creative Commons’ Compatible Licenses for details.
Version 1.8
Updated plugin compatibility to WordPress 4.7
Version 1.7
September 30, 2015
Now all plugin settings page fields can include apostrophes (‘). Just don’t use double-quotes (“).
Added Text Domain to plugin’s header
Updated plugin compatibility from WordPress 4.3 to 4.3.1
No Version Update
September 14, 2015
Moved screenshot files from trunk to assets so .zip is smaller (i.e. faster updates and no actual plugin changes).
Version 1.6
April 27, 2015
Added filters: before and after TOS heading and PP heading; end of TOS and end of PP. Allows you to add custom text via Child Theme functions.php or a Functionality Plugin.
Refactored code (more OOP / use of functions).
Moved ‘Back To Top’ links to end of TOS and PP instead of immediately after each heading.
Changed TOS and PP main headings from ‘h3’ to ‘h2’.
Replaced ‘hr’ with formatted ‘div’. Override color and height of 1px black line by adding more specific CSS. For example, div.auto-tos-pp-separator{ border-bottom-color: green !important; border-bottom-width: 10px !important; }
Added HTML comment with plugin version number and which shortcode is used to assist with potential support requests.
Added protection from calling plugin PHP file directly.
WordPress compatibility version bump. Tested with WordPress version 4.3-alpha-32297
Added ‘Upgrade Notice’ section to plugin description.
Version 1.5
April 26, 2015
Shortcode output is now valid for both HTML 4.01 Strict and HTML 5. Changed anchor links from ‘a name’ to ‘h3 id’ to validate as HTML 5.
Version 1.4.4
Updated screenshot for the “coming soon” text.
Version 1.4.3
April 28, 2014
Fix for “Possessive Name” not displaying accurately in settings page due to apostrophe. However, the value with the apostrophe was saved properly, and the Possessive Name was displayed properly for users on the front-end.
Added direct link to Settings page from Plugins page
Version 1.4.2
February 13, 2014
Added class=’auto-tos-pp’ (and additional classes) to main headings, horizontal lines, and Back to Top links — could use .auto-tos-pp { display:none; } to not show things
Version 1.4.1
Updated plugin’s description
Hyperlinked to plugin’s settings page for shortcode output (when appropriate)
Version 1.4
February 12, 2014
Added plugin settings page so you don’t have to edit the plugin’s actual code.
Added link back to the table of contents (to the top) for the [my_terms_of_service_and_privacy_policy] shortcode.
Privacy Policy edited in line with Automattic’s –> September 18, 2013: Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left.
Version: 1.3.2012.12.29
Fixed 2 more hard-coded references to “WordPress” within that same paragraph. That should be all of them now.
Version: 1.2.2012.12.29
Checked WordPress’ Terms of Service and Privacy Policy for updates, and there weren’t any changes since this plugin’s creation.
Version: 1.1.2012.12.28
Changed shortcodes to return instead of echo, to fix the shortcode display issue. Thanks to birgire .
Fixed link anchor text to use the name specified in the settings, to fix the issue of displaying hard coded “Terms of Use” and “Privacy Policy” anchor text in the table of contents for the [my_terms_of_service_and_privacy_policy] shortcode.
Version: 1.0.2012.09.12
Initial release.
Active installations: 100,000+
Tested up to: 4.9.8
Tags:
11 out of 11
