Get an additional $25 discount on
your next stay
Or
Create an Account
Please finish creating your free account to see this and other exclusive discounts and manage your hotel bookings.
Log In
your next stay
You will receive an email with a link to verify your email account shortly. You must verify your email before you can login.
Privacy Policy
ReservationDesk.com’s Privacy Policy was updated on September 26, 2016.
Thanks for using ReservationDesk.com. We’ve developed a policy that explains how and why we use the information that comes through our site. It applies to the services available through the ReservationDesk.com website, its mobile site, and all other applications and online communications, which we refer to as our “Site” in this policy. We respect your expectations and take your privacy seriously.
The Basics
We will not ask you for information that does not have a purpose. Whether you travel the web or travel the world, ReservationDesk.com wants you to always be safe!
By visiting our Site, you are consenting to the collection, use, disclosure, storage, transfer and processing of your personal data described in this policy. Our Site includes links to other websites and online services whose privacy practices may differ from those of ReservationDesk.com. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit or online services you use.
Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices.
Information We Collect
We collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") about you that you provide to us while using the Site. Personal Data includes information that can identify you as a specific individual, such as your name, address, phone number, credit card number or e-mail address. We also collect non-personally identifiable information, including your IP address, search preferences related to specific searches, location, and bids through your interactions with our Site. When we link non-personally identifiable information with Personal Data, we will treat it as Personal Data under this Privacy Policy.
The Site also includes Social Media Features and Widgets, such as Facebook, Google Plus, Twitter, and YouTube. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
We also may periodically obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from affiliated entities, business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to our account information. Examples of information we may receive include: updated delivery and address information, purchase history, and demographic information.
We automatically collect some information about your computer when you visit this website. For example, we will collect your IP address, web browser software (such as Firefox, Safari, or Internet Explorer), and referring website. We also may collect information about your online activity, such as hotels viewed and bookings made.
Our goals in collecting this automatic information include helping understand your needs, customize your user experience and interaction with our Site, and inhibiting fraud.
How We Protect Your Personal Data
We want you to feel confident about using our site to make travel arrangements, and we are committed to protecting the information we collect. While no website can guarantee security, we have implemented appropriate administrative, technical, and physical security procedures to help protect the personal information you provide to us. For example, only authorized employees are permitted to access personal information, and they may only do so for permitted business functions. In addition, we use encryption when transmitting your sensitive personal information between your system and ours, and we employ firewalls and intrusion detection systems to help prevent unauthorized persons from gaining access to your information.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use sensitive billing information (such as cardholder name, credit card number, and expiration date) for the purpose of completing the travel bookings you conduct on our Site. We use other information about you for the following general purposes: to provide you with the products and services you request; to provide you with travel confirmation and updates; to manage your account, including processing bills and providing travel notifications; to communicate with you in general; to respond to your questions and comments; to measure interest in and improve our products, services, and website; to notify you about special offers and products or services that may be of interest to you; to otherwise customize your experience with this website; to solicit information from you, including through surveys; to resolve disputes, collect fees, or troubleshoot problems; to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; to enforce our Terms of Use; and as otherwise described to you at the point of collection.
Sharing Your Personal Data
 
Suppliers, such as hotels, online travel agencies, and hotel wholesalers, who fulfill your travel reservations. Throughout this Site, all services provided by a third-party supplier are described as such. By making a reservation through this Site, you are authorizing us to disclose to suppliers the information required to complete the booking and deliver the related travel. These suppliers are not controlled by ReservationDesk.com and personal information disclosed to them is subject to the applicable supplier's privacy policy and security practices. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through this Site.
Third-party vendors who provide services or functions on our behalf, including credit card processing, business analytics, customer service, marketing, distribution of surveys or sweepstakes programs, and fraud prevention. We may also authorize third-party vendors to collect information on our behalf, including as necessary to operate features of our website or to facilitate the delivery of online advertising tailored to your interests. Third-party vendors have access to and may collect information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose. They are also required to follow the same data security practices that we ourselves adhere to.
Business partners with whom we may jointly offer products or services, or whose products or services may be offered on our website. You can tell when a third party is involved in a product or service you have requested because their name will appear, either alone or with ours. If you choose to access these optional services, we may share information about you, including your personal information, with those partners. Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third-party business partners.
Referring websites. If you were referred to this website from another site(for example, through a link you clicked on another Site that directed you to this one), we may share some information about you with that referring website. We have not placed limitations on the referring websites use of your personal information and we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any website that referred you here.
 
 
In response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases we reserve the right to raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe it is appropriate to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our company or this website, our customers, or others; and in connection with our Terms of Service and other agreements.
 
We also may share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties, including advertisers and investors. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors our Site receives or the most popular hotels and vacation destinations. This information does not contain any personal information and is used to develop content and services we hope you will find of interest.
Cookies and Other Technologies
 
Cookies and similar tracking technologies, such as beacons, scripts, and tags, are small bits of code, usually stored on a user's computer hard drive or device, which enable a website to "personalize" itself for each user by remembering information about the user's visit to the website.
As described in more detail below, our Site uses cookies to store your preferences, display content based upon what you view on our Site to personalize your visit, analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movements around the Site, serve targeted advertising and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. On mobile websites and mobile apps, we may use Anonymous Device IDs and/or Advertiser Identifiers in a manner similar to our use of cookies on our websites. To opt-out of advertising and certain other cookies, please see the opt-out links below.
ReservationDesk.com Cookies (First Party Cookies): ReservationDesk.com uses its cookies to improve your web-browsing experience. We will also use a cookie to keep track of your search criteria while you are engaging ReservationDesk.com’s services. ReservationDesk.com cookies are associated with a user's Personal Data. However, no third party, other than companies in our corporate family, may use the information we collect through our ReservationDesk.com cookies for their own purposes.
 
Ad Targeting:We work with third-party advertising companies to serve ads while you are visiting our Site and permit these companies to place and access their own cookies on your computer in the course of serving advertisements on this Site. These companies may use information obtained through their cookie (which does not include your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number) about your visits to our and other websites, in combination with non-personally identifiable information about your purchases and interests from other online Sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not ours. Data Providers: We also allow data providers to collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), when you visit our Site, or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with data providers solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
Analytics/Measurement:We also use third-party analytics cookies to gain insight into how our visitors use the Site, to find out what works and what doesn't, to optimize and improve our websites and to ensure we continue to be interesting and relevant. The data we gather includes which web pages you have viewed, which referring/exit pages you have entered and left from, which platform type you have used, date and time stamp information and details such as the number of clicks you make on a given page, your mouse movements and scrolling activity, the search words you use and the text you type while using our Site. We also make use of analytics cookies as part of our online advertising campaigns to learn how users interact with our website after they have been shown an online advertisement, which may include advertisements on third-party websites.
Remarketing Pixel Tags:In addition, we may share Site usage information about visitors to our Sites with third-party advertising companies for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements and for market research analysis on our Site and other sites. For these purposes, we and our third-party advertising companies may place pixel tags (also called clear gifs) on some of the pages you visit on our Site. We will then use the non-personally identifiable information that is collected using these pixel tags to serve you relevant advertisements when you are visiting other Sites on the Internet. These advertisements may be targeted to specific searches you conducted on ReservationDesk.com during earlier browsing sessions.
 
 
If you would like to opt-out of ad targeting cookies set by Google and Doubleclick on our Site, please  click here .
If you would like to disable the display of advertisements served by Criteo, please  click here .
If you would like to generally (i.e. not just for this Site) opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website or  click here . If you are located in the European Union, please click here to opt out.
In order to control the collection of data for analytical purposes by Google Analytics, you may want to visit the following link:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
 
Mobile Devices
Anonymous Device Identifiers and Hashed IDs: We and/or data providers that we have engaged may collect and store a unique identifier matched to your mobile device, in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use applications or surf the internet, or to identify you in a unique manner across other devices or browsers. In order to customize these ads or content, we or a data partner may collect de-identified demographic or other data about you (received from third parties) either to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, or to data passively collected from you, such as your device identifier or IP address. However, we will share your email address and/or mobile phone number solely in hashed, non-human readable form.
If you no longer wish to receive interest-based advertising on your mobile device browser or applications, please refer to your device’s operating system settings, or follow instructions below.
Android Users (version 2.3 and above): To use the "opt-out of interest-based advertising" option, follow the instructions provided by Google here:  Google Play Help .
iOS users (version 6 and above): To use the "Limit Ad-Tracking" option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here:  Apple Support Center
Please keep in mind that, without cookies, you may not have access to certain features on our Site, including access to your profile/account and certain personalized content. Removing all cookies from your computer could also affect your subsequent visits to certain web Sites, including the ReservationDesk.com web Site.
Children’s Privacy
This is a general audience website and does not offer services directed to children. Should a child whom we know to be under 13 send personal information to us, we will use that information only to respond directly to that child to inform him or her that we must have parental consent before receiving his or her personal information.
Changes To The Privacy Policy
On occasion, ReservationDesk.com may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in the law, our Personal Data collection and use practices, the features of our Site, or advances in technology. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a prominent notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, concerns or comments, please  click here . ReservationDesk.com is a website owned, maintained, and operated by TravelPASS Group, LLC and is located at 2961 West Maple Loop Drive, Suite 300, Lehi, Utah 84043.
Talk with a support agent.  Our number is toll-free.  Our agents are friendly, and available 24/7.
Subject*
Message*
Attach a File - (Please browse one of '.jpg, .png, .gif, .bmp, .pdf, .doc, .docx, .txt' file formats.)
Choose FileNo file chosen
Our customer support agents are standing by and will back to you as soon a possible.
Your message will be sent to: support@reservationdesk.com
MEDIA INQUIRIES
If you are a media professional with a question about ReservationDesk, please contact us here: news@reservationdesk.com
CUSTOMER CARE
Help me make a reservation
Chat with us or give us a call, and we can help you through the reservation process.
FAQs
We can make some updates or corrections to our sites, but we are limited because we use the information provided by hotels to the online travel agencies. We are not able to turn off inventory for specific hotels independently. However, you could contact your Expedia or Priceline representative. Hopefully, down the road we will have more control to make changes, if needed.
We prominently display our phone numbers on our sites and in our confirmation emails to help our customers reach us, if they need. Our phone numbers may rotate based on time windows to offer better customer service. All phone numbers and websites can access customer service help 24/7. Our goal is to bring the right customer to the right hotel accommodation every time.
No. We follow the hotel reservation and cancelation policies the hotels establish in booking system. These policies are reflected on our websites and our customer service agents read these to customers when helping them over the phone. When mistakes happen as a result of technology, human or consumer error, we fix them fast and fairly.
No.
Included in the taxes and fees, is a booking convenience fee passed on to us and  all applicable local, state and Hotel-occupancy taxes.  We receive all of these as one amount, and are not able to break it down into its individual components.
The rates we show are the lowest rates we have which are typically as low or lower than other booking sites.
You should have received an email confirming your reservation along with all details about your room and the hotel. If you did not receive this email, please return to the Customer Care home page and select "Send my reservation details / receipt"  and enter your information to look up your reservation.
Refunds are released within 24 business hour after a refund is approved, or a reservation is cancelled.  Then depending on the card company or financial institution it will typically take 3-10 business days to post to your credit card account.  If it has been longer than 10 business days, please contact your card carrier for assistance.
Can I change the credit card I used to pay for my reservation?
If your reservation was paid in advance and the cancellation policy shows that your reservation is fully refundable, we recommend that you first book a new reservation with the different credit card in order to ensure you still have a reservation, then you can cancel your existing reservation by visiting  Cancel my reservation.  If your reservation is a post-pay reservation, then your card has not been charged, and by calling a customer service representative they can make arrangements to have the credit card changed.  If the cancellation policy for your reservation shows that you will incur a penalty by cancelling at this time, you will need to call customer service at 844-249-1696 , and one of our representatives will do their very best to see if an exception can be made.
1 star - No frills comfort and hospitality 2 stars - Facilities, décor, amenities modestly enhanced 3 stars - Distinguished. Marked upgrades in amenities, comforts 4 stars - Refined, stylish. Extensive amenities; lots of hospitality, service, attention to detail.  5 stars - Ultimate in luxury, sophistication. Extraordinary setting, meticulous service, first-class comfort
We most often aren't.  Reservation Desk is a leading provider of hotel accommodations partnering with more than 600,000 hotels and the largest travel agencies and wholesalers worldwide. We specialize in providing travelers access to rooms during sold-out periods. Whether looking for last-minute options or special occasions, ReservationDesk.com can help. Part of the TravelPASS Group, Reservation Desk uses a proprietary technology to deliver the most comprehensive search strategies to help consumers find and save on the best travel destinations and deals.
Some Banks will show all transaction attempts. A failed attempt may be identified as "preauthorization" or some other term, but there has been no charge.
Please contact the front desk of the hotel to obtain a Credit Card Authorization form.
Enter the hotel name and city here  {link} for a list of hotel amenities.
This depends on the hotel. If your reservation was paid in advance, a credit card may still be required for a requisite deposit, resort fee or anticipated incidentals.  These requirements can be found on your confirmation email, or by looking up your reservation at link.
No, as long as you have a valid credit card to present upon request and, depending on the hotel, provide an ID with a name that matches the name on the reservation, then you should be good to go.
Send my reservation details/receipt
Cancel my reservation
Modify my reservation
For requests to modify a reservation, please chat with us or give us a call.
I have a question
YES
NO
We can make some updates or corrections to our sites, but we are limited because we use the information provided by hotels to the online travel agencies. We are not able to turn off inventory for specific hotels independently. However, you could contact your Expedia or Priceline representative. Hopefully, down the road we will have more control to make changes, if needed.
We prominently display our phone numbers on our sites and in our confirmation emails to help our customers reach us, if they need. Our phone numbers may rotate based on time windows to offer better customer service. All phone numbers and websites can access customer service help 24/7. Our goal is to bring the right customer to the right hotel accommodation every time.
No. We follow the hotel reservation and cancelation policies the hotels establish in booking system. These policies are reflected on our websites and our customer service agents read these to customers when helping them over the phone. When mistakes happen as a result of technology, human or consumer error, we fix them fast and fairly.
No.
Included in the taxes and fees, is a booking convenience fee passed on to us and  all applicable local, state and Hotel-occupancy taxes.  We receive all of these as one amount, and are not able to break it down into its individual components.
The rates we show are the lowest rates we have which are typically as low or lower than other booking sites.
You should have received an email confirming your reservation along with all details about your room and the hotel. If you did not receive this email, please return to the Customer Care home page and select "Send my reservation details / receipt"  and enter your information to look up your reservation.
Refunds are released within 24 business hour after a refund is approved, or a reservation is cancelled.  Then depending on the card company or financial institution it will typically take 3-10 business days to post to your credit card account.  If it has been longer than 10 business days, please contact your card carrier for assistance.
Can I change the credit card I used to pay for my reservation?
If your reservation was paid in advance and the cancellation policy shows that your reservation is fully refundable, we recommend that you first book a new reservation with the different credit card in order to ensure you still have a reservation, then you can cancel your existing reservation by visiting  Cancel my reservation.  If your reservation is a post-pay reservation, then your card has not been charged, and by calling a customer service representative they can make arrangements to have the credit card changed.  If the cancellation policy for your reservation shows that you will incur a penalty by cancelling at this time, you will need to call customer service at 844-249-1696 , and one of our representatives will do their very best to see if an exception can be made.
1 star - No frills comfort and hospitality 2 stars - Facilities, décor, amenities modestly enhanced 3 stars - Distinguished. Marked upgrades in amenities, comforts 4 stars - Refined, stylish. Extensive amenities; lots of hospitality, service, attention to detail.  5 stars - Ultimate in luxury, sophistication. Extraordinary setting, meticulous service, first-class comfort
We most often aren't.  Reservation Desk is a leading provider of hotel accommodations partnering with more than 600,000 hotels and the largest travel agencies and wholesalers worldwide. We specialize in providing travelers access to rooms during sold-out periods. Whether looking for last-minute options or special occasions, ReservationDesk.com can help. Part of the TravelPASS Group, Reservation Desk uses a proprietary technology to deliver the most comprehensive search strategies to help consumers find and save on the best travel destinations and deals.
Some Banks will show all transaction attempts. A failed attempt may be identified as "preauthorization" or some other term, but there has been no charge.
Please contact the front desk of the hotel to obtain a Credit Card Authorization form.
Enter the hotel name and city here  {link} for a list of hotel amenities.
This depends on the hotel. If your reservation was paid in advance, a credit card may still be required for a requisite deposit, resort fee or anticipated incidentals.  These requirements can be found on your confirmation email, or by looking up your reservation at link.
No, as long as you have a valid credit card to present upon request and, depending on the hotel, provide an ID with a name that matches the name on the reservation, then you should be good to go.
Not finding your answer?
If you need to speak to an agent, please call the number below.
I’m a hotel representative
If you are a hotel representative with a question about ReservationDesk, please contact us here:  news@reservationdesk.com
I'm with the media
If you are a media professional with a question about ReservationDesk, please contact us here:  news@reservationdesk.com
HOW IT WORKS
It’s simple—the more you book, the more rewards you earn.
1.
3.
at any hotel.
Redeem RestRewardsTM
You currently don't have any active rewards in your account. Create a booking today to begin earning rewards!
