Enter Your Location
Enter Your Location
by joining our VIP Club
Receive discounts, new product information and more delivered to your inbox.
Subscribe
By clicking "Subscribe" you agree to receive communications from Boston Market, including coupons, special offers, new product launches, feedback and surveys.
Privacy Policy
Last updated: 6/11/15
Thank you for visiting our website. We seek to make this site as informative and helpful as possible, while respecting and protecting your privacy. Here’s what we’re doing to help create a positive online experience.
Cookies
Typically, when we say “cookie,” we usually think of tasty, little baked goods. But in this instance, cookies are pieces of data that a web site transfers to your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to help us understand who is visiting our web site (who is new and who is returning), and what our visitors are looking at. We may use cookies to help us remember you or to help us administer contests or sweepstakes. We may associate your personal information with a cookies file in those instances. You may disable cookies on your web browser, but doing this may limit your experience on our website.
California Business & Professions Code Section 22575 (b) (as amended effective January 1, 2014) provides that California residents are entitled to know how a website operator responds to “Do Not Track” (DNT) browser settings. DNT is a feature offered by some browsers which, when enabled, sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing is not tracked, such as by third party ad networks, social networks and analytics companies. However, a uniform standard has not yet been adopted to determine how these signals should be interpreted and what actions should be taken by websites and third parties.
 
Personal Information
In certain instances, we may gather personal information about you (such as your name, address and e-mail address). We use this information to identify you. We only gather it when you voluntarily submit it.
For example, we may collect and use your information to:
Provide you with a coupon (or another discount) and track your food preferences for such coupons
Get your feedback on our site and products
Enter you in one of our contests or sweepstakes
Sometimes, for reasons beyond our control, our coupons don’t print properly. If this occurs and you still want a coupon, we’ll ask you for your name and address, or your email addresses, so we can send you a coupon or notice of a special. If you don’t want to provide this information, you don’t have to, but we may not then be able to provide you what you requested.
The personal information we collect is only used by:
Boston Market
Entities that provide products using the Boston Market brand name
Entities that provide technical or fulfillment services to Boston Market for internal purposes (such as improving this site or fulfilling your requests).
Any of the entities using your personal information must abide by this policy. If we hire a third party to perform a service for us, and that third party requires access to your personal information to perform that service, they may only use it for that limited purpose, and not for any other reason.
Your information is not sold, transferred or disclosed to third parties, and we do not send unsolicited e-mail. We may respond to e-mail you send us though, and we may ask you if you want to receive special offers from us or from third parties with whom we have a business relationship. If you indicate that you do, you may receive such special offers, but you also may request that these be halted at any time.
 
E-mail
 
 
Other Sites
 
Our Rights
We reserve the right to use or disclose any information that’s needed to:
Satisfy any law, regulation or legal request
Protect the integrity of this site
Fulfill your requests
 
Privacy Policy Changes
 
Questions
If you have questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Customer Care
14103 Denver West Blvd.
