We try to collect as little personal data from our users as possible, but we do typically require your email address in order to deliver price alerts and other site-related messages.  Please do not give us your email address if you do not want us to contact you.  We do not sell your email address or share it outside our company.  We will purge it from our database on request.  Easy enough.
There are, however, a few ways in which we utilize third party services to help run / fund the site:
Affiliate Marketing. When you buy a product through our site, Amazon pays us a percentage of each sale.  This does not impact your price in any way, and helps pay to keep the site online.
Advertising. This typically involves embedding a script from one or more ad networks into our pages, which then display ads that may might be relevant to the viewer.  If you don't like the sound of that, please feel free to use an ad blocker (and maybe consider making a donation .)
Analytics. Our web traffic is also analyzed by third party companies, for our own internal reporting and server monitoring.
Ad networks and analytics companies generally try to build viewer profiles to better target their advertising and/or improve their web traffic analyses, so these companies may have more of your personal data. Click here to view our full vendor list.
Amazon
Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy
Purpose: Analytics, Advertising
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website or other websites.             Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and/or other sites on the Internet.             You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings . (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info .)
Index Exchange
We allow third-party companies like LiveRamp to collect certain information when you visit our website.  The purpose of LiveRamp's service is to help brands use their data to improve customer interactions on any channel and device. LiveRamp may place a cookie and use a de-identified, non-human readable version of your email address for matching to other data about you to improve the relevance of online advertising and personalization. Never is your actual email address shared with LiveRamp. To learn more or opt out of LiveRamp click here: https://liveramp.com/opt_out/ ; http://www.acxiom.fr/a-propos-d-acxiom/information-sur-le-depot-de-cookie/ ; http://liveramp.uk/cookies-101/ .
We partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising and content to you. Our partner may place or recognise a cookie on your computer or device and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your email address. Our partners may link the personal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information. Our partners use this information to recognise you across different channels and platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. For example, our partners may deliver and/or enable downstream delivery of an ad to you in your web browser based on a purchase you made in a physical retail store, or they may send a personalised marketing email to you based on the fact that you visited a particular website. To learn more about interests-based advertising in general and to opt-out, please visit youronlinechoices.com/
New Relic
Time Zone:             (-08:00) Pacific Time (US & Canada) · Change
Product prices and availability are accurate as of the date/time indicated and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on Amazon at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
