What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
If you contact us we will use your name and email address to reply to your query and we won’t share that information with third party.
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
We use Complete Analytics Optimization Suite (CAOS) plugin to collect use behaviour on our website so that we can improve the performance. If you want to opt out you can visit our cookies page .
Who we share your data with
If you are subscribing to our blog you will get emails from mailchimp. You will get emails about new article, freebies, e-book and much more. If you want you can unsubscribe to the emails and it is really easy. You can read About the General Data Protection Regulation: http://eepurl.com/c97Tcr
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
If you want to contact us then you can fill our contact us page or you can email us at [email protected]
Additional information
How we protect your data
We are using lets encrypt SSL on our website and everything which you send to us is with us and the data won’t be shared with any third party.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If there is data breach we will contact the subscribers that there was a data breach and we will write an email to them whose data is lost.
What third parties we receive data from
We recieve data from Google AdSense and Google Analytiics about the user behaviour.
Subscribe to Newsletter
Man Behind DroidRax
Xaif is the founder and administrator of DroidRax. A Tech Enthusiast. He always writes about Tech and Android. He works hard to serve you with the best tips and tricks and to satisfy your hunger for technology. He mainly updates Android Tricks, How-to, News, and Scripts. You can find him on  Facebook .
Navigation
We’re Social
