× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Acrobat.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Acrobat.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.adobe.com/privacy/policy.html . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Adobe ID, registration and customer support
When you register to use an Adobe website or application, create an Adobe ID, or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you. This may include your name, company name, email address, or payment information. We may also sometimes collect other information that does not identify you, such as your job title or industry. Some of this information is required and other information is optional ( more information about what specific Adobe websites and applications collect ). For student and teacher editions of our applications, information regarding your eligibility is required. To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may combine information from you with information from public sources and our trusted partners, in accordance with applicable law. For example, from these sources, we may learn the company size and industry of our business customers.
Adobe websites and applications
We collect information about how you use our websites and applications, including when you use a desktop product feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing feature). We may collect information that your browser or device typically sends to our servers whenever you visit an Adobe website, or when an Adobe desktop product feature takes you online. For example, your browser or device may tell us your IP address (which may tell us generally where you are located) and the type of browser and device you used. When you visit an Adobe website, your browser may also tell us information such as the page that led you to our website and, if applicable, the search terms you typed into a search engine that led you to our website. Adobe may collect information about how you use our websites and applications by using cookies and similar technologies , and our servers may collect similar information when you are logged in to the website or application. Depending on the website or application, this information may be anonymous (for example, see the Adobe Product Improvement Program ) or it may be associated with you. Learn more about the information that specific Adobe websites or applications may collect. Learn about your privacy choices regarding how we use this information.
Adobe product activation and automatic updates
When you activate your Adobe product, we collect certain information about your device, the Adobe product, and your product serial number ( learn more ). Some of our products include features that connect to our servers and offer you the ability to install updates to the product. We may keep track of information such as whether the update was successful or not.
Adobe emails
Emails we send you may include a web beacon that tells Adobe whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link within the email. If you do not want us to collect this information from Adobe marketing emails, you can opt out of receiving Adobe marketing emails .
Adobe online advertising
Adobe advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying Adobe ads to you across the Internet on websites and in apps. We collect information about which ads are displayed, which ads are clicked on, and on which web page the ad was displayed. Learn more about Adobe’s advertising practices.
Buttons, tools, and content from other companies
Adobe websites and applications may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook "Like" button). We may collect information about your use of these features. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view an Adobe web page containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information.
Adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services
Adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the Adobe® Photoshop® team’s Facebook page). You may also be able to sign in to an Adobe website or application using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. We may collect information when you interact with our social networking pages or use these sign-on features. Learn more about Adobe’s social networking practices.
This is version 3 , from 5 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
