This privacy policy lets you know how we collect, use, and protect your personal information. When you visit the website and utilize www.fumoney.com / www.closersinblack.com / www.danlok.com / www.fumoneywithstefan.com / www.fumoneywithjc.com / www.realmenrealcloser.com / www.besthighendcareer.com / www.fumoneywarrior.com / www.fumoneywithmatt.com / www.fumoneywithvince.com / www.fumoneywithchin.com / www.highticketsales.com / www. highticketsalesteam.com / www. fumoneypill.com/ www.fumoneybook.com / www.highendleadgen.com / www.highticketsaleswithjay.com / www.fumoneywithmatt.com / www.milliondollarwebinar.com / www.instantbestsellingauthor.com /  domain(s) and all sub domain(s) you accept and agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. In particular, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this policy.
We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from May 2018.
What we collect
name and job title
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR)
The GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018, and is intended to protect the data of European Union citizens. 
As a company that markets its site content, products and/or services online we do not specifically target our marketing to the EU or conduct business in or to the EU in any meaningful way. If the data that you provide to us in the course of your use of our site or services or products is governed by GDPR, we will abide by the relevant portions of the regulation. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), or are accessing this site from within the EEA, you may have the right to request: access to, correction of, deletion of; portability of; and restriction or objection to processing, of your personal data, from us. This includes the “right to be forgotten.”
To make any of these requests, please contact our GDPR contact at GDPR@highticketsales.com
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at:
                          dan@highticketsales.com
 
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
4974 Kingsway Ave, Suite 964, Burnaby BC V5H 4M9 CANADA
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
CUSTOM JAVASCRIPT / HTML
CUSTOM JAVASCRIPT / HTML
Facebook in any way. FACEBOOK is a trademark of FACEBOOK, Inc.
Copyright © FUMoney.com.  All Rights Reserved.
IMPORTANT: Earnings and Legal Disclaimers
We don't believe in get-rich-quick programs. We believe in hard work, adding value and serving others. And that's what our programs are designed to help you do. As stated by law, we can not and do not make any guarantees about your own ability to get results or earn any money with our ideas, information, programs or strategies. We don't know you and, besides, your results in life are up to you. Agreed? We're here to help by giving you our greatest strategies to move you forward, faster. However, nothing on this page or any of our websites or emails is a promise or guarantee of future earnings. Any financial numbers referenced here, or on any of our sites or emails, are simply estimates or projections or past results, and should not be considered exact, actual or as a promise of potential earnings - all numbers are illustrative only. If you have questions, email support@highticketsales.com. Thanks for stopping by. Until next time, remember: close high-ticket offers, change your life.
Working...
