Please update your browser.
Thank you for visiting PublicStorage.com! We noticed you are using a version of a browser that we no longer support. To have the best overall experience
(and avoid issues while making reservations or payments), please click the links to the right to upgrade your browser to the latest version for free:
Effective March 23, 2012
Privacy and Security of Your Information is Very Important to Us: At Public Storage, we believe it is important to protect the privacy of our customers, as well as the privacy of visitors to our website.  We know that you care about how your information is collected, updated, used and shared, and we want to help you make knowledgeable choices about the information you provide to us.
This Privacy and Security Policy (the "Privacy Policy") explains and summarizes how we collect, use and protect your information as you interact with us directly, by phone, online and through our customer support services.  This Privacy Policy applies to Public Storage’s operations in the United States and to its website located at www.PublicStorage.com (the "Site").  This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites which may be operated by affiliates or business partners of Public Storage, even if they are linked to the Site.
By using our services and/or the Site, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your information by Public Storage consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable privacy and data protection laws.
Our Privacy Policy Will Change Over Time: Our Privacy Policy will change over time as we seek to improve the services we provide.  We will post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site and we will update the Effective Date at the top of the Privacy Policy.  We encourage you to refer to the Privacy Policy from time to time to stay abreast of our most current practices.  If you are an existing customer of Public Storage and we make an update to this Privacy Policy that is materially less restrictive in our use or disclosure of  information we collected prior to the update, we will provide you with prior notice to the email address, if any, that you have provided to us and seek your consent by posting notice on the Site or by contacting you using the email address you have provided to us.  We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about our collection, use and disclosure of your information.  Your continued access and use of the Site and Public Storage’s services constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and any updates, unless otherwise provided.
Summary of Our Privacy Policy: This policy explains:
The Types of Information Public Storage Collects About You
How Public Storage uses your information
The Disclosure of Your Information to Third Parties
How You May Receive Tailored Advertising As a Result of Your Use of the Site
What kind of security measures Public Storage takes to protect your information from accidental loss or disclosure and how Public Storage will inform you in the event of a security breach
The manner in which you can have your personal information updated or corrected or restrict Public Storage’s use of that information
Other things we think you should know about privacy, information security and Public Storage.
The Types of Information Public Storage Collects About You: Public Storage only collects information from you that is necessary for us to provide service and information that we believe will interest you.  We collect the following three categories of information from you: (a) Personally Identifiable Information; (b) Non-Personal Information; and (c) Passive Anonymous Information.  All three of these categories are collectively referred to as "Information" in this Privacy Policy.
A. Personally Identifiable Information: We may receive and store any information that you provide to us or that we learn about you from your use of the Site or other sources that would allow us to identify you personally.  This information is referred to as Personally Identifiable Information ("PII").  For example, you may provide PII to us when you make a reservation for our storage services, enter into a lease/rental agreement with us, use our site to "move in" to your leased space with us, use automatic bill pay or go online to make a payment on your account, order moving and packing supplies, make a customer service request or inquiry, or apply for a job with us.  As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as your first and last name, postal address, home and/or mobile phone numbers, email address, payment card information, social security number, drivers license number or identification, insurance coverage information, your account number, employment history, information in a job application, such as a resume, and any other information that you choose to provide that would allow us to identify you personally.  We might also receive PII about you from third party data sources or marketing partners and we may add this PII to the information that we collect about you.
B. Non-Personal Information: From time to time, we may also ask you to provide us with non-personal information, which is data that alone is not intended to allow us to identify you personally, such as just your first name, birthday, zip code, demographic information, or service or product preferences.  Public Storage may aggregate and/or anonymize PII so that it becomes non-personal information that is not intended to be used to personally identify you.  We also automatically receive and store certain types of non-personal information whenever you visit the Site through the use of "cookies", which is discussed below.
C. Passive Anonymous Information Gathered Electronically: We, and third parties on the Site, may automatically collect certain types of passive, anonymous information whenever you use the Site, such as your Internet Protocol address, your computer's operating system, the name of the domain you used to access the Internet, the website you came from and the website you visit next.  This data is used in the aggregate, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally.  If we collect this information, it will be done passively through the use of certain electronic technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear GIFs (and similar technologies) as explained below.
Cookies: We and our advertising partners may use "cookies". When you use the Site, the pages you see, along with something called "cookies", may be downloaded to your computer or other device that you use to access the Site.  Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your device or computer.  These cookies do not contain or collect any PII, but may be used to deliver content specific to your interests and for other purposes, such as security and administrative functions.  For example, cookies are used to store your preferences for certain types of information so that you do not have to input those preferences every time you use the Site.  Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you usually can change your browser to limit or prevent cookies.  Cookies in themselves do not personally identify the individual user, but rather the computer or device that is being used to access the Site.  You may have the opportunity to set your computer or device to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or to not receive cookies at any time.  Different browsers may address cookies differently. If you set your browser to not accept cookies, it may result in certain personalized services not being provided to you when you use the Site from that computer or device.
Web beacons, Pixels and Clear GIFs: We and our advertising partners may use web beacons, pixels and clear GIFs. These electronic technologies are transparent image files that, if used, allow us and our advertising partners to track website usage information, such as the number of times a given web page has been viewed and whether and when you have opened a HTML email, how many times the email was forwarded and which links in the email were clicked.  Unlike cookies, these technologies are not placed on your computer or device.  This information helps us to improve our Site and our services and helps our advertising partners by measuring the effectiveness of these communications with you.  These technologies may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with our Site or advertisements made by our advertising partners.
How We Use Information About You: We may use your Information for a number of purposes, including:
to provide you with our storage and other services;
to respond to customer inquiries and complaints;
to maintain and collect payment on your account with us;
to enforce your agreements with us, prevent fraud, address security hazards, and other prohibited or illegal activities, for other legally permissible purposes and generally to ensure that we comply with applicable laws;
to provide you with marketing and promotional information about products and services we believe are of interest to you;
to provide you with marketing and promotional information about products and services we believe are of interest to you;
to provide you with tailored advertising, which is explained in greater detail below;
to provide a report to our advertisers or business partners that tells them who responded to a particular offer to facilitate the fulfillment of an order that you have made with an advertiser or business partner;
to customize, personalize, analyze, evaluate, adjust and improve the Site and our services to meet your needs and expectation and those of our business partners;
to describe our customer audience, products and services;
to develop partnerships with third parties to offer products or services which we believe will interest our customers;
to anonymize or aggregate PII for various purposes, such as market or traffic flow analysis and reporting; and
to process job applications and for recruitment purposes.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties: Public Storage may give, share, sell or trade your information to third parties under the following circumstances:
Service Providers: We may share your Information, including PII, with third parties or affiliates with whom we have contracted to perform services on our behalf, such as to collect payment, do something that you have asked us to do, or  provide your PII to a delivery service so that they can assist us in fulfilling your request for storage supplies.  Third parties that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep the PII we provide to them confidential and to use the PII we share only to provide the services we ask them to perform.
Other Third Parties: We do not disclose your PII to unaffiliated third parties who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so.
Protection of Public Storage and Others: We may access, monitor, use, or disclose your Information to do things like (i) comply with  the law or respond to lawful requests or legal process, such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal requirements of any government authority; (ii) protect the rights or property of Public Storage, our agents, customers or others; (iii) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or to mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit; (iv) to respond to emergencies; and (v) to protect against fraud or security hazards.
Business Transfers: Information may be disclosed as part of or in connection with a merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, or transition to another service provider. In the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, Information also may be transferred as a business asset.  If Public Storage is involved in a transition of service to another provider, merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will, if applicable, be notified via email and/or a conspicuous notice on the Site, which will include any choice, you may have concerning your Information.  It is Public Storage’s practice to seek appropriate protection for Information disclosed or received in these types of transactions. Public Storage cannot, however, guarantee that Public Storage’s Privacy Policy will remain unchanged in the unlikely circumstance that Public Storage is sold or or if it merges with another company.
Passive Anonymous and Aggregated Non-Personal Information: You agree that we may share with third parties passive, anonymous and non-personal information about you may be aggregated and is not intended to allow these third parties to identify you personally.  This non-personal information is usually obtained through the use of electronic technologies, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels and clear GIFS, as described in this Privacy Policy.
Tailored Advertising: The Site may include third party tracking technologies that are used by Public Storage or its advertising partners to try to match advertisements to your interests and to deliver these targeted advertisements to you when you are using the Site or using other websites that are not controlled by Public Storage.  We do not share PII with these third parties; however, when you use the Site, we or third parties operating the advertisement serving technology may use non-personal and/or anonymous passive information that is collected through cookies, web beacons, pixels or clear GIFs to ensure that appropriate advertising is presented and to perform analytics concerning your use of the Site and other websites tracked by these third parties.  These technologies also may control the number of times you see a given ad, deliver ads that relate to your interests and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns.  Logged and/or collected data may include IP address, browser identifiers, session information, browser cookies, device make and model, carrier provider, carrier user ID, sites visited, clicks on advertisements, advertisement(s) served, length of time an advertisement was visible, size of the advertisement, and advertisement response (if any).
Any of this information that is collected and used by Public Storage will be subject to this Privacy Policy and may be disclosed to third parties in a manner that is not intended to identify you personally.  To the extent any of this information is collected by third parties and not by Public Storage, you acknowledge and agree that such collection and use is governed by those third parties’ privacy policies and Public Storage is not responsible for cookies, clear GIFs or other electronic technologies in third party advertisements.
If you are interested in more information about tailored advertising and your choices to prevent third parties from delivering tailored advertising, please go to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  If you wish to prevent Public Storage from delivering tailored advertisements, you may set your browser to not accept cookies.  Please note that even if you disable the cookie function on your browser or opt-out of third party tailored advertisements at the above link, you may still receive advertising when using the Site that is not tailored to your interests.
Children: Children under 13 should not send any PII to Public Storage.  If a child under 13 submits PII through any part of the Site or otherwise provides such PII to Public Storage, and we learn that the person submitting the PII is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. Because we do not knowingly collect any PII from children under 13, we do not use or disclose such information to third parties.
This Privacy Policy Applies to U.S. Customers: This Privacy Policy applies to customer relationships established in the United States. Our Site is hosted in the United States and is intended for United States visitors.  Parts of this Privacy Policy may not apply to visitors to our Site outside the United States because, for example, certain services may not be offered to non-U.S. customers.  If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. privacy and data protections laws and which may be more stringent than those U.S. laws, by visiting our Site and providing us with Information, including PII, you acknowledge and consent to the transfer to and processing of your PII in the United States.
Our Security Practices: Our internal data security policies restrict access to customers’ PII to authorized employees, agents and subcontractors with a "need to know", and we train such persons on the protection of your PII.  These persons may use our customers’ PII for Public Storage business purposes only.  Our employees are bound by our policies to maintain the confidentiality of our customers’ PII. Employees who violate their confidentiality obligations are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.
We maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that are designed to guard our customers’ PII. For example, for the security of your online visit to PublicStorage.com, we may make use of secure server software (SSL), firewalls, encryption and other authentication procedures to attempt to protect your PII from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.  PII is maintained within a Windows NT Server environment that is intended to be secure.  Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or internal security system can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your PII, Public Storage cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your PII, we may attempt to notify you as necessary by email or other means so you can take appropriate protective steps.  By using our Site or providing Information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of our Site or your account with us.  Unless you indicate otherwise, we may notify you using the most current email address you provided to us.
Links to Third Party Sites and Web Sites Containing Public Storage Branding: The Site may contain links to third party websites.  Please be aware, however, that Public Storage is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy policies of these other websites or their practices.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other websites, as they may differ from ours.
The Site also may contain links to websites that display Public Storage branding and/or Public Storage’s logo but which are maintained by third parties.  Such websites may be identified in that they do not display a "PublicStorage.com" URL.  Please read the privacy policy on these sites for applicable privacy practices relating to Information collected via those sites because they may differ from Public Storage’s privacy practices.  This Privacy Policy applies solely to Information collected by Public Storage directly, by phone, online and through our customer support services.
Contact Preferences and Accessing Your PII: You have certain choices when it comes to how Public Storage uses your PII. You may choose not to receive information about new services and special promotional offers from us by direct mail and/or email.  If you elect not to receive such marketing information by direct mail or email, Public Storage may continue to contact you as necessary to service your account.  You can change your contact preferences by emailing us at privacy@PublicStorage.com or by writing to us at the physical address set forth further below.
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important so we can provide you with excellent service.  If your account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please contact Public Storage customer service. You can obtain information about how to contact Public Storage customer service at PublicStorage.com/Corporateinformation/CorpCustomerService.aspx.
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits customers of Public Storage who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  At this time, Public Storage does not disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you specifically consent to such disclosure.  If Public Storage changes this policy, it will update this provision and provide instructions on how you may make a request for details concerning such information.
What Else Should I Know About My Privacy? You should be careful to maintain the secrecy of your user id and password and/or account information and be responsible about protecting your PII and identity, both online and off-line.  You can refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information on how to protect yourself from identity theft.
Contacting Public Storage: If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please email us at privacy@PublicStorage.com, or write to us at:
Public Storage, Attention: Privacy Officer
701 Western Avenue, Glendale, California 91201
Trademark Notice: Public Storage is a registered trademark of Public Storage in the United States.
KEEP UP WITH THE LATEST PUBLIC STORAGE NEWS
© 2018 Public Storage. All rights reserved.
Public Storage is the leading provider of storage units for your personal, business and vehicle needs with thousands of locations nationwide. We offer a wide variety of units and sizes available with no obligation and no long-term commitment. Call today at 1-800-688-8057 for a free reservation and get your first month for just $1.
†Subject to change. Offered only on selected units. Subject to availability. This offer applies only to the rental fee. Other restrictions, taxes, and fees, including an administrative fee, apply. See contract for full details. Promotions good for new customers only. Not available on transfers or additional spaces. Pricing subject to change. Reservation required to guarantee price. Actual unit sizes may vary from approximate size estimate. Please inspect any unit before renting. Online pricing available only for online reservations and rentals. Not sure about the size you need? Don't worry, online pricing discount will be honored for any rental originating from an online reservation.
†Terms and Conditions - Reservation Deposits: A non-refundable reservation deposit is required for some reservations. This deposit will be applied as a credit to rent after move-in. Reservations are valid only for the reservation period specified. Payment of a reservation deposit guarantees a unit's availability during the reservation period for the price listed at the time the reservation is made. In the event a previously reserved unit or similar unit becomes unavailable, you agree that your only remedy is a refund of the reservation deposit. Otherwise, failure to enter a lease for a Public Storage unit within the reservation period results in forfeiture of the reservation deposit.
