Please update your browser.
Thank you for visiting PublicStorage.com! We noticed you are using a version of a browser that we no longer support. To have the best overall experience
(and avoid issues while making reservations or payments), please click the links to the right to upgrade your browser to the latest version for free:
Public Storage Privacy and Security Policy
The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us.
We do not sell your personal information to third parties for any reason.
We do not disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties who may want to offer you their own products and services unless you have requested or authorized us to do so.
We may share your personal information with third parties or affiliates where it is necessary for us to provide you with the services you have requested, collect payment, or do something that you have asked us to do.
KEEP UP WITH THE LATEST PUBLIC STORAGE NEWS
© 2018 Public Storage. All rights reserved.
Public Storage is the leading provider of storage units for your personal, business and vehicle needs with thousands of locations nationwide. We offer a wide variety of units and sizes available with no obligation and no long-term commitment. Call today at 1-800-688-8057 for a free reservation and get your first month for just $1.
†Subject to change. Offered only on selected units. Subject to availability. This offer applies only to the rental fee. Other restrictions, taxes, and fees, including an administrative fee, apply. See contract for full details. Promotions good for new customers only. Not available on transfers or additional spaces. Pricing subject to change. Reservation required to guarantee price. Actual unit sizes may vary from approximate size estimate. Please inspect any unit before renting. Online pricing available only for online reservations and rentals. Not sure about the size you need? Don't worry, online pricing discount will be honored for any rental originating from an online reservation.
†Terms and Conditions - Reservation Deposits: A non-refundable reservation deposit is required for some reservations. This deposit will be applied as a credit to rent after move-in. Reservations are valid only for the reservation period specified. Payment of a reservation deposit guarantees a unit's availability during the reservation period for the price listed at the time the reservation is made. In the event a previously reserved unit or similar unit becomes unavailable, you agree that your only remedy is a refund of the reservation deposit. Otherwise, failure to enter a lease for a Public Storage unit within the reservation period results in forfeiture of the reservation deposit.
