Effective February 5, 2018
En español  | AARP is committed to maintaining your trust by respecting and protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes why and how we collect, use, share, and protect personal data collected from and about members, volunteers, donors, program participants, job applicants, and others – both online and offline. It also explains your choices regarding how we share your personal data and communicate with you, how you can request access to and correction of your personal data, and other important considerations.  
Collection and Use
We collect and use personal data from or about you to help us support our non-profit mission and serve our membership. We collect such data in various ways, including data you provide to us, data we collect by automated means, and data we collect from other sources. 
Sharing
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your personal data with unaffiliated entities without your consent. We do share personal data with a limited number of Licensed Service Providers, which are unaffiliated entities that make available AARP-branded products or services and/or discounts to AARP members. These Licensed Service Providers are required to use the personal data only to offer, provide, maintain, and analyze the contracted products, services, or discounts. We also occasionally share personal data with select, unaffiliated non-profit organizations for use in their own social missions. We share personal data with vendors and social media networks we hire to provide services or perform business functions on our behalf, but these vendors are contractually required to treat the personal data AARP provides as confidential, and to use the personal data only to provide the services AARP has requested they perform on our behalf. Finally, we may share personal data pursuant to legal requirements, as necessary to protect ourselves, our members or others, or in connection with a business transfer or substantial transaction such as a sale, merger, consolidation or bankruptcy. 
Security
We use administrative, technical, and physical security measures designed to protect personal data against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure, or use.
Choice
We strive to provide you reasonable choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your personal data. We provide you access to review and correct your personal data, provide you options regarding how we share personal data with AARP Licensed Service Providers and unaffiliated non-profit organizations, and provide you control over how we communicate with you, among other choices. 
You may contact us at any time regarding these choices as follows:
Email us at  member@aarp.org
Call us at 888-OUR-AARP (888-687-2277)
Write to us at AARP Membership Center, 3200 E. Carson St., Lakewood, CA 90712
More Information
Please review the full Privacy Policy below for more complete details on how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal data, as well as the choices you have regarding our use and sharing of your personal data, along with other important considerations. Click on each heading below for details on the subject.
Choice
We strive to provide you reasonable choices regarding our collection, use, and sharing of your personal data. We provide you access to review and correct your personal data, provide you options regarding how we share personal data with AARP Licensed Service Providers and unaffiliated non-profit organizations, and provide you control over how we communicate with you, among other choices. 
You may contact us at any time regarding these choices as follows:
Email us at  member@aarp.org
Call us at 888-OUR-AARP (888-687-2277)
Write to us at AARP Membership Center, 3200 E. Carson St., Lakewood, CA 90712
More Information
Please review the full Privacy Policy below for more complete details on how we collect, use, share, and protect your personal data, as well as the choices you have regarding our use and sharing of your personal data, along with other important considerations. Click on each heading below for details on the subject.
This Privacy Policy applies to personal data, which we define as data that identifies or can reasonably be used to identify an individual (such as your name, address, email address, phone number) and data that is linked to such personal data (such as demographic data, AARP passwords, payment data, device and usage data, and location data). This Privacy Policy does not apply to data that is not personal data or is not linked to personal data, including anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate data, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you – even when such data has been derived from personal data.
Except as described below, this Privacy Policy applies to all operations of AARP, a non-profit organization, and each of its subsidiaries and affiliates, such as the AARP Foundation and AARP Services, Inc. (together “AARP”). This Privacy Policy applies when you communicate with us by mail, email, phone, social media, or in person, including at AARP events. This Privacy Policy also applies when you use AARP websites or applications designed for smartphones, tablets, computers, and other devices (“apps”), except where an AARP website or app points to a different governing policy (e.g., the AARP MemberAdvantages Privacy Policy ) or where a non-AARP policy explicitly applies (e.g., the Deluxe Financial Services , LLC Privacy Policy governing the AARP Rewards for Good rewards catalog and redemption center). You can find the governing privacy policy in our websites’ footers or in our apps’ menus or settings.
By providing us your personal data or by using our websites or apps, you consent to our collection, use, and sharing of personal data as described in this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we urge you to read it carefully and contact us with any questions as follows:
Email us at member@aarp.org
Call us at 888-OUR-AARP (888-687-2277)
Write to us at AARP Membership Center, 3200 E. Carson St., Lakewood, CA 90712
Deliver the information, programs, products and/or services you request
Evaluate and respond to your inquiries and submissions
Provide you with customer support and membership benefits
Communicate with you through various channels, including postal mail, email, telephone, apps, online chats, in person, and social media
Process your payments and account adjustments
Create and manage your membership and account registrations
Conduct and administer contests, surveys, and sweepstakes (note that in some cases a non-AARP sponsor’s privacy policy may also apply)
Customize your experiences and identify you online, including by displaying offers and advertising tailored to your interests and/or background
Evaluate and improve our products, services, memberships, benefits, digital services, and other operations (e.g., developing and analyzing new or revised products and services; performing market research and data analytics; creating and applying data models; and assessing the effectiveness of our websites, apps, communications, advertising, and marketing programs)
Evaluate your employment applications and contact you regarding potential employment
Protect against and prevent fraud and unauthorized transactions, investigate complaints and claims, and provide other security protections
Comply with and enforce applicable legal obligations, our policies, and our terms and conditions
 
Contact and identification information, such as your name, address, telephone numbers, and email address;
Payment information, such as your payment card number and expiration date;
Demographic information, such as your age, date of birth, gender, and employment and occupation information;
Login and access credentials for your AARP website and app registrations, such as your username, password, password reminders and answers;
Content you create or submit, such as correspondence, photographs, survey responses, public forum or message board postings, social network information;
Communication preferences, such as which emails and newsletters you wish to receive, whether you wish to receive text messages or phone calls, and whether you wish to receive push notifications in our apps;
Information needed as part of a service program offering you request (e.g.,Tax-Aide services)
Employment application information, including the types of information described above, plus other employment-related data like social security number, employment status, employment history, education information, references, résumé, immigration status and ability to work legally in the United States, personal or family employment affiliation with AARP, and, on a voluntary basis, for our Equal Employment Opportunity compliance purposes for jobs located in the US, gender, race and ethnic background.
We collect data (some of which may be personal data) by automated means when you interact with us through our websites and apps, and when we communicate with you by email or text message. We use standard technologies, including browser cookies, Web beacons, and third-party analytics services to collect this behavioral and operational data, which may be recorded and retained in web logs and other AARP systems.
The collection of such data is a common practice that supports digital services,and is used to provide customized digital experiences, as well as for market research, marketing, analytics, and system administration purposes. For example, we may use this data to determine whether you’ve previously visited our website, to store your preferences and settings, and to provide authentication processes so you can more easily access your account. We also may use this data to target custom content and ads to you on our websites, in our apps, and through other digital communications, as well as on third-party websites and apps as described in the Targeted Advertising section below.
Examples of the data we may automatically collect as part of our website, app, and digital communication experiences include:
Your device and browser type, your operating system version, and your language settings
Your Internet service provider (ISP)
Your internet protocol (IP) address, Mobile Advertising ID, media access control (MAC) address, or similar identifiers
The website that referred you to our website, or that you visit upon leaving our website via a link from our site
The times and dates that you visit our websites or use our apps, and the duration of such use
Information about areas of our websites or apps that you visited or used, as well as specific content or advertisements you viewed or links you clicked
Information that identifies the precise physical location of your mobile device, based on your specific consent (we may use your IP address to generally estimate your location without seeking your specific consent – but such data does not provide a precise location)
Information collected through cookies, Web beacons, analytics tools, and other similar technologies
 A “cookie” is a small data file that a website sends to and stores on your device that allows the site to recognize your browser or store information or settings. The cookie itself does not contain personal data, but can be read by the entity that placed the cookie and may allow it to associate your device to personal data. We may use “persistent” and/or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies are stored on your computer and used for various purposes by your browser on subsequent website visits (such as to avoid having to reenter your log-on credentials). Session cookies are temporarily held in your computer’s memory and erased after you end a browser session or shut off your computer.
A Web beacon (sometimes called transparent or single pixel “GIFs”) is an invisible digital object embedded in a webpage or email. Web beacons are typically used to monitor your interaction with the webpage or email. Web beacons can help us count visitors, determine whether emails are opened, how long a webpage is viewed, and perform similar functions. Our webpages may contain Web beacons from third parties, which help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our ad campaigns and assess website operations.  
 Analytics tools allow us to measure and assess how users interact with our websites, apps, and digital communications. These services are typically provided by third-parties with whom we contract – primarily Adobe and Google Analytics. These providers may use many of the same technologies discussed above (such as cookies and Web beacons) to collect various data points associated with your visits to our websites and use of our apps.
We may also collect data (some of which may be personal data) by automated means when you call our customer service center. For instance, we may record audio of these calls for quality control, training, security, and analytics purposes.
You have choices to limit the collection and use of some of this data as described in the Your Personal Data Choices section of this Privacy Policy.
We may collect personal data about you from unaffiliated sources with whom we contract, such as product and service providers and data aggregators, as well as from public sources or databases. We may obtain data such as your name, postal address, telephone number, demographic data (such as age, gender, income level, and purchasing profiles), and publicly observed data (such as activity on blogs, videos, and other online postings). We generally use such data to identify potential members or other individuals we try to reach as part of our non-profit mission, to update personal data we already have about current members and other individuals (such as an address update), or to enhance our data models.
We may also purchase or license personal data lists from unaffiliated sources and provide access to those lists to other entities.  Although we may enhance such lists by applying our data models (e.g., to predict behaviors or interests of 50+ consumers), we do not contribute personal data related to AARP members, volunteers, etc., to such lists. 
We may also work with unaffiliated websites that allow you to sign up for an AARP membership or AARP emails directly from the third-party’s website. The personal data you provide on such sites is governed by that site’s privacy policy. But some or all the personal data you submit on such sites may also be shared with AARP and will be treated by AARP under the terms of this Privacy Policy when we receive it.
We sometimes offer opportunities for our website or app users to forward information about or from AARP to a family member or friend through “refer a friend” mechanisms. When an individual uses such a mechanism, we may ask that they provide us the friend’s name and email address – as well as the individual’s own name and email address. We will only use the friend’s personal data to send the requested email or other information, and we may identify that we are doing so at the other individual’s request.
Except as described below, we do not share your personal data with unaffiliated entities (entities that are not owned or controlled by AARP) without your consent. We may, however, share anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate data, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you – even where it has been derived from personal data.  Similarly, we may share personal data lists that we purchase or rent from unaffiliated sources after we apply our data models as previously described.  You may limit certain sharing of your personal data as described below in Your Personal Data Choices.
Licensed Service Providers. We may share personal data with AARP Licensed Service Providers, which are unaffiliated entities that make available AARP-branded products or services (such as insurance products or financial services) and/or discounts (such as at hotels or restaurants) to AARP members. These Licensed Service Providers pay a fee for the right to use our brand and access our membership list and related data. These fees are used to support our non-profit mission. Licensed Service Providers are required to treat the personal data AARP provides as confidential, and to use the personal data only to offer, provide, maintain, and analyze the contracted products, services, or discounts to AARP members. Some of these Licensed Service Providers may collect personal data about our members through their own interactions with those members, and may share some or all of this data with AARP to help us provide more effective and personalized service. We will use such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The Licensed Service Providers’ own data collection and sharing practices are governed by their privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy. 
Approved Vendors. We may share personal data with unaffiliated companies or individuals we hire to provide services or perform business functions on our behalf (such as print, mail, or email vendors; web hosting vendors; cloud service providers; consultants; digital advertising and analytics vendors; and contest or sweepstakes operators) because these vendors need access to the personal data to perform the functions we’ve requested of them. These vendors are contractually required to treat the personal data we provide as confidential, and to use the personal data only to provide the services we have requested they perform on our behalf.                                                                       
Payment Processors.  We may share your personal data with banks or other entities that process payment transactions or provide other financial services, and for fraud prevention and credit risk reduction purposes.  
   
 Social Media Advertising Networks.  We may share personal data with social media networks to facilitate their delivery of our customized advertising or messages on their network. The limited personal data we provide as part of the networks’ custom audience programs (generally email addresses) facilitates the delivery of our content to the right social media user. These networks only use the personal data we provide to identify you for these purposes. The delivery of customized social media ads or other content, and your ability to opt-out, is governed by the privacy policies of the social media companies, not this Privacy Policy. 
AARP may also share your personal data with other third parties as follows:
Pursuant to Legal Requirements. We may disclose your personal data (1) if we believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process, such as in response to a court order, subpoena, or similar investigative demand; (2) as we deem appropriate or necessary in response to requests for cooperation from a law enforcement agency, taxation authority, or other government agency; and (3) to defend against legal claims, exercise our legal rights, or as otherwise required by law.
To Protect Ourselves, Our Members, or Others. We may disclose your personal data when we believe disclosure is necessary (1) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud, or other wrongdoing; (2) to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our organization, our members, our volunteers, our employees, our websites and apps users, or others; and (3) to enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements or policies.
In Connection With Business Transfers. We may disclose or transfer your personal data in the unlikely event of a substantial corporate transaction or negotiation involving AARP or a subsidiary (including, without limitation, in the event of a bankruptcy or non-bankruptcy reorganization, consolidation, dissolution, or liquidation), although the use of such data following the transfer will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 
Our analytics providers for websites and apps, primarily Adobe and Google Analytics, may collect data points associated with your visits to our websites and use of our apps in order to assist us with analyzing and assessing our digital properties. You can, however, opt-out of certain data collection by these analytics providers. To learn more about Adobe Analytics and how to opt-out of their data collection,  click here . To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt-out of their data collection,  click here .
AARP participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our websites and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. Although participation in the Co-op does not involve sharing personal data, it does assist all participants in recognizing various devices linked to the same person. You can learn more about how Adobe does this and manage your choices (or opt-out) by visiting  Adobe’s Device Co-op Privacy Control website.
We collect data (both directly and through third-parties) about your activities on our websites and apps and may combine it with other personal data we have about you for use in providing more customized experiences, including advertising tailored to your individual interests. We may also share data about activities on our websites with advertising networks administered by third parties, which may use many of the same technologies previously discussed (such as cookies, web beacons, and analytics tools) to track your online activities over time and across websites. This collection and ad targeting takes place both on our websites and apps and on third-party digital properties that participate in those ad networks. As a result, you may see certain ads on other websites based on prior activity on our websites and apps, and vice versa.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) has created guidance for online advertisers and provided the “AdChoices” mechanism for such advertisers to comply with users’ choices regarding the placement of interest-based ads. By clicking on the AdChoices icon presented in the corner of each ad served by participants in the AdChoices program, you will be directed to a webpage to allow opt-outs from that ad network and/or for all ad networks participating in the AdChoices program.To learn more about ad networks, including how to opt out of interest-based ads,  click here .
We have also implemented on many of our websites a targeted ad choice tool provided by Evidon. This tool can help you understand what data is being collected on our websites by third-parties, and how you can control such collection and use. On our sites where the tool has been implemented, such as on AARP.org, you will see a reference to “AdChoices” in the webpage footer – near the link to this Privacy Policy. By clicking on that link you will open a browser window that identifies each entity that AARP uses to direct targeted advertisements to you, both on AARP websites as well as on third-party sites. If you would like to stop targeted advertising from AARP, you can manage these advertisements through the choices presented in the  Evidon Tool . You will still see ads from AARP and the ad networks with whom we work, but they will not be based on targeted data.
It is important to note that your choice to stop targeted advertising is specific to the browser you are using. If you make a choice to opt-out from one computer browser and you want your opt-out to apply to a different computer and/or browser, you must also opt-out from that computer. It is also important to note that most of these choices are cookie-based. If you delete cookies after making an opt-out choice, you will need to perform the opt-out again.
You can manage targeted ads in our apps through your device operating system settings. For iOS apps, visit the “advertising” controls in your privacy settings. For Android apps, use the Settings App.  Both operating systems allow you to opt-out of targeted ads and/or reset your device advertising ID.
We may also work with certain social media websites or platforms (such as Facebook or Twitter) to serve ads to you as part of a customized social media campaign. You can opt-out of receiving customized ads by changing your ad preferences on those platforms, which we do not control.
Email us at  member@aarp.org
Call us at 888-OUR-AARP (888-687-2277)
Write to us at AARP Membership Center, 3200 E. Carson St., Lakewood, CA 90712 
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice by posting an updated Privacy Policy on our websites and in our apps.  When we do so, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy. If we make material changes in the way we use and/or share your personal data, we will attempt to notify you directly, such as by sending an email to the email address you most recently provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our websites and in our apps.
AARP is a nonprofit, nonpartisan organization that empowers people to choose how they live as they age.
Cancel
You are leaving AARP.org and going to the website of our trusted provider. The provider’s terms, conditions and policies apply. Please return to AARP.org to learn more about other benefits.
Got it! Please don't show me this again for 90 days.
Your email address is now confirmed.
Manage your email preferences and tell us which topics interest you so that we can prioritize the information you receive.
Explore all that AARP has to offer.
Cancel
Got it! Please don't show me this again for 90 days.
in volunteering!
Close
In the next 24 hours, you will receive an email to confirm your subscription to receive emails                                     related to AARP volunteering. Once you confirm that subscription, you will regularly                                     receive communications related to AARP volunteering. In the meantime, please feel free                                     to search for ways to make a difference in your community at www.aarp.org/volunteer
