× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Cracked.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Cracked.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.cracked.com/privacy-policy.html . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Cookies. Like many Web sites, we use "cookies". Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. We use persistent, identifying cookies to remember your information and to link your activities to you. While you can take steps to warn of, block or disable cookies, if you do, the Service may not function and appear as we have designed it. Nonetheless, if you want to take these steps, you can do so by following the instructions associated with your browser. Our cookies do not collect PII that you provide to us during the registration process, but they do collect other information such as:
Pixel Tags. In our e-mails to you, we use "pixel tags" to determine if your email software or service can display html-formatted e-mail (this helps us optimize the size of our e-mail messages and conserve bandwidth).
Collection of Information by Third Parties. Some of the advertisers and other businesses that advertise or place other content our Site use cookies on our Site and may place a cookie on your computer. The content posted by these businesses will be identified as coming from a third party. In addition, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads. These companies (1) use information obtained from your visits to this Site and other sites to serve ads to you and (2) place unique third-party cookies on your browser. Also, we use Web beacons provided by third-party advertising companies to help optimize our advertising. Web beacons enable us to recognize your browser when a cookie has been placed on your computer. Some but not all third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information and an identification of advertisers that provide an opt-out mechanism, please click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp . The information collected by third party cookies is subject to the privacy policy of the third party, not Cracked.com's privacy policy.
Promotions, Sweepstakes, and Contests. From time to time, we may host a promotion, sweepstake or contest on the Service. You may be asked to provide personal information or permit the transfer to a third party of your personal information in connection with such promotion, sweepstake or contest. It will be disclosed at the point of collection or transfer who is collecting or transferring the information and whose privacy statement applies, and it will be your choice whether or not you wish to permit such transfer to or collection of personal information by a third party.
This is version 3 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
