Your Information. Your Rights. Our Responsibilities.
At Covered California, our philosophy is “Consumers First.” Every decision we make is based upon that fundamental principle, including how we collect, maintain and utilize your personal information. We want you to enroll with confidence and to be informed and empowered with regard to your personal privacy.
Simply put:
We will not collect personal information from you without your knowledge or consent.
We will not knowingly disclose your personal information to a third party, except as provided in this privacy policy.
We will allow you to inspect and correct your personal information.
We will take any and all reasonable measures to protect the security of any personal information you provide.
We will notify you if we ever suspect that the privacy of any personal information you provide may have been compromised.
View or download a copy of the Covered California Privacy Policy or Terms of Use:
Please click on the topic headings below to access additional Privacy Office-related information.
Contact the Covered California Service Center at (800) 300-1506; or
If you are unable to access the information you need, submit a written request by downloading and submitting the form below.
For additional help, contact the Covered California Service Center at (800) 300-1506 for assistance.
If you prefer, you may also download and submit a written request to the Covered California Privacy Office. Your personal information will be updated within 30 days of receipt. If we are unable to grant your request, you will be notified within 30 days, and we will provide you the contact information needed for you to request a review of this decision.
You have the right to authorize the release of your personal information to a third party. You may also have the right to request the release of someone else’s personal information, provided you can demonstrate that you have legal authority to do so.
If you would like to authorize the release of personal information either on your own behalf or on behalf of another person, please download and submit a copy of the request form.
“Privacy Complaint by a Parent, Guardian, or Personal Representative” form  (PDF)
Please note that you will never be retaliated against for filing a privacy-related complaint and your decision to file a privacy-related complaint will never affect your eligibility for health care coverage or Covered California services.
For non-privacy related complaints, please download and submit a copy of the standard Covered California Complaint Form (CCFR902) .
Courtesy Notification of Deceased — Please complete this form to provide Covered California with a courtesy notification for the deceased enrollee.
Notification of Deceased by an Enrolled Member — Please complete this form if you are listed on the account and wish to report the death of the primary account holder or another enrollee listed on the account.
Notification of Deceased by an Estate Representative — Please complete this form if you have legal authority to act on behalf of the deceased consumer’s estate.
Covered California’s Healthcare Evidence Initiative uses data to improve the patient experience of care, and lower costs for consumers. If you are currently enrolled in a Covered California qualified health plan, you may request that information about you and your household members not be used for Covered California’s Healthcare Evidence Initiative. While the Healthcare Evidence Initiative is designed to ensure that information about you remains anonymous, your decision to opt out will prevent information about you or your household from being used for this purpose. Your decision to opt out will not in any way affect your coverage or your right to receive services through Covered California. Opt-out requests will take effect in the month after they are received from Covered California, and remain in effect for the consumer’s case ID into future years. If you’d like to opt out of the Healthcare Evidence Initiative, please download and submit the written request below.
Opt-Out of the Covered California Health Evidence Initiative (PDF) – Please complete and submit this form if you would like to opt out of having your household information used for the Covered California Healthcare Evidence Initiative.
By phone: (800) 889-3871. (Please leave a message with your name and phone number.)
By U.S. Mail:
reminders and other important information.
Enter First Name
which work together to support health insurance  shoppers to get the coverage and care that’s right for them.
Copyright © 2018 Covered California
reminders and other important information.
Enter First Name
Subscription Complete!
Now that you are signed up for updates from Covered California, we will send you tips and reminders to help with your health coverage.
