This Privacy Policy describes TheJigsawPuzzles.com's policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information. When using any of services provided on our site you consent to the collection, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
Some services provided by TheJigsawPuzzles.com (such as creating puzzles from your own pictures, playing 300, 400 and 500 pieces puzzles and leaving comments under puzzles) require creating your free account with TheJigsawPuzzles.com.
When you create or modify your account, you provide some personal information, such as your username, password, and email address. You may also choose to provide us with some optional personal information (such as your country and birthday) which may help us serve puzzles according to the personal preferences. However, this information is not required for creating and using your account.
Most of the services, such as browsing home page and puzzle albums, playing puzzles (except for ones cut to 300, 400 and 500 pieces), sending puzzles via email or posting/embedding it to your website/blog do not require creating an account.
The only information received and recorded automatically is the Log Data created by your use of the site. Log Data includes information such as your IP address, browser type and the referring domain.
Information Protection
Modifying Your Personal Information
If you sign up for an account on our site, we provide you with tools (such as "My Profile" page) to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Any information you submit to TheJigsawPuzzles.com (through signing up for an account, modifying an account, contacting us via the Feedback form or e-mail) will be held in the strict confidence. We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information without your prior permission.
We may disclose your information if we believe that it is necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect our rights or property.
Third-party Advertising
We allow third-party companies to serve ads when you visit TheJigsawPuzzles.com. These companies may collect and use certain anonymous non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.
You can visit Network Advertising Initiative website to learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising.
Cookies
Like many websites, we use "cookie" technology to store your preferences and sign-in status; however cookies are not required for most of our services such as browsing, playing and creating puzzles.
A cookie is a small data file stored on your computer's hard disk. TheJigsawPuzzles.com uses cookies to store and restore your games saved in progress and your playing preferences (such as background pattern and game sounds).
Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. Cookies are stored in your web browser for 30 days or less from your last visit. Current versions of web browsers offer enhanced user controls of cookies (disabling, removing).
Changes to Privacy Policy
TheJigsawPuzzles.com reserves the right to modify its Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes to be minor. If we make a change to this policy we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our services and your experience with TheJigsawPuzzles.com please contact us using the Feedback form.
Effective: May 24, 2018
