We understand that  you care how information about you is used, and we want you to know  with confidence that we aggressively protect any sensitive/personal  information that we may obtain and any use of such information will be  done sensibly in accordance with government regulations. The following  information describes our Privacy Policy. By visiting the Exchange web  sites (not including the Exchange Online Mall), you are accepting the  practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The  Army & Air Force Exchange Service (hereinafter referred to as the  Exchange) web site, shopmyexchange.com, is an unofficial Department of  Defense (DoD) site, published and maintained by the Exchange with  non-appropriated funds. The Exchange operates the Exchange Online Store  and facilitates access to Exchange Online Mall shopping web sites on  behalf of all the military exchanges.
For site security and to  ensure that this service remains available to all users, the Exchange  computer system employs software programs to monitor network traffic for  identifying unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, and  otherwise cause damage. Unauthorized attempts to upload or change  information on this service are strictly prohibited and may be  punishable under applicable federal law.
Portions of the  Exchange web site are accessible only to authorized patrons and the  Exchange is required to ensure that only those with authorization can  have access to these portions of the web site. When you log-in your  computer will be asked to accept "cookies". These cookies may be  temporary or persistent (temporary cookies will expire at the end of  your session). We collect e-mail addresses and volunteered information  such as surveys and sweepstakes registration information from visitors  to our site. Our web site also automatically recognizes your internet  service provider. We do not sell or exchange names or any other  information about our online customers with third parties. We are  committed to ensuring your privacy as a customer and will only use this  information to improve your overall shopmyexchange.com, Exchange Online  Store, and Exchange Online Mall shopping experience.
With your  permission, we would like to contact you with news about products,  services and events. To voluntarily sign up to receive our periodic email newsletter .  If you change your mind and would like to be removed from the email  newsletter list, you can also Unsubscribe on the same page.
In  connection with authorized law enforcement investigations, the Exchange  may be required to identify individual users or their usage habits. Raw  data logs are scheduled for destruction in accordance with Exchange  internal guidelines.
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please Contact the Exchange .
What Personal Information About Customers Does the Exchange Gather?
The  information we learn from customers helps us personalize and  continually improve your shopping experience on the Exchange web sites.  Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Provide Us: Aside from the information available through the official DEERS  database, we receive and store (in many cases just temporarily) any  information you may enter on the Exchange web sites or provide us in  other ways electronically. You can choose not to provide certain  information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of  our features/offers online. We may use the information that you provide  for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future  shopping for you, improving our stores, and communicating with you.
Automatic Information: We  receive and store certain types of information during some of your  online interactions with us. For example, like most Web sites, we use  session and/or persistent "cookies," and we obtain certain types of  information when your Web browser accesses the Exchange web sites,  advertisements and other content served by us or on our behalf on other  Web sites.
E-mail/Marketing Communications: To help us  make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a  confirmation when you subscribe to our e-mails if your computer supports  such capabilities. If you do not want to receive e-mails or other mail  from us, please follow the Unsubscribe instructions at the bottom or  back of each of those materials.
Mobile Apps: Using the  Store Locator feature on one of our Exchange mobile apps you can always  find the nearest Exchange store location(s).  Our Exchange mobile app is  capable of using your mobile device's GPS or, if you'd rather, you can  enter a city and zip code to immediately locate the nearest Exchange  store(s) including directions, store name, store address, store phone  number, and number of miles from your designated location.  This  information is not stored or shared.
What Are Cookies (and What Are Your Options)
Cookies  are alphanumeric identifiers that we may transfer to your computer's  hard drive in the form of text files through your Web browser to enable  our systems to recognize your browser and in some instances to provide  personalized features/offers online.  As for the difference between  session cookies and persistent cookies:
Session Cookie: A  cookie that is erased when the user closes the Web browser.  The  session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after  the browser is closed. Session cookies do not collect information from  the user's computer. They typically will store information in the form  of a session identification that does not identify the user.  Session  cookies are also referred to as transient cookies or temporary cookies.
Persistent Cookie: A cookie that is stored on a user's hard drive until it expires  (persistent cookies are set with expiration dates) or until the user  deletes the cookie.  Persistent cookies are used to collect information  about the user, such as Web surfing behavior or user preferences for a  specific Web site.  Persistent cookies are also referred to as permanent  cookies or stored cookies.
The Help and/or  Tools/Options menu(s) on the toolbar of most browsers will tell you how  to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the  browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable  cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data  used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the  add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However,  because cookies may allow you to take advantage of some of our  features/offers online, we recommend that you leave cookies turned on.
What Web Analytics Service is Used (and What Are Your Options)?
Like  many other online retailers, the Exchange web sites use Google  Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google').  Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your  computer, to help the web site analyze how users use the site. The  information generated by the cookie about your use of the web site  (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google  on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for  the purpose of evaluating your use of the web site, compiling reports on  website activity for website operators and providing other services  relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also  transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by  law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's  behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data  held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the  appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do  this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this web  site. By using this web site, you consent to the processing of data  about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Due  to user privacy concerns, Google Analytics doesn't report on personally  identifiable information, including a visitor's IP address (IP address  is a unique identifier for a computer or device on a TCP/IP network such  as the Internet, an IP address is written as four numbers each  separated by periods and each number ranges from 0 to 255 [for example,  192.168.0.1]). Instead, Google Analytics provides aggregated data to  help participating web sites make informed business decisions.
What Choices Do You Have?
As  discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, even  though it might be needed to make a purchase or to take advantage of  various features/offers online.  Again, the Help and/or Tools/Options  menu(s) on the toolbar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent  your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify  you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.  Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser  add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or  visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. However, because cookies may  allow you to take advantage of some of our features/offers online, we  recommend that you leave cookies turned on.
As mentioned above,  if you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please  follow the Unsubscribe instructions at the bottom or back of each of  those materials.
You can add or update certain information (such as in the 'My Account' area of the Exchange Online Store).
Does the Exchange Share the Information We Receive?
Information  about our customers is an important part of our business. We at the  Exchange greatly respect our customers privacy and we do not sell or  exchange names or any other information about our customers with third  parties.
How Secure Is Information About Me?
We  work to protect the security of your information during transmission by  using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information  you input.
Making a purchase from the Exchange Online Store  generates an order confirmation e-mail which lists your payment method  (such as MILITARY STAR card, Visa, Discover, etc.) but does not list the  related credit card number or even a partial set of its digits. Of  course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate  credit card company during order processing.
It is important for  you to protect against unauthorized access to your username, password  and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared  computer.
Which Information Can I Access?
We  offer you access to a broad range of information about your account and  your interactions with the Exchange Online for the limited purpose of  viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information (such as inside  the 'My Account' area of the Exchange Online Store).
Are Children Allowed to Use the Exchange web sites?
The  Exchange does sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you  are under 18, you may use the Exchange web sites only with the  involvement of a parent or guardian.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If  you choose to visit the Exchange web sites, your visit and any dispute  over privacy is subject to this Policy, including limitations on  damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law. If you have  any concern about privacy at the Exchange web sites, please see the  'Customer Service' area of the Exchange Online Store and send us a  thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business  changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any  time also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our privacy policies,  unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site  frequently to see any updates in our latest version. Unless stated  otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we  have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make,  however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to  make them less protective of customer information collected in the past.
MILITARY STAR Card Privacy Notice
Privacy Act Statement (Authority, Principal Purpose[s], Routine Use[s], & Disclosure)
AUTHORITY: 10 U.S.C. 3013, Secretary of the Army; 10 U.S.C. 8013, Secretary of the  Air Force; Army Regulation 60-20, Army & Air Force Exchange Service  Operating Policies; and E.O. 9397 (SSN).
PRINCIPAL PURPOSE(S): To locate order information to reply to customer inquiries, complaints;  to create labels for shipment to proper location; to refund customer  remittances or to collect monies due; to provide claim and postal  authorities with confirmation/ certification of shipment for customer  claims for damage or lost shipments.
ROUTINE USES: In addition to  those disclosures generally permitted under 5 U.S.C. 552a(b) of the  Privacy Act, these records or information contained therein may  specifically be disclosed outside the DoD as a routine use pursuant to 5  U.S.C. 552a(b)(3) as follows:
The 'Blanket Routine Uses' set forth at the beginning of the Army's  compilation of systems of records notices apply to this system.
DISCLOSURE: Voluntary. However, failure to provide all the requested information  may result in denial of access to the Exchange web sites and failure to  respond to inquiries.
Receive exclusive email-only offers and advance notice about sale & events
Enter Email Address
