Email
Password
Verify Password
Birth Date
Country of residence
Terms – we want you to know exactly how our services work & why we need your registration details. Please read & agree to our terms & conditions.
Marketing communications – we don't want you to miss out on new tournaments, special offers, events and other promotions we think would interest you. Remember you can opt out at any time.
Yes please - send me offers or promotions from across the Gfinity Group* by email.
* includes Gfinity PLC, CEVO and RealSport101
Gfinity takes your privacy very seriously. Please read our Privacy Policy for more information.
Already have a Gfinity account? Log In
Login to Gfinity.
We have sent a confirmation e-mail to
We use cookies and similar technologies to help give you the best experience on our site, of our services & to serve you relevant advertising. If you continue to use this site, we'll assume that you're happy to receive all cookies. More info about our cookies policy
OK
 
How we use cookies
 
What are cookies?
 
What type of cookies do we use on our website?
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features. Without these cookies, services you have asked for such as remembering your login details cannot be provided.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information on how people use our website. For example, we use Google Analytics cookies to help us understand how customers arrive at our website, browse or use our website and highlight areas where we can improve areas such as navigation, the user experience for playing in tournaments and marketing campaigns. The data stored by these cookies never shows personally identifiable information from which your individual identity can be established.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies remember choices you make such as the country you visit our website from, language and search parameters such as size, colour or product line. These can then be used to provide you with an experience more appropriate to your selections and to make the visits more tailored and pleasant. The information these cookies collect may be anonymised and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites.
Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advert as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. The cookies are usually placed by third party advertising networks. They remember the websites you visit and that information is shared with other parties such as advertisers. These cookies are not within our control. Please refer to the relevant third party advertising network’s privacy policy for details of how their cookies work.
Social Media Cookies
 
Your choices when it comes to cookies
You can use your browser settings to accept or reject new cookies and to delete existing cookies. You can also set your browser to notify you each time new cookies are placed on your computer or other device. You can find more detailed information about how you can manage Cookies at the All About Cookies and Your Online Choices websites. 
Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website. 
 
Contact us
 
Platform
