Car Research
This privacy policy is effective as of July 31, 2018. Please note that this privacy policy will be updated to reflect any important changes in the way we handle your personal data or any changes in applicable laws.
. . . more
See less
This privacy policy describes how J.D. Power and its affiliates (“J.D. Power” or “we” or “our”) collect, use, and share information about you as well as your rights and choices about such use and sharing. This privacy policy applies to your use of any of our websites, apps, or other services that reference this privacy policy or that are otherwise described in this privacy policy as a J.D. Power offering or method of information collection (collectively, the “Service”). This privacy policy applies unless you are in a country where we maintain a country specific privacy policy.
By using the Service, you agree to our Terms of Use and to our collection, use and disclosure practices, and other activities as described in this privacy policy. If you do not agree and consent, discontinue use of the Service.
While this privacy policy is intended to describe the broadest range of our personal information processing activities globally, those processing activities may be more limited in some jurisdictions based on the restrictions of their laws. For example, the laws of a country may limit the types of personal information we can collect or the way we process that personal information. In those instances, we adjust our internal policies and/or practices to reflect the requirements of local law.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section.
How do we collect information?
The following are examples of the ways we collect information about you:
Through your survey responses in connection with market research conducted by J.D. Power or commissioned by one of our enterprise customers.
Through your use of our websites, including jdpower.com , jdpoweronline.com , pinpowerdealer.com, nadaguides.com and nada.com/b2b.
Through your use of our mobile apps, including the J.D. Power App, J.D. Power FastTrack and NADA MarketValues.
Through phone calls, emails and/or other forms of communications with you.
From third parties, including third parties that are part of our Power Information Network (PIN) operations. The third parties from which we receive information include affiliates, clients, service providers, social media platforms, automobile dealers with whom we have contractual relationships with, data brokers from which we purchase demographic, location and other data to supplement the data we collect, partners with which we offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities, and publicly-available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.
What types of information do we collect?
The information we collect sometimes includes personal data, which is information relating to identified or identifiable natural persons. Some examples of the types of information we may collect include:
Identity information, such as your first name and last name.
Demographic information, such as date of birth, gender, country, and other demographics.
Contact information, such as your address, email address and phone number.
Credentials and Authentication Information, such as your username, password, password hints, and other information for authentication and account access.
Payment Data, such as payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument.
Vehicle transaction information, such as your vehicle identification number, make and model of vehicle purchased or leased, and details of purchase transaction, including lease and finance information, collected as part of our PIN operations.
Profile Data, such as interests, favorites, and other profile data.
Content that you create, load, or share on the Service, such as survey responses, recordings, photos, videos and product reviews.
Resume Data necessary to consider you for a job opening if you submit an application to us, including your employment history, transcript, writing samples, and references.
You may choose to voluntarily submit other information to us through the Service that we do not request, and, in such instances, you are solely responsible for such information.
Information we collect automatically
We may automatically collect information about your device and how your device interacts with our Service, some of which may include your personal data. We may use service providers to collect this information. Some examples of information we collect include:
Service Use Data. We collect data about how you use the Service and interact with us, such as the features you use, the pages you visit, the e-mails and ads you view, the products you purchase, the time of day you browse, your referring and exiting pages, and other similar information.
Device Connectivity and Configuration Data. We collect data about the type of device or browser you use your device’s operating software, your device’s regional and language settings, your IP address, MAC address, device advertising ID (e.g., IDFA or AAID), other device identifiers, device carrier, time zone, network status, browser identifier, location, internet service provider, operating system and other information that alone or in combination may be used to uniquely identify your device or computer.
Location Data. We collect data about your device’s location, which can be precise (e.g., latitude/longitude data) or imprecise (e.g., location derived from an IP address or data that indicates a city or postal code level).
Information we collect on behalf of our clients.
For certain Services, we collect and process information about individuals (including through Tracking Technologies, defined below) at our clients’ direction (“Client Data”). Client Data has historically included identity data, demographic information, contact information, content, service use data, device connectivity and configuration data, and location data, among other information. To the extent we combine Client Data with information we have collected about you through the Service, we will treat the combined information in accordance with the practices described in this privacy policy, plus any additional restrictions imposed by our clients or other partners or vendors with whom we may be working with when processing such information. We are not responsible for how our clients treat the information we collect on their behalf, and we recommend you review their own privacy policies.
How do we use your information?
Subject to the “Additional details about how we use survey research” section below, we may use your information, including personal data, to:
manage the Service.
perform services requested by you and provide customer service.
conduct market research into consumer preferences and attitudes around a variety of products and services, including surveys.
verify consumer responses if needed to ensure the accuracy of our research.
enter you for a sweepstakes, contest or other promotion.
share your product reviews on the Service and on Third Party Services.
communicate with you, including to respond to inquiries.
process payment information for your purchases.
manage our contractual relationship with you.
send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, information regarding changes to our policies, and support and administrative messages.
link or combine your information with other information we get from third parties.
create data for analytics, segmentation for personalized advertising, or statistical market models.
develop and send you direct marketing for products and services including ads and communications about our and third party products, offers, promotions, rewards, events, and services.
serve advertising tailored to your interests on our Service and Third Party Services.
enhance security, monitor and verify identity or service access, combat spam or other malware or security risks.
comply with law or a legal process (including a court or government order or subpoena), enforce this privacy policy or our legal rights, prevent and address fraud, and protect the rights, property or safety of J.D. Power, our clients, our users and/or the public.
conduct audits, collect and assess feedback, identify usage trends, measure ad effectiveness and evaluate and improve our products, services, marketing and client relationships.
as otherwise permitted under this privacy policy or as otherwise authorized by you.
We may use information that does not identify you (including information that has been de-identified) without obligation to you except as prohibited by applicable law.
Additional details about how we use survey research Your participation in market research surveys helps our clients measure customer satisfaction and produce better quality products and services. As a survey participant, your information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy, except that you will never be contacted for sales or marketing based on your survey responses without your express consent. If you are completing a J.D. Power survey as a member of a third party panel, we will also follow any additional restrictions imposed by that panel’s privacy policy. While participating in a survey, you may be given the option to submit a photo, video or audio recording for facial expression and/or voice analysis. Submission is always optional, and we will only conduct this type of analysis with your express consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time.
How do we share information?
Subject to the “Additional details about how we share survey research” section below, we may share your information, including personal data, to third parties under the following circumstances:
With our service providers as necessary to enable them to provide services to us. Examples include service providers who help with marketing, billing, accounting, processing credit card payments, data analysis, data matching, technical support and customer service. Service providers are prohibited from using your information for any purpose other than to provide this assistance, although we may permit them to use aggregate information which does not identify you or de-identified data for other purposes.
With our partners that are engaged in joint sales or product promotions. We also allow certain third parties to integrate components of our services into their own websites and apps. Please be aware that we do not control our business partners’ use of such information. Our partners are responsible for managing their own use of the information collected in these circumstances. We recommend you review the privacy policies of the relevant partner to find out more about their handling of your personal data.
With other third parties for purposes of facilitating your requests and in connection with tailoring ads, and measuring and improving our Service and advertising effectiveness.
With our clients in connection with our processing of your information on their behalf. For example, we share your information with our clients to conduct market research services, respond to your questions and comments, comply with your requests, market and advertise to you, and otherwise comply with applicable law.
For legal purposes, as reasonably necessary to comply with law or a legal process (including a court or government order or subpoena), to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, to enforce this privacy policy, and to protect the rights, property or safety of J.D. Power, our users, and/or the public.
With our affiliates and subsidiaries for purposes consistent with this privacy policy, including customer support, marketing, and technical operations. In such cases, our subsidiaries and corporate affiliates will also meet the data protection obligations contained in this policy.
During a corporate transaction, such as a merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy, we reserve the right to sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal data. We will make reasonable efforts to require the recipient to honor this privacy policy.
Consent. We may share your information for any other purpose with your express consent.
Without limiting the foregoing, in our sole discretion, we may share aggregated information which does not identify you (or de-identified information about you) with third parties or affiliates for any purpose except as prohibited by applicable law.
Additional details about how we share survey research As a survey participant, your information will be used in accordance with this privacy policy, except that we will not share your survey responses with a third party for sales or marketing purposes without your express consent.
How long do we keep your information?
We will retain your information, including personal data, for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it and as permissible by applicable law.
To determine the appropriate retention period for information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your information, the purposes for which we process your information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Tracking technologies
We use various technologies to collect the information identified above under the “Information we collect automatically” section (“Tracking Technologies”), including the following:
Cookies and pixel tags Cookies are small data files that contain a string of characters, such as an anonymous unique browser identifier. Cookies are stored on your computer or other device and act as tags that identify your device. Our servers and our third party advertising partners send your browser or device a cookie when you visit our websites, and we, along with our clients and partners, do likewise on their websites or through their multi-site platforms. A pixel tag (also known as a web beacon) is an invisible 1 x 1 pixel that is placed on certain web pages. When you access a webpage, pixel tags generate a notice of the visit and permit us to set or read our cookies. Pixel tags are used to track activity on a site by a particular device. Even if you turn off cookies, pixel tags can detect a unique website visit. We (and partners we work with) use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you when you visit a website, track user trends, measure ad effectiveness and collect information about how you use our websites, use our clients’ websites or interact with our or our partners’ advertising. We also use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace irrelevant ads with ads that better match your interests.
Mobile identifiers and SDKs We also use, or partner with clients or service providers that use, mobile SDKs to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information connected to how mobile devices interact with our websites or services. The SDK is computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We use this technology to analyze or measure certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in the below section titled “Your AdChoices”.
Location-Identifying technologies GPS, WiFi, Bluetooth, and other location-aware technologies may be used to collect precise location data when you enable location-based services through your device. Location data may be used for purposes such as verifying your device’s location and delivering or restricting relevant content and advertising based on that location.
Some information about your use of the Service and certain Third Party Services (defined below) may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by us and third parties (sometimes in combination with vehicle transaction information collected as part of our PIN operations) for purposes such as to associate different devices you use, deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Service and certain Third Party Services and more efficiently analyze online or offline consumers.
In addition, in the future, we may elect to use various other existing – and as of the date of this privacy policy, yet to be created – Tracking Technologies.
Third parties.
Third Party Services. Our Service contains content from and hyperlinks to websites, locations, platforms, and services operated and owned by third parties (“Third Party Services”). We also may allow you to connect our Service to a Third Party Service (such as when you “like” our content through a social media platform) or may offer our Service through a Third Party Service (such as a brand page on a social media platform). These Third Party Services may use Tracking Technologies to independently collect information about you and may solicit information from you. The information collected and stored by third parties, whether through our Service or a Third Party Service, remains subject to their own policies and practices, including what information they share with us, your rights and choices on their services and devices, and whether they store information in the U.S. or elsewhere. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.
Analytics and interest-based advertising. Our Service contains Tracking Technologies owned and operated by Third Parties. For example, we use Tracking Technologies from third party analytics providers, such as Google Analytics, to help us analyze your use of the Service, compile statistical reports on the Service’s activity, and provide us with other services relating to Service activity and internet usage. We also work with ad serving services, advertisers, and other third parties to serve ads on the Service and/or on Third Party Services (“Interest-based Advertising”). These third parties may use Tracking Technologies on our Service and Third Party Services to track your activities across time and services for purposes of associating the different devices you use, and delivering relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Service and Third Party Services or third party devices after you have left the Service.
We serve ads on and through Third Party Services, such as Facebook, Jumpstart Automotive Media and Google, that are targeted to reach people (or people similar to people) who have visited our Service or are identified in one or more of our databases (“Matched Ads”). This is done by us uploading a customer list to the Third Party Service or incorporating a pixel from the Third Party Service on our Service, and the Third Party Service matching common factors between our data and their data. To opt-out of receiving Matched Ads, please contact the applicable Third Party Service. If we use Facebook Custom Audiences to serve Matched Ads on Facebook services, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of such Facebook ads and find out how to opt-out. We may also use data matching services such as LiveRamp, Tapad and others to help us measure ad effectiveness and create data for analytics, segmentation for personalized advertising and statistical market models. You can find out how to opt-out from Live Ramp by visiting liveramp.com/opt_out and from Tapad by visiting tapad.com/privacy-policy/#opt-out . We are not responsible for a Third Party Service’s failure to comply with your opt-out instructions
Your choices
Review and update of information. You may access, update, or remove certain information that you have voluntarily submitted to us through the Service by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address set forth in the “Contact Us” section. We may require additional information from you to allow us to confirm your identity. Please note that we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. California residents and data subjects in Europe have additional rights as set forth in the sections entitled “Your California privacy rights” and “Additional information for data subjects in Europe” below.
Tracking technology choices. Cookies and Pixels. As discussed above, most browsers accept cookies by default. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to decline or delete cookies. If you use multiple browsers on your device, you will need to instruct each browser separately. Your ability to limit cookies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.
App Technologies. You can reset your device advertising Id at any time through your device settings, which is designed to allow you to limit the use of information collected about you. For information on how to do this on Apple devices, visit Apple.com or support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074 . For information on how to do this on Android devices, visit Google.com. You can stop all collection of information via an app by uninstalling the app.
Location-Identifying Technologies. The location data collected through an app depends on your device settings and app permissions. You can exercise choice over the location data collected through our apps by (i) for GPS data, disabling location in your device settings or disabling location permissions to that app; (ii) for Bluetooth data, disabling Bluetooth and any Bluetooth scanning option in your device settings; or (iii) for WiFi data, disabling WiFi and any WiFi scanning option in your device settings. You can stop collection of all location data via an app by uninstalling the app.
Please be aware that if you disable or remove Tracking Technologies some parts of the Service may not function correctly.
Do not track Because there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers, we do not presently respond to them.
Your AdChoices J.D. Power participates in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. Some of the third parties that collect information from or about you on the Service also participate in the DAA program. The DAA program offers a centralized location where users can make choices about the use of their information for online behavioral advertising. To learn more about the DAA and your opt-out options for their members, please visit (i) for website opt-out, aboutads.info/choices and (ii) for mobile app opt-out, aboutads.info/appchoices .
In addition, some of these third parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, please visit networkadvertising.org/choices . To learn more about your EU Online Choices, please visit youronlinechoices.eu .
You can opt-out of your data being used by Google Analytics through cookies by visiting tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
You can opt-out of your online data being used by J.D. Power in combination with vehicle transaction information collected as part of our PIN operations by visiting jdpower.com/korrelate/opt-out .
Please note that if you opt-out of online behavioral advertising using any of these methods, the opt-out will only apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt-out. Further, opting-out only means that the selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you, but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). We are not responsible for effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.
You may also limit our use of information collected from or about your mobile device for purposes of serving online behavioral advertising to you by going to your device settings and selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt-out of Interest-Based Ads” (for Android devices).
How to opt-out
Email You have the right to opt-out of any marketing or survey communications from J.D. Power.
You can opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails or surveys from us at any time by following the instructions as provided in e-mails or surveys, clicking on the unsubscribe link, or e-mailing us at the e-mail address set forth in the “Contact Us” section with the word UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject field of the e-mail. Please note that you cannot opt-out of non-promotional e-mails, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or J.D. Power’s ongoing business relations.
Text messages and phone calls. When you complete a market research survey, we may request your phone number. If you give us your phone number or if you shared your phone number with one of our market research clients, you consent that we and/or our service providers may, from time to time, call or text you on your cell phone (using predictive dialers and/or Automatic Telephone Dialing Systems – and, also, pre-recorded calls in the case of phone calls) for market research surveys, to provide reminders, or to offer you additional survey opportunities.
You can opt-out of receiving text messages or calls to your phone number at any time by (i) for text messages, texting “STOP” in response to any text message you receive from us or contacting us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section and specifying you want to opt-out of text messages; and (ii) for calls, requesting opt-out during any call you receive from us or contacting us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section and specifying you want to opt-out of calls.
Your California Privacy Rights
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and wish to obtain information about our compliance with this law, please contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section. Requests must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that J.D. Power is not required to respond to requests made by means other than through the provided e-mail address or mail address.
Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the Service and posted content or information on the Service, can request that such information be removed from the Service by sending an e-mail to the e-mail address set forth in the section entitled “Contact Us” below. Requests must state that the user personally posted such content or information and detail where the content or information is posted. We will make reasonable good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view.
How is information protected?
We take appropriate steps including technical and organizational measures designed to help protect your information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Unfortunately, the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us.
International transfers
J.D. Power is headquartered in the United States and has affiliates and service providers around the globe, and your information is transferred to the United States or other locations outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service, including personal data, may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. Your use of the Service or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information in the U.S. and other jurisdictions as set forth in this privacy policy. If your information is collected in Europe, we will transfer your personal data subject to appropriate or suitable safeguards, such as EU standard contractual clauses.
Special note about children
Our Service is not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect information from children as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act “(COPPA”) or other applicable law. In the event that we learn that we have inadvertently collected information from a child, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child, please contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section.
Changes to this privacy policy
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this privacy policy by posting such change, update, or modification on our website. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the website. Accordingly, we encourage you to refer to this privacy policy on an ongoing basis. This privacy policy is current as of the date which appears at the top of this privacy policy. We will treat your information in a manner consistent with the privacy policy under which it was collected, unless we have your consent to treat it differently. By using the websites or the services following any privacy policy change, you freely and specifically give us your consent to collect, use, transfer, and disclose your information in the manner specified in the then-current privacy policy. If the changes are material, we may provide you additional notice to your e-mail address.
Contact us
If you have any questions or complaints regarding our privacy practices or this privacy policy, contact us via email or mail at the addresses below.
Email:
Westlake Village, CA 91362
Email:
Additional information for data subjects in Europe
Data controller EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “processors”). J.D. Power may act as either a controller or a processor depending on the circumstances. J.D. Power, is the controller with respect to information you provide through the Service.
Sometimes J.D. Power operates as a processor on behalf of a client, a separate legal entity, which is the data controller. For example, J.D. Power provides market research services to its clients and processes personal data on their behalf through collection and analysis of survey responses. Please visit the applicable client’s privacy policy for information about their privacy practices. Any questions that you may have relating to such personal data and your rights under data protection law should therefore be directed to the client as the controller, not to J.D. Power.
Your rights and our Data Protection Officer If you are a data subject in Europe, you have the right to access, rectify, or erase any personal data we have collected about you through the Service. You also have the right to data portability and the right to restrict or object to our processing of personal data we have collected about you through the Service. In addition, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data (or provide it to third parties to process) for marketing purposes or purposes materially different than for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. You may withdraw your consent at any time for any data processing we do based on consent you have provided to us.
You may exercise your rights by submitting a written request to our Data Protection Officer at the address set forth in the “Contact Us” section. We will respond to your request within 30 days. We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal data or response to your requests regarding your personal data, you may contact our Data Protection Officer or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.
J.D. Power acknowledges that you have rights in connection with Client Data to the extent it contains your personal data. If your information has been processed by J.D. Power on behalf of a client and you wish to exercise any rights you have with such information, please inquire with our client directly. If you wish to make your request directly to J.D. Power, please provide the name of the J.D. Power client on whose behalf J.D. Power processed your information. We will refer your request to that client, and will support them to the extent required by applicable law in responding to your request.
Legal basis for processing We will not process your personal data unless we have a lawful basis for processing. Our lawful bases include where: (a) you have given your consent to our processing for a specific purpose, either to us or to our service providers, partners or clients; (b) processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you or to comply with a legal obligation; or (c) processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by J.D. Power or a third-party controller, including our clients.
J.D. Power Affiliates as of July 31, 2018
J.D. Power
J.D. Power Japan, Inc.
J.D. Power Europe GmbH
J.D. Power (Thailand) Limited
J.D. Power Mexico S. de R.L. de C.V
J.D. Power Brasil Infor
J.D. Power Canada Inc.             J.D. Power Korea, LLC
National Appraisal Guides, Inc.
Real insights from real owners
Learn More
