Find Your Next Vacation Rental...
With over 10 million Vacation Rental Homes around the world, you'll find the perfect place, no matter where you want to go.
Privacy Policy
At Left Travel we know that protecting the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information is important. This Privacy Policy governs the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in any form, whether written or electronic, by this Site and its affiliates. The collection, use and disclosure of your personal information is governed by the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (the "Act"), and any applicable provincial legislation. This Privacy Policy explains what personal information may be collected from you and how it is used. It also explains how you can ask questions, make suggestions, and express concerns about our privacy practices.
If you have any questions about data protection, please send us an e-mail or contact our data protection officer directly.
1. Personal and anonymized data
Personal data is only retained to the extent necessary, to comply with legal requirements, or for the purposes described below.
You can visit our website without any personal data being collected. If you visit our site, we automatically collect and store information sent to us by your browser from your server log files.
This includes:
Browser type;
Operating system;
The host name of the accessing computer (IP address);
Time of the server request.
These data are not stored in a way that makes personal identification possible. We do not compile these data with other data sources. After statistical analysis, data are then deleted. Please refer to "Collection, use, and disclosure of personal data" section below.
2. Collection, use, and disclosure of personal data
The collection, use, and disclosure of personal data occur when it is voluntarily provided to us, for example, if you subscribe to our newsletter, send us a request via the contact form, or register on our site.
We commit to take all necessary and reasonable measures to ensure the secure transmission and dutiful, responsible handling of your data. Any further disclosure of personal data to third parties does not take place unless it is necessary to enforce our rights when there is a pertinent legal obligation or official demand.
We collect demographic information, as well as interaction data in order to gain a better understanding of your interests so that we may develop better products and services, and to determine your eligibility for other products and services. If you choose to opt-out of any use of your personal information in accordance with our opt-out policy, we will keep your contact information on a list so that your request can be honoured. If you provide a complaint to any of our departments, we will collect your contact information and the nature of your complaint, for the purpose of investigating your concerns and responding to you.
3. Use of the contact form
If you wish to make contact with our company, you can use the contact or inquiry form provided on our website. When making use of this, personal data are collected only to the extent freely provided by you. It is, however, necessary that you provide your first and last name or a pseudonym and a valid email address for the processing of your request. Data provided for contact/inquiry purposes are not subject to processing or use. In processing your request, we will forward your data to your chosen service provider when necessary. No other disclosure to third parties will occur without our consent unless we are legally required to do so by a court order, administrative decision or by law.
4. Sign up for the newsletter
We offer a regular newsletter through our website. To receive the newsletter, a one-off provision of personal data is required, in particular, title, name or a pseudonym and a valid email address. Newsletters will not be sent to you without your express consent. Following registration for the website's newsletter, you will receive a confirmation link via email, which must be confirmed for final registration. Only then will you receive the newsletter.
You can unsubscribe from our newsletter service at any time, either by email (contact details below or available in the website's legal details) or by pressing the unsubscribe link contained in the newsletter.
5. Disclosure, changes, and cancellation
You are entitled to at any time access the details of your data collected and stored by us. You can object to any future use of your stored personal data. In the above cases, send your request in writing to Customer Service at: [email protected] . You may also write to us at Unit #4 – 20000 Stewart Crescent, Maple Ridge, BC, V2X 9E7.
6. Use of cookies
We use cookies at several points on our site. They serve to make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. Most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." They are automatically detected after your visit. Cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain viruses.
If you do not want to use cookies, you have the option to block them by changing your browser settings for storing of cookies or remove cookies already stored. The following link - http://allaboutcookies.org has useful information about cookies. However, please be aware that by disabling cookies, you may not be able to use all portions of our websites.  We may place advertising or other links on our websites that originate from outside advertisers. If you view these ads, the advertisers may assign a cookie.  Left Travel does not control these cookies, nor is it responsible for any marketing or other use of your information by these advertisers.  You can also choose to be notified before a cookie is generated. If you modify or disable browser settings for the use of cookies, the functionality of the site cannot be fully guaranteed.
Our websites may use Web beacon, gif, or other technologies to better tailor and manage advertising on those sites. These technologies may be in use on a number of pages across web sites. When you access these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by us or by our suppliers. These Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies. If you turn off cookies, Web beacon and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded.
Many of our websites use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
These companies may assign cookies and/or use other tracking technologies. Please note that limiting third-party cookies through your browser controls will not necessarily opt you out of first­ or third-party interest-based advertising, as some technologies (including those we or our partners may use) may not respond to these browser controls. Left Travel and this Site does not control these cookies or other tracking technologies, nor is it responsible for any marketing or other use of your information by these advertisers. To learn more about tracking that outside technology companies use and to opt out of their interest-based tracking, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out .We use IP (internet protocol) addresses, to gather demographic and statistical information about our users, for systems administration and to diagnose problems with our servers, and to administer our websites. We may also use IP addresses to display or allow our third party advertising providers to display more targeted advertising and content.
We may, from time to time, track and analyze anonymous usage and browsing patterns of visitors to our websites to provide our advertisers with more targeted advertising opportunities and to help users see advertising that is most likely to interest them.
7. Google Analytics
To tailor our website to suit your interests better, we use "Google Analytics," a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA, 94043, USA (henceforth "Google"). Cookies are used as part of Google Analytics (see Section 8). The information generated by cookies concerning your use of this website is transmitted to and stored in a Google server in the USA. Google will use this information to compile website activity reports for site operators and for the provision of other website-related services. Google may also pass this information on to third parties if required to do so by law or when third parties process the data on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the storing of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. We would like to point out, however, that if you do this, it may not be possible to use all the functions of this website to their full extent.
If you do not want Google to receive information from your browser when you visit the site, you can find an opt-out solution for Google Analytics at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. This plugin prevents the browser from requesting the analytics code so that Google does not receive data when you access the page. The plugin is available for different browser types. According to Google, once installed, the browser will block the Google Analytics script.
Nonetheless, this website always uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()," so IP addresses are processed only in truncated versions to exclude the possibility of direct identification of a person, ensuring that no detailed IP address information is being transmitted by you when you visit the site.
8. The remarketing or similar target groups feature of Google Inc.
This site utilizes the remarketing, or similar target groups function provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. Google). This feature makes it possible to provide site visitors with personalized, targeted advertising. Interest-based advertising is displayed to the visitor when visiting other websites in the Google Display Network.
Google uses cookies to perform an analysis of page use, which forms the basis for the creation of interest-based advertisements . Storage of personal data does not occur. Upon subsequent visits to other websites in the Google Display Network, advertisements displayed are based on product and information types that the site visitor viewed on previous Internet sites.
You can permanently disable the use of cookies by Google by visiting the following link and changing the appropriate settings for management of cookies:
Deactivate Google Analytics http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/managing/
Changes to the advertising settings can be made under https://www.google.com/settings/ads
Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies by third parties by visiting the deactivation website of the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ and opting out there.
Further information about Google remarketing and the Google privacy policy can be viewed at http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/
9. Use of Google Adwords Conversion-Tracking
We use the online advertising program, Google AdWords, provided by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; Google) and in the context of the conversion-tracking analytical service.
When you click an ad delivered by Google, a cookie for conversion tracking is stored.
The cookies used as part of conversion-tracking lose their validity after 30 days, do not contain any personal data and are not used for personal identification. If our website is accessed before the expiry deadline, the cookie can be used to show how visitors have been directed to our website (especially when this occurs through an advertisement). Each Google AdWords advertiser has a different cookie.
Using the information that the conversion cookie captures, conversion statistics are created for AdWords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. This allows advertisers to know the total number of users who have viewed their ads and have been forwarded to a website tagged with a conversion tracking tag. Advertisers do not, however, obtain any information that can be used to identify users personally.
If you do not wish to participate in the tracking process, you can disable the automatic setting of cookies in your browser settings. You can also choose to block only specific cookies for conversion tracking by modifying your browser settings so that cookies from the domain "googleadservices.com" are not allowed.
For further information and to view the Google privacy policy, see http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/ and http://www.google.de/policies/privacy/
10. Further Google Analytics functions for displaying advertising
We use the following Google Analytics functions for displaying advertising:
Google Display Network Impression Reporting
Google Analytics demographics and interests reporting.
These reporting capabilities allow us to use and evaluate data obtained from Google as part of interest-based advertising as well as visitor data from third parties on Google Analytics. The data include information such as age, gender, and interests.
You can deactivate Google Analytics for advertising at any time and adjust Google Display Network advertising. Advertising settings can be accessed under https://www.google.com/settings/ads .
11. Google AdSense
On our website, we use Google AdSense, a service of Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google") for including advertisements. Google AdSense uses cookies (see section 8).
Google AdSense also uses Web beacons (also called counting or tracking pixels). These are invisible graphics that allow, for example, analysis of clicks and visitor traffic on our website.
The information generated via cookies and Web beacons (including IP address and delivery of advertising formats) is transmitted to Google's servers in the USA and then stored there. This information may be shared with third parties by Google if required to do so by law, or when third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the saving of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, we would like to point out that if you do this, not all functions of this website may be able to be used to their full extent.
If you do not agree to the use of pixel tags, you have the option, among others, to use the appropriate browser extensions (add-ons) to make pixel tags visible or to selectively block pixel tags.
12. Interest-based advertisement via Intent Media
We offer personalized shopping experiences and advertising through Intent Media, which uses online identifiers to identify visitors. To view Intent Media’s privacy policy, click here . To opt out, click here .
Intent Media, part of Intent Media, Inc. can be reached via Privacy Department, 315 Hudson Street, 9th Floor, New York, NY 10013, USA.
Intent Media does, as per its statement, collect non-personal information about the user behavior of our website's visitors, for example, information about the type of browser, internet service provider, IP address, time and date of a visit, and number of clicks. Further information can be found at http://intentmedia.com/privacy-policy/
If you do not want to take part in the service's Intent Media, Inc. offers, you can object to the service by following this hyperlink, http://intentmedia.com/opt-out/ , and choosing to accept an opt-out cookie from Intent Media, Inc. on the opt-out info page.
Alternatively, you can completely disallow the use of cookies by third parties by opening the deactivation site of the Network Advertising Initiative here http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or here www.youronlinechoices.eu and perusing the information about opting out of services.
13. Integration of social network plugins
Plugins from different social networks are included on our site. These are provided by the following services:
Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA, 94304, USA; "Facebook");
Twitter Inc. (795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA, 94107, USA; "Twitter");
Google Inc. (see 10 et seq.).
The plugins are identified on our website by the names as mentioned earlier or by small icons. If you access our site from an internet site which contains such a plugin, a connection will be established to the respective provider's server, and the plugin will be displayed as a message to your browser from the website. Pages you have visited will be transmitted to the vendor's server through this connection. If you are logged in as a member of the respective social network, the provider will assign this information to your account. When using the plugin functions (e.g., clicking on the "Facebook" button) this information will also be attached to your account on the social network.
If you would like to prevent such data transfers, you must log out of the respective social network account before visiting our website. For more information on data collection, analysis, and processing carried out by the above-listed providers, as well as confirmation of your related rights, please see the privacy policy of the respective vendors: Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation ), Twitter: ( http://twitter.com/privacy ), and Google+: ( https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/?hl=en ).
14. Updating and documentation of the privacy policy
Development of our website or the implementation of new technologies may necessitate changes to this privacy policy. We reserve the right to replace the privacy policy at any time. We recommend that you read the current privacy policy from time to time or that you save or print a copy.
15. Scope
This privacy policy applies to all pages of all Left Travel websites, that can be found on our server. It does not apply to linked sites or third-party content.
How to address concerns regarding your privacy.
Left Travel and this Site encourages you to contact us with any questions or concerns you have about your privacy or this Privacy Policy. If you have a question concerning this Site’s Privacy Policy, please contact [email protected] . You may also write to Left Travel Privacy & Data Protection; Unit #4 – 20000 Stewart Crescent, Maple Ridge, BC, V2X 9E7.
We have helped 3,362,712 travelers find the perfect vacation rental.  Find, compare, and book from more than 10 million listings!
Call us today at
Rent By Owner Vacation Rentals
There is something quite magical about living like a local                                     and enjoying the comforts of home when you travel.                                     Rent By Owner makes it easy for you to rent a house, apartment,                                     or villa that has just the right location and amenities you need                                     for a great trip. Start your search now and let us show you just                                     how easy it is to rent a vacation home, directly from the property owner.
Copyright © 2018 RentByOwner.com . All Rights Reserved.
Questions?
1-888-216-4649
Rent By Owner Vacation Rentals
There is something quite magical about living like a local                                         and enjoying the comforts of home when you travel.                                         RentByOwner.com makes it easy for you to rent a house, apartment,                                         or villa that has just the right location and amenities you need                                         for a great trip. Start your search now and let us show you just                                         how easy it is to rent a vacation home, directly from the property owner.
Copyright © 2016 RentByOwner.com . All Rights Reserved.
Questions?
1-888-216-4649
