Your browser in is private mode or is not currently set to accept cookies
therefore you will not be able to experience the website in full.
LV NOW LV NOW
World of Louis Vuitton
World of Louis Vuitton
World of Louis Vuitton
Héritage & Savoir-Faire Héritage & Savoir-Faire
TERMS OF USE
Terms and conditions for orders placed by telephone or via the Louis Vuitton website
For further information, please contact our client services team on: 1300 582 827 (local rate)
PRELIMINARIES
These are the terms and conditions of sale ("Conditions") of Louis Vuitton Australia Pty Ltd whose registered office is Level 4, 70 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000 Australia (ABN 41 005 918 678). These terms will apply to all purchases of goods in Australia when you order via our website ( www.louisvuitton.com ) (our "Website") or by telephone using our client services team. Please read this document carefully before placing your order.
By placing an order by telephone through our client services team, you confirm your unconditional acceptance of these conditions.
By accepting the terms and conditions when confirming your order, you confirm your unconditional acceptance of these conditions.
Please note that:
Not all items featured in our catalogue, on our website, in advertisements or fashion features are available by telephone order or via our website. Certain categories of goods are not available via our mail order service: ready to wear, trunks, etc. In addition, ready to wear, shoes, trunks and Mon Monogram are not available via Click & Collect. Please consult our website to check whether the goods are available via telephone or website order.
We may change these conditions from time to time. The latest version of these conditions is available on our website. The conditions which appear on our website at the time you place your order are the conditions which apply to your order,
These conditions can be saved electronically or printed by all users of our website. Whilst they remain posted on our website, these conditions will apply to all transactions carried out via our website and by telephone.
1. SCOPE
1.1 In these conditions:
1.1.1 "Customer" means a person acting as a consumer who is purchasing goods outside the course of his or her business or trade;
1.1.2 "you" means the customer submitting an order for goods;
1.1.3 "Goods" means the goods to be supplied under these conditions;
1.1.4 "Party" means either you or us; "Parties" means you and us;
1.1.5 "Personalised Goods" means goods that are personalised for you, whether through our "Mon Monogram" service, hot stamping or otherwise;
1.1.6 "Writing" means letter, fax or email.
1.2 The contract for supply of goods ("Contract") will be formed when we accept your order. Acceptance of an order by us can only be made in Writing save where ordering goods over the telephone. Once the Contract has been formed with you we will file it in paper copy for our records. All orders are subject to availability.
1.3 Orders may only be placed by customers aged 18 and over.
1.4 In deciding whether to accept your order we may carry out a credit check and then will only accept your order if we are satisfied with the results of such a check. You confirm that you agree to us carrying out such a check.
1.5 These conditions and any matters referred to on our receipt form the entire understanding between you and us and supersede any prior promises, representations whether by statements or conduct (except where the representation was fraudulent) or undertakings.
1.6 Any omission or error in any sales literature, or in any advertisement whether in newspapers, magazines, on the Internet or otherwise or in any invoice or other document issued by us may be corrected by us without liability.
1.7 By accepting the contract you confirm that you are a customer in Australia.
1.8 Clause headings are for convenience only and do not affect the interpretation of these conditions. Words in the singular include the plural and vice versa.
2. IDENTIFICATION OF THE OFFER OR
Louis Vuitton Australia Pty Ltd (ABN 41 005 918 678) whose registered office is Level 4, 70 King Street Sydney, NSW, 2000 Australia (referred to in these terms as "we" or "us").
3. INFORMATION RELATING TO GOODS
Information on the range of goods sold via our telephone order service or via our website is available, with product references, in all Louis Vuitton stores and on our website. All orders are subject to availability. Note that "Mon Monogram" personalised goods may be ordered via our website but not via our telephone order service.
4. ORDERS
4.1 Orders by telephone
Orders can be placed in English with our client services team by calling telephone number 1300 582 827 (local rate), 9 am to 6 pm during Monday to Sunday excluding public holidays (Australian Eastern time).
4.2 Orders via our website:
4.2.1 Orders can be placed through the Australian section of our website. You will be responsible for paying any costs of connection to our website.
4.2.2 The Terms of Use applicable to the website will apply in respect of any order placed through the website.
4.2.3 We try to ensure that the information posted on the website is correct and up-to-date. We reserve the right to change or make corrections to any of the information provided on this website at any time and without any prior warning. We cannot, and do not, guarantee the correctness, precision, thoroughness or completeness of any of the information available on this website, nor will we be liable for any inaccuracy or omission concerning any of the information provided on this website. All images, illustrations and descriptions of the goods are for information only and you are advised to contact our client services team for further information about the goods.
4.2.4 To the maximum extent permitted by law, we make no representation or guarantee that this website will be free from loss, destruction, damage, corruption attack, viruses, interference hacking or other security intrusion and we disclaim any liability relating there to. We do not give any warranty for the accuracy, suitability, reliability, completeness, performance, fitness, freedom from viruses or timeliness of the content or services contained on our website.
4.2.5 We will not be responsible for any damages (including without limitation loss of profit or loss of use) arising out of your use or delay or inability to use our website, its content or any link to another website arising in contract, tort (including negligence) or otherwise, except to the extent any damages arise due to the negligence, wilful misconduct or breach of these conditions by us.
4.2.6 When placing an order on our website, you will be required to complete certain required fields on an order form. All steps necessary for placing an order are detailed on our website.
4.2.7 In the event prolonged inactivity causes your connection to our website to fail, your selection of goods may be lost. In such case, you will be required to re-enter your selection.
4.2.8 When using our personalisation services ("Mon Monogram", hot stamping etc.), any designs created by you will only be retained while your web session is in progress. If you log out before completing an order, you will be required to recreate your designs when you next log in.
4.2.9 Before you submit your order, you will be given the opportunity to review your selection, check the total price of your order and correct any input errors. All information on our website is an invitation to treat only and is not an offer or unilateral contract. Your order represents an offer by you to purchase the goods. We will acknowledge receipt of your order without delay by sending a confirmation email. Please note however that such confirmation email does not constitute acceptance of your order.
4.2.10 The sale will only be binding on us once we have notified you that the order is accepted and the goods have been dispatched by us. This means that if goods are shown on our website but are not available or are incorrectly priced or otherwise incorrectly described, we shall not be obliged to sell you such goods.
4.2.11 You will only be charged for goods which have been dispatched to you.
4.2.12 In the case of personalised goods only, you will be charged once you have submitted your order and it has been received by us. We will inform you by email once the personalised goods have been dispatched.
5. PRICE
5.1 The price of the goods you order will be notified to you by telephone before you place your order or shown on the website before you confirm your order and will be confirmed on the written confirmation that you will receive when the goods are delivered. All prices are in Australian dollars $AUD and inclusive of GST (except where otherwise stated on our website or notified to you by telephone).
5.2 If an error is found in the price of goods you have ordered, we will inform you as soon as possible and offer you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or cancelling your order. If you cancel, we will refund or re-credit you for any sum that has been paid by you or debited from your credit card for the goods.
5.3 You must pay to us any amount ("GST Amount") which is payable by us on account of a goods and services tax, value added tax or any other similar tax ("GST") as a consequence of any supply made or deemed to be made or other matter or thing done under or in connection with these Conditions. The GST Amount must be calculated by multiplying the amount on which the GST is calculated by the prevailing rate of GST. You must pay any GST Amount at the same time and in the same manner as making any payment on which the GST Amount is calculated. You must pay any amount you are required to pay under this clause in full and without deduction.
6. PAYMENT
6.1 You must pay for the goods prior to their dispatch to you or, for Click & Collect orders, collection from store by credit card (or bank transfer on client services request). Payment must be in Australian dollars $AUD. The following credit cards are accepted: Visa, MasterCard and American Express. Payment via PayPal is also accepted.
6.2 Your credit card will be debited at the time the order is prepared, except in relation to "Mon Monogram" personalised goods, in which case your credit card will be debited at the time that your order is received by us. You must confirm to us the name which appears on the credit card to be debited, give the card number and the expiry date as shown on the front of the card, as well as the security code on the reverse of the credit card. We undertake to keep this information strictly confidential.
6.3 In order to counter Internet fraud, payments through our Website will be managed on-line with the banking organisations concerned through the facilities offered by Cybersource Corporation, a third party based in the USA. This company will be responsible for holding and automated handling in a secure environment the information relating to each order, including bankcard details.
We have also contracted with Cybersource Corporation to put in place a screening system to deter credit card fraud. As a result, your personal data (including name, email address, delivery details, telephone number, details of the order placed, credit card details) will be disclosed and used by Cybersource Corporation exclusively for the purposes of providing fraud screening services to us and to its own customers. We reserve the right to not accept any orders where we deem the risk of fraud to be too high.
We reserve the right to put in place additional/other payment security system(s) from time to time.
6.4 To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate third party databases. By accepting these terms and conditions, you consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks, personal information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and strictly in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988.
6.5 In the event that the sum due from you has not been debited for whatever reason (including, without limitation, stopped payment, refusal by the issuer of the card, or technical failures), the sale will be cancelled immediately. In the event that the goods have already been dispatched to you, you will remain responsible for payment and we reserve the right to process your payment at a later time or require payment via an alternative payment method.
7. DELIVERY AND CLICK & COLLECT
7.1 Except where you elect to collect your order from a store offering the Click & Collect service, the goods you order will be delivered during normal business hours once payment has been confirmed to the address which you give to us when you place your order.
Delivery will be made by express courier. Please note that deliveries are not made outside Australia or care of hotel or PO Box addresses or to business premises.
7.2 If there is no one at the address given who is competent to accept delivery of the goods, you will be asked to contact our client services in order to arrange an alternative delivery date to collect the goods.
7.3 You may use our gift service to arrange for goods to be delivered to a third party of your choice, provided always that the delivery address is in the Australia.
7.4 No delivery will take place unless payment for the goods has been received. Every effort will be made to deliver the goods as soon as possible after your order has been accepted. Any delivery date or time specified by us is a best estimate only and we will not be responsible for any loss or damage suffered by you through any reasonable or unavoidable delay in delivery. We will aim to deliver the goods (other than personalised goods) within 30 days and personalised goods within 8 weeks.
7.5 Please note that all packages containing goods to be delivered to you will be weighed by us prior to their dispatch.
7.6 Ownership of the goods and the risk for damage to the goods passes to you upon delivery or, if you choose to collect (or have a third party collect) your order from a store offering the Click & Collect service, upon release of those goods by LVA to the person collecting those goods.
7.7 If, at the time of delivery of delivered goods, the packaging for your goods is damaged, you are required to open the package in the presence of the carrier in order to verify the condition of the goods. In the event of damage to delivered goods, you should note the details on the delivery note and contact the client services team (see clause 10 below). For Click & Collect goods, you should check the items for any damage at the time of collection and if any damage is apparent notify the store staff immediately.
7.8 If you choose to collect your order from a store offering the Click & Collect service, you will be notified via email (and/or SMS if you have provided your mobile number for this purpose) when your order is ready for collection at your selected store. Your order will be kept in store for 15 days from and including the date we notify you that is available for collection. You must collect or arrange for collection of your goods during normal store opening hours during this period. If you are unable to collect your goods within this period, you should call client services to either arrange an alternative delivery option or to cancel the purchase. If you do not collect your order or arrange another delivery option within this period, the order will be cancelled and the amount of the purchase price of the uncollected goods will be automatically refunded to the payment card used for your purchase.
7.9 When collecting an order from our Click & Collect service, you will be required to provide the following items to in store staff: receipt of purchase, photo id and the credit card used to make the purchase. If a third party will collect the item on your behalf you must either call client services to notify us that a third party will collect the item or provide the third party with a signed letter expressly authorising them to collect the goods on your behalf. The third party will be required to show the receipt for the purchase and photo id, and, where you have not previously notified client services that the third party will be collecting the goods, the signed letter of authority from you, prior to LVA releasing the goods. LVA reserves the right to decline to release a Click & Collect order if the identity and authority of the person seeking to collect the goods has not been established to LVA's reasonable satisfaction. To the full extent permitted by law and subject to clause 8 below, you agree that LVA is entitled to release goods in accordance with this clause in satisfaction of LVA's obligation to provide you with the goods and LVA takes no responsibility for Click & Collect orders once released in accordance with this clause.
8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
8.1 To the full extent permitted by law and subject to clause 8.4.4, we will not be responsible to you under the Contract or otherwise at law for:
8.1.1 any losses which are not reasonably foreseeable by both Parties when the Contract is formed arising in connection with the supply of goods and related services or their use by you or. where you use our Gift Service, the recipient;
8.1.2 any losses which are not caused by any breach by us;
8.1.3 business or trade losses.
8.2 To the full extent permitted by law and subject to clause 8.4.4, our entire liability in connection with the Contract will not exceed the purchase price of the goods in question.
8.3 Nothing in this Contract means that our liability to you, or, where you use our Gift Service, the recipient, for fraud or for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or that of our employees, agents or sub-contractors is limited.
8.4 We shall repair or replace, free of charge any goods damaged or lost in transit where delivery has been made by our carrier, provided that:
8.4.1 you give us written notification via email at contact_au@louisvuitton.com or by mail at Louis Vuitton Client Services, 70 King Street, Basement, Sydney NSW, 2000, Australia of such damage or loss within 24 hours of the delivery date in the case of damage and within 24 hours of the anticipated delivery date notified to you at the time you placed your order in the case of loss, in order that we may comply with our carrier's conditions of carriage;
8.4.2 you deliver or produce to us at Louis Vuitton Client Services, 70 King Street, Basement, Sydney NSW, 2000, Australia any receipt or other documents relating to the goods in question together with (in the case of a claim for damage) the original packaging for the goods and the goods
8.4.3 If we accept your claim, we will bear the cost of repair or replacement and of sending you your repaired or replacement goods. If we do not accept your claim, we will notify you and (in the case of damaged goods) make the goods available for collection. If, in such circumstances, you wish us to repair or replace your goods and/or send them back to you, we will provide you with details of the costs of doing so, as well as details of our repair policy.
8.4.4 Your right to a repair or replacement under clause 8.4 above is in addition to and not in substitution of any other rights and remedies you may have under laws applicable to the goods. Our goods come with guarantees that cannot be excluded under the Australian Consumer Law. You are entitled to a replacement or refund for a major failure and compensation for any other reasonably foreseeable loss or damage. You are also entitled to have the goods repaired or replaced if the goods fail to be of acceptable quality and the failure does not amount to a major failure.
8.4.5 The limitations on our liability contained in these Conditions is made to the full extent permitted by law. Nothing in these Conditions restricts the effect of the guarantees referred to in clause 8.4.4 above, or any other law which cannot be excluded, restricted or modified.
9. EXCHANGE OF GOODS
9.1 In addition to your legal rights, we operate an exchange policy for our customers in respect of items delivered (other than personalised goods), subject to the following conditions:
Within 30 days following the date of delivery or, for Click & Collect orders, collection from store, you may choose to:
9.1.1 If you have changed your mind about an item, you must return the items in question in their original packaging, complete with any related accessories or instruction booklets, labels, protective covers and boxes, together with the original invoice and the Return Voucher. Items other than perfumes should be returned to the following address: Louis Vuitton Client Services, 70 King Street, Basement, Sydney NSW, 2000, Australia.
To return perfume, we will provide a complimentary collection service, whereby we will collect the item(s) you wish to return from your preferred address. To do so, you must call our Client Service team on: +1300 582 827 and they will arrange the date and time for collecting your item(s).
You should not attempt to return any perfume without first contacting our Client Service Team.
9.1.2 You can also exchange your products within our stores in Australia and abroad (with the exception of India, Russia, Ukraine, China, Brazil, Lebanon, Argentina or Mexico. Special regulations are applied in Korea, Taiwan and Venezuela). Please note that, in order for a store to accept a product for exchange, the store should have this product category in its offer. For example, men's shoes are exchangeable only in Louis Vuitton stores with a men's shoe offer. Our stores offer can be checked on our website under the STORES section.
No exchange will be offered for goods that are returned by the customer incomplete, damaged or soiled. You must take reasonable care of the goods if you wish to return them exercising your consumer rights under this section. For shoes in particular, we highly recommend that you try your Louis Vuitton shoes on a clean floor which would not alter the sole; such as a carpeted surface. As an exception to the foregoing, perfumes may be exchanged in any of our stores in Australia (even if that store does not have perfume in its product category) but may not be exchanged abroad.
9.2 In the event that goods are exchanged, the initial sale will be cancelled. The new transaction payment will be set off against the amount of the preceding sale. Any credit balance will be either re-credited directly to your bank account or a credit card or a credit note will be issued to you. Any additional payment will be debited directly from your credit card.
9.3 In the event that goods are exchanged by post, the new sale will be subject to these conditions.
9.4 Nothing in this clause 9 will affect your rights referred to in clause 8.4.4 above. This exchange policy is in addition to those rights and is not intended to exclude or limit those rights.
10. FURTHER INFORMATION
For further information relating to these conditions, or the goods themselves, you should contact our Client Services team on: 1300 582 827
11. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
11.1 As between you and LVA, you acknowledge that LVA owns or has a license to all title and copyrights in and to the content provided on this website. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the licensed content provided on this website is the property of the respective content owners and may be protected by the applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties and subject to use restrictions under such laws or treaties.
11.2 The "Louis Vuitton" trade mark as well as all trade marks, whether they are figurative or not, and all other marks, illustrations, images, and logos which appear on our products, accessories or packaging and/or used in connection with the sale and distribution of Louis Vuitton products, whether registered or not (collectively, the "LVM Trade Marks"), are and remain the exclusive property of Louis Vuitton Malletier, a company incorporated in France (registered at the Company Court of Paris under number 318517064), whose registered office is at 2 Rue Pont-Neuf, Paris 75034 Cedex, France. The website may contain third-party trade marks, and other marks, illustrations, images and logos. You are not granted any right or license with respect to the LVM Trade Marks or the trade marks of any third party. Any reproduction, whether complete or partial, modification or use of these marks, illustrations, images and logos, for whatever reason and in whatever medium, without our written, express and prior agreement, is strictly prohibited, as in any combination or use in conjunction with any other mark, symbol, logo and more generally any distinctive sign intended to form a composite logo.
12. DELAY OR FAILURE TO PERFORM
Subject to the second paragraph of this clause,we shall not be responsible to pay you any compensation or give you a refund if we are prevented or delayed in the performance of any of our obligations to you if this is due to any cause beyond our reasonable control including (without limitation): an act of God, explosion, flood, fire or accident; war or civil disturbance; strike, industrial action or stoppages of work; any form of government intervention; a third party act or omission; failure of our supplier(s); failure by you to give us a correct delivery address or notify us of any change of address.
We will inform you of any such unforeseen event or of force majeure within seven days of its occurrence. Should this interruption continue beyond a period of two weeks, you will be entitled to cancel the order, and we will refund or re-credit you for any sum that has been paid by you or debited from your credit card for the Goods.
13. USE OF YOUR INFORMATION
The holding and using of personal information provided to Louis Vuitton Australia Pty Ltd, Louis Vuitton Malletier SA or any other company of the Louis Vuitton group is governed by the Privacy Policy posted on the website at  privacy policy . Please read this Privacy Policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us. By placing an order on the Website, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of the Privacy Policy. All comments, queries or requests relating to our use of your information are welcome and should be addressed to  here .
14. GOVERNING LAW
14.1 The Contract is governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia and the Courts of New South Wales shall have the non-exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any disputes arising out of or under it.
14.2 No waiver by us of any breach of the Contract by you is considered as a waiver of any subsequent breach of the same or any other provision.
Louis Vuitton Australia Pty Ltd - Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to the activities of Louis Vuitton Australia Pty Ltd. (“LVA”) ABN 41 005 918 678. LVA takes the privacy of the information about customers of Louis Vuitton and users of the louisvuitton.com website (the “Site”) very seriously.
By providing your personal information (eg name, address, telephone number, email address, date of birth, gender, credit card details, country of residence, nationality, and any other personal information you submit to LVA) (“Personal Information”) to our representatives through our stores, our Customer Department or the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you choose to collect your goods purchased online via our Click & Collect service, you agree that (i) you will produce your identity document (with your photo), your credit card and the receipt for the purchase to our in store staff, and (ii) we will collect and process your personal information contained in such documents, to enable us to conduct authentication or identity checks.  Please read the following policy to understand how we will treat your Personal Information.
1. Your Personal Information is important
We recognise that your privacy is very important and LVA is committed to protect your privacy. We will not collect and use your Personal Information as set out below unless you provide your Personal Information to us voluntarily. We will also comply with the requirements of the Australian privacy legislation.
2. Children Privacy
We do not sell or ship any items ordered through the Site directly to anyone we know to be under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you should use the Site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any Personal Information to us.
3. Collecting Your Personal Information
We request Personal Information from you when you:
register your Personal Information for the purpose of creating an account in our site or requesting our Newsletters;
participate in a promotion or other website feature;
request a catalog;
request to receive any marketing, promotional or other types of communications;
purchase through our store or site;
make enquiries or comments through our Customer Department;
interact with our sales staff, including through any third party apps such as WhatsApp or WeChat;
collect your goods purchased online via our Click & Collect service;
You have no obligation to provide any information requested by us. However, if you choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with any goods and services that depend on the collection of this information (particularly where our collection of this information is required by law).
4. Using Your Personal Information
LVA does not routinely disclose Personal Information, and except as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise notified to you from time to time, including any collection statement, will not use or disclose any information about you without your consent, unless it is to be used for the following purposes:
to improve our understanding of your interests, concerns and preferences
to provide you with further information about our new products, events, changes to our website, service updates, special offers and promotions;
to record statistical data for marketing analysis;
to communicate with you about your purchase, account information, or customer service needs; and/or
to better respond to your customer service enquiries or provide you with a service which you have requested.
We may contact you at the email address or any other contact methods which you provide to us for the purposes listed above.
5. Marketing Opt--out
We may contact you from time to time for marketing and promotional purposes by email, mail or phone. Subject to your rights to opt out from receiving such contact, your consent is provided on an ongoing basis. If you would rather not receive any promotional or marketing correspondence from us, you can let us know and we will not contact you further for these purposes. If you wish to opt out of receiving electronic marketing and promotional messages, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions on the message that you have received. Otherwise, you can opt out by contacting the Privacy Officer by writing to the attention of the Privacy Officer, Level 4, 70 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. Unsubscribe requests originating from electronic messages will be honoured within five (5) working days. We will deal with all other requests as soon as reasonably possible.
Subject to Clause 7, your election not to receive promotional and marketing correspondence from us will not preclude us from: (a) corresponding with you by email or otherwise, regarding your existing or past relationship with us, (b) accessing and viewing your Personal Information in the course of maintaining and improving our database and the Site; or (c) using your Personal Information otherwise in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
6. Sharing Your Personal Information
For the purposes mentioned above and for reporting purposes, your Personal Information may be shared with our group companies either in Australia or overseas including the countries listed in Appendix A to this Privacy Policy. Also, in order to operate the website or deliver a service, your Personal Information may also be shared with service providers, suppliers and other third parties or non-LVA group companies either in Australia or overseas, including the countries listed in Appendix A. We will provide our preferred service providers with the information they need to perform their services and work with them to respect and protect your Personal Information. We require our service providers to adhere to strict privacy guidelines and not to keep this information or use it for unauthorised purposes.
To the extent you interact with us through third party apps such as WhatsApp or WeChat, the terms of use of such apps will apply in relation to your use of the apps. LVA does not accept any responsibility for use of such apps. To the extent LVA collects personal information from you in the use of such apps, LVA will use and handle such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may share your Personal Information with our legally affiliated entities. If LVA is merged, or in the event of a transfer of our assets, Site or operations, LVA may disclose or transfer your Personal Information in connection with such transaction.
LVA may also disclose your Personal Information where we believe it necessary to implement our terms of service or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of another LVA customer, any member of the public or LVA.
Please note also that LVA may use overseas facilities, including in the countries listed in Appendix A, to process or back up its information. As a result, we may transfer your personal information to these overseas facilities for storage.
By accepting this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge and consent to the disclosure of your Personal Information to overseas recipients as set out in this Clause 6. You acknowledge that if an overseas recipient handles the information in breach of the Australian Privacy Principles, LVA will not be accountable under the Privacy Act and you may not be able to seek redress under the Privacy Act or in the jurisdiction where the overseas recipient is located.
Other than as otherwise set out in this Privacy Policy, LVA will disclose specific information without your permission only when required or authorised by law, or in good faith believe that such action is necessary to investigate or protect against suspected criminal activities to our customers, visitors, associates, or property (including this Site), or to others.
7. Accessing, Modifying or Deleting Your Personal Information
If you wish to access or modify your Personal Information in our database, or update Personal Information that is inaccurate or out of date, please send your request in writing to the attention of the Privacy Officer, Level 4, 70 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia. We will make reasonable efforts to service your request in a timely manner. If you wish to have your Personal Information deleted, please let us know in the same manner as referred to above and we will take reasonable steps to delete it unless we need to keep it for legal reasons.
8. Protecting Your Personal Information
We will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to ensure your Personal Information is kept confidential and secure, and to take appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent unlawful or accidental destruction, accidental loss, unauthorized disclosure or access or other unlawful forms of processing are implemented.
For users of the Site, however, please note that due to the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any of your Personal Information stored in our servers, or transmitted to or from a user, will be free from unauthorized access, and we cannot be responsible for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.
We will not rent, trade, distribute or sell any Personal Information that you give us to any third party unless we receive your prior consent.
9. Cookies
For users of the Site, please note that LVA may deposit “cookies” in your computer in order to identify you. Cookies are small data text files that are sent from a server computer during a browsing session. Cookies are typically stored on the computer’s hard drive and are used by web-sites to simulate a continuous connection to the site. Security measures have been employed to prevent unauthorized access to visitor data. However, visitors acknowledge that LVA does not control the transfer of data over telecommunication facilities including the Internet. Therefore, LVA will not be responsible for any breach of security or the unauthorized disclosure or use of any such data on the Internet. You may configure your browser to reject cookies. This may mean you may not be able to take full advantage of the services on the website.
10. Registration Information
Our Site contains areas where you can submit information to us (such as our registration service), and we also have features (such as cookies and performance tracking technology) that automatically collect information from the visitors to our Site. During the registration process, you must provide us with a password, your name, address and a valid email address. It is your responsibility to keep your password strictly confidential.
11. Employee Information
Employee records are not generally subject to the Privacy Act 1988 and therefore this Privacy Policy does not apply to the handling of information about employees by LVA. For information about our practices relating to employee information please contact us directly.
12. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Our privacy practices will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers’ needs. As we update and diversify our services, our Privacy Policy may evolve. LVA reserves the right to change its Privacy Policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on the website. The amended Privacy Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change. Please check this page or send your request in writing to the attention of the Privacy Officer, Level 4, 70 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia for updates on our Privacy Policy periodically.
13. Problems, queries or complaints
If you have any queries relating to our Privacy Policy, please send your request by in writing to the attention of the Privacy Officer Level 4, 70 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia.
You may also contact us at the details above if you have a complaint about how we have handled your information.  We will investigate your complaint and will use reasonable endeavours to respond to you in writing as soon as possible.  If we fail to respond to your complaint within a reasonable time or if you are dissatisfied with the response that you receive from us, you may have the right to make a complaint to the Office of the Information Commissioner.
APPENDIX A
COUNTRIES IN WHICH OVERSEAS RECIPIENTS ARE LIKELY TO BE LOCATED
Aruba ; Austria ; Bahrain ; Barbade ; Belgium ; Bermuda ; Brazil ; Canada ; Chile ; China ; Colombia ; Czech Republic ; Denmark ; Dominican Republic ; Finland ; France ; Germany ; Greece ; Guam ; Hong Kong ; Hungary ; India ; Indonesia ; Ireland ; Israel ; Italy ; Japan ; Kazaakhstan ; Kuwait ; Lebanon ; Luxembourg ; Macau ; Malaysia ; Mexico ; Mongolia ; Morocco ; Netherlands ; New Zealand ; Norway ; Panama ; Philippines ; Poland ; Portugal ; Qatar, Romania ; Russian Federation ; Saipan ; Saudi Arabia ; Singapore ; South Africa ; South Korea ; Spain ; Sweden ; Switzerland ; Taiwan ; Thailand ; Turkey ; Ukraine ; United Arab Emirates ; United Kingdom ; Uruguay ; United States of America ; Vietnam.
Louis Vuitton Australia Pty Ltd - Effective immediately
Preliminaries
PLEASE READ CAREFULLY
This Terms of Use Agreement (this “Agreement”) is a legal agreement between you and Louis Vuitton Australia Pty Ltd (“LVA”, “we”, “us” or “our”) providing, among other things, the terms and conditions for your use of our Website www.louisvuitton.com (the “Site”).
We may from time to time modify these terms of use and will post a copy of the amended Agreement at www.louisvuitton.com. If you do not agree to, or cannot comply with, the Agreement as amended, you should not use the Site. You will be deemed to have accepted the Agreement as amended if you continue to use the Site after any amendments are posted on the Site.
The Site is operated by Louis Vuitton Malletier, a French société anonyme having its registered office at 2, rue du Pont Neuf, 75001 Paris, Tel: +33 1 55 80 32 00, France, with a share capital of 21 119 700,00€, and registered in the Companies Register (RCS) for Paris under number B 318 571 064 (“LVM”). However, all matters in connection with this Agreement relate, and should be directed to us only.
THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS WARRANTY AND LIABILITY DISCLAIMERS. BY USING THIS SITE, YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT WITHOUT ANY RESERVATIONS, MODIFICATIONS, ADDITIONS, OR DELETIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF USE CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SITE. YOU MAY BE DENIED ACCESS TO THE SITE WITH OR WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE IF YOU DO NOT COMPLY WITH ANY PROVISION OF THIS AGREEMENT.
1. AUTHORIZED USERS
1.1 Age Requirement; Authority. In order to use the Site, you must be at least 18 years of age. You represent that (i) you have read and understood, and that you agree to be bound by, this Agreement and (ii) you are at least 18 years old. If you do not agree to, or cannot comply with, any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement, please do not check the acceptance box and do not attempt to access this Site.
2. LICENSE TO USE THE SITE
2.1 Grant of License. LVA grants to you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, personal, non-commercial license to access and use the Site. LVA reserves all right, title and interest not expressly granted under this license to the fullest extent possible under applicable laws. ANY USE OF THE SITE NOT SPECIFICALLY PERMITTED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.
2.2 Restrictions. You agree that you will not: (i) use the Site to reproduce copyrighted material; (ii) copy, store, edit, change, prepare any derivative work of or alter in any way any of the content provided on this Site; or (iii) use our Site in any way that violates the terms of this Agreement.
3. SITE INFORMATION AND PRODUCTS
3.1 Information. We try to ensure that the information posted on the Site is correct and up-to-date. We reserve the right to change or make corrections to any of the information provided on this Site at any time and without any prior warning. We cannot, and do not, guarantee the correctness, precision, thoroughness or completeness of any of the information available on this Site, nor will we be liable for any inaccuracy or omission concerning any of the information provided on this Site.
3.2 Products. Louis Vuitton products are sold exclusively through Louis Vuitton boutiques all over the world. Prices stated on the Site are Australian prices only (inclusive of GST). Any purchase from other boutiques or websites is made entirely at the risk for the purchaser, particularly with regard to the authenticity to such items.
4. PROHIBITED ACTS
By using this Site, you represent, warrant and covenant that you will not: (a) impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity; (b) engage in spamming, flooding, harvesting of e-mail addresses or other personal information, spidering, “screen scraping,” “database scraping,” or any other activity with the purpose of obtaining a list of users or other information, or send chain letters or pyramid schemes via the Site or; (c) attempt to gain unauthorized access to other computer systems through the Site. You agree that you will not use the Site in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Site.
5. COPYRIGHTS
As between you and LVA, you acknowledge that LVA owns or has a license to all title and copyrights in and to the content provided on this Site. All title and intellectual property rights in and to the licensed content provided on this Site is the property of the respective content owners and may be protected by the applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties and subject to use restrictions under such laws or treaties.
6. TRADEMARKS AND THIRD-PARTY TRADEMARKS
Louis Vuitton ® is a registered trademark of LVM, as well as all the other related trademarks and certain other LVM trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos (collectively, the “LVM Trademarks”) used in connection with the sale and distribution of LV products. The Site may contain third-party trademarks, service marks, graphics, and logos. You are not granted any right or license with respect to the LVM Trademarks or the trademarks of any third party.
7. PRIVACY POLICY
CLICK  HERE  TO SEE SEPARATE PRIVACY POLICY (as per Australian Law).
8. TERM
This Agreement will remain effective until terminated by you or terminated by us.
9. DISCLAIMERS
9.1 THIS SITE (INCLUDING ALL ITS CONTENT) IS PROVIDED TO YOU “AS IS”. ANY USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. YOU MAY HAVE CERTAIN RIGHTS UNDER THE AUSTRALIAN CONSUMER LAW AND OTHER APPLICABLE CONSUMER LAWS. THE TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT DO NOT AFFECT ANY SUCH RIGHTS. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, LVA DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON INFRINGEMENT. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LVA MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR GUARANTEE THAT THIS SITE WILL BE FREE FROM LOSS, DESTRUCTION, DAMAGE, CORRUPTION, ATTACK, VIRUSES, INTERFERENCE, HACKING, OR OTHER SECURITY INTRUSION, AND LVM DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY RELATING THERTO.
9.2 TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, LVA MAKES NO GUARANTEES, REPRESENTATIONS, OR WARRANTIES THAT USE OR RESULT OF THE USE OF THE SITE (INCLUDING ALL OF ITS CONTENT) IS OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, CURRENT, UNINTERRUPTED OR WITHOUT ERRORS. WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE, LVA MAY MODIFY, SUSPEND OR DISCONTINUE ANY ASPECT OR FEATURE OF THIS SITE OR YOUR USE OF THIS SITE. IF LVA ELECTS TO MODIFY, SUSPEND OR DISCONTINUE THE SITE, IT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY.
9.3 YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR SUBMISSION OF ANY INFORMATION TO US IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. LVA DOES NOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY TO YOU WITH REGARD TO ANY LOSS OR LIABILITY RELATING TO SUCH INFORMATION IN ANY WAY.
9.4 SOME OF THE CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE MAY INCLUDE MATERIALS THAT BELONG TO THIRD PARTIES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT LVM ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR SUCH CONTENT.
10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, NEITHER PARTY WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES THAT WERE NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE. NOTHING ON THIS SITE CONSTITUTES THE GIVING OF ADVICE OR A RECOMMENDATION OF ANY KIND. YOU SHOULD OBTAIN QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL ADVICE BEFORE ACTING ON THE BASIS OF ANY INFORMATION ON THE SITE.
11. INDEMNITY
YOU WILL INDEMNIFY AND HOLD LVA, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, AGENTS, CONTRACTORS AND LICENSORS HARMLESS WITH RESPECT TO ANY SUITS OR CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF (I) YOUR BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY INFRINGEMENT BY YOU OF THE COPYRIGHTS OR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY; OR (II) YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE SITE, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT ANY SUITS OR CLAIMS ARISE DUE TO THE NEGLIGENCE, WILFUL MISCONDUCT OR BREACH OF THESE TERMS BY LVA.
12. GENERAL
12.1 You will be responsible for providing the dial-up, DSL cable modem or other form of Internet access and any other hardware and software necessary to access and use the Site.
12.2 The Site may present links to third-party Web sites not owned or operated by us. We are not responsible for the availability of these third-party sites or their contents. You agree that we are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on any content of any such third-party site or goods or services available through any such third-party site.
12.3 The Site is owned by LVA and is protected by any applicable copyright laws and international treaty provisions. You will not sublicense, assign, or transfer the license granted to you under this Agreement. Any attempt to sublicense, assign, or transfer any of the rights, duties, or obligations in violation of the provisions of this Agreement is void.
12.4 If you know of, or suspect, copyright infringement, please send a notice to LVA at Level 4, 70 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia.
12.5 This Agreement will be governed by the laws of New South Wales. The non-exclusive jurisdiction for any claim, action or dispute with LVA or relating in any way to your use of the Site will be in the courts of New South Wales and the venue for the adjudication or disposition of any such claim, action or dispute will be within the State of New South Wales.
12.6 LVA may send notices to you with respect to your use of the Site by sending an email message to the email address listed in your Account Information, by sending a letter via mail to the contact address listed in your Account Information, or by a posting a note on the Site when you access your account. You agree that we may provide notice to you through such means. Unless otherwise stated in the notices, the notices will become effective immediately.
12.7 General Contact Information. For questions regarding our products or this Site, please contact us at Level 4, 70 King Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia.
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, UNDERSTAND IT AND WILL BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. YOU FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT BETWEEN US AND THAT IT SUPERSEDES ANY PROPOSAL OR PRIOR AGREEMENT ORAL OR WRITTEN AND ANY OTHER COMMUNICATION BETWEEN US RELATING TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.
