COMPREHENSIVE LEGAL PROTECTION FOR YOUR WEBSITE
Our website documentation package provides you with the most comprehensive legal protection for your website available on the market.
Our website documentation consists of a state of the art privacy policy, terms of use and cookies policy, drafted specifically to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as well as key relevant US legislation such as the potentially extra-territorial California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) and the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Breach of any one of these laws, where applicable, can result in business crippling fines.
All of our website documentation templates have been reviewed for compliance by a UK solicitor, UK barrister and US attorney and are the highest quality legal templates you can purchase for your website today. No other documents will provide your website and your business with as much legal protection.
If you would like to speak to us before making a purchase, please call +44 (0)20 3897 0445
Documentation
Our website documentation consists of a state of the art privacy policy, terms of use and cookies policy, drafted specifically to comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) as well as key relevant US legislation such as the potentially extra-territorial California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) as well as the federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Breach of any one of these laws, where applicable, can result in business crippling fines.
Why do I need these documents?
Every business that uses personal data (this includes any business that deals directly with customers) is required to describe what data they collect, how it is stored and for what purposes it will be used, before they collect it. Similarly, website owners must notify users about their use of cookies and set out the terms of use of their website, and, in a number of cases, obtain their users’ prior consent before using them.
While these are not new requirements, a great deal is changing with the advent of the GDPR, and your website documentation must be updated to comply with the new regime. The maximum fines for breaches of the new GDPR, including failing to have a privacy policy that meets the new requirements are being increased significantly, from a previous limit of £500,000 up to €20,000,000 or 4% of annual turnover. With the multitude of new compliance obligations and the increased risk of enormous fines, can your business really afford to fall behind when there is such a reliable and cost-effective solution available?
Website Documents are public
Given that website documentation is public and therefore available for everyone to see, it is particularly important that a business ensures that it is kept up to date and compliant with relevant legislation. Failing to update your website documentation to comply with the GDPR suggests to third parties, including customers, competitors, law enforcement and the regulator that you do not take data protection seriously and it may lead them to question whether or not you are not complying with more onerous and potentially more serious GDPR obligations. What’s worse, any customer, competitor or other third party who is aware of the new legislation and sees that your privacy policy is non-compliant and can instantly report you to the regulator at the click of a button.
It is not just avoiding fines and enforcement action that are good reasons for ensuring your website documentation is GDPR compliant though.
Customers are becoming increasingly conscious about how businesses treat their data and will have more confidence in businesses that clearly and transparently outline how they process it.
Using our website documentation and displaying the GDPR Privacy Policy logo on your site is a great way to build consumer trust and confidence, to show your business has embraced data protection law, and, ultimately, to help add to your bottom line.
We have developed a full range of documents and guidance notes designed to give your business the opportunity to get ahead of the curve and demonstrate its compliance with the new data protection regime and its commitment to safeguarding the interest and person data of its customers.
No other readily-available option offers you the same level of protection at such an affordable price. Get compliant with the GDPR today with GDPR Privacy Policy, the leading website legal compliance solution.
What’s Included?
TERMS OF USE
A set of GDPR-compliant website terms of use template for general and e-commerce websites, designed to enable you to comply with all website legal requirements and to provide you with maximum legal protection for your business. They can be modified or adapted to account for any special features of your site and have been verified for UK, EU and US law compliance by an independent solicitor, barrister and US attorney.­­
USER CONTENT AGREEMENT
A user content agreement, designed for use with all websites in order to prevent misuse of your site by users and to minimise your liability to third parties. It also provides you with a full range of legal remedies in the event of a breach to keep you fully protected. It can be modified or adapted to account for any special features of your site and has been verified for UK, EU and US law compliance by an independent solicitor, barrister and US attorney.­­
GDPR-COMPLIANT PRIVACY POLICY
A full, GDPR-compliant, privacy policy detailing all relevant information about data processing and storage activities, descriptions of data subject rights, processing of subject access requests and use of personal data for marketing purposes. It can be modified or adapted to account for any special features of your site and has been verified for UK, EU and US law compliance by an independent solicitor, barrister and US attorney.
COOKIES POLICY
A full GDPR-compliant cookies policy detailing all relevant uses of cookies and similar technologies by the vast majority of websites, including web beacons, Facebook Pixel, Google Analytics and more. It can be modified or adapted to account for any special features of your site and has been verified for UK, EU and US law compliance by an independent solicitor, barrister and US attorney.
INDEPENDENT GUIDANCE NOTES
Every template document in our website documentation package is accompanied by a full guidance note, explaining how to adapt the template for your website, the changes you need to make to your website and how to implement them. The guidance notes are designed to be easy to read, straightforward and practical, providing you with a simple method of ensuring your website complies with the new obligations imposed by the GDPR.
6-MONTH FREE LEGAL UPDATE PLATFORM ACCESS
Our website document package comes with a 6-month free trial of our Legal Update Platform, giving you access to the latest versions of the documents, guidance notes, templates for dealing with requests by data subjects, updates on any changes in relevant law and concise and easy to understand summaries of all guidance from the data processing authorities (including the ICO) and case-law.
Why choose GDPR Privacy Policy?
MOST COMPLIANT
All of our website documents have been specifically drafted to comply with the GDPR and to provide you with as much protection for your website as possible. Our products far exceed the quality of other templates available online, many of which have never been reviewed or approved by a solicitor.
MOST FLEXIBILITY
Our documents and notes describe the full range of options available to you when customising your templates, informing you of the consequences of selecting each alternative option, while emphasising the most straightforward, convenient and low-cost options.
BEST GUIDANCE
No competitor offers anywhere near as much useful guidance for tailoring the documentation to your website and business. This can save you huge sums of money in legal fees, which can quickly and easily run into the thousands of pounds.
BEST VALUE
No competitor offers you this level of comprehensive documentary protection, advice and resources for this price. Compared with a bespoke document drafting service provided by a reputable lawyer or data protection specialist, often costing up to £2000 or more, this is your most cost effective compliance solution by far.
INDEPENDENTLY VERIFIED
Our template documents have been reviewed for suitability and GDPR compliance by not only ourselves but by an independent UK solicitor and UK barrister and for relevant US law compliance by a US attorney.
ICO SUGGESTIONS INCLUDED
We have discussed the requirements for privacy policies with the ICO and received useful suggestions which we have incorporated. In addition, much of our own specific guidance is derived from or has considered the ICO’s latest in-depth guidance on data protection.
© 2018 Herbert & Ball LLP. All rights Reserved
“GDPR Privacy Policy” is a trading name of Herbert & Ball LLP, a limited liability partnership registered in England and Wales (registration number: OC417678).
Registered office: International House, 142 Cromwell Road, Kensington, London, SW7 4EF. VAT registration number: GB270901516.
