Privacy Policy
Your data is important, and we make sure to treat it that way. The information below explains how we use your anonymous and personal data to improve your browsing experience.
This is the Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement of the website(s) www.impraise.com and blog.impraise.com . For information on the privacy policy of the Impraise web and mobile application, please go here . This Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement provides information on the processing of personal data of the visitors (Users) of these websites by Impraise B.V., based at Govert Flinckstraat 396A, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.
Important Information
This Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement may be changed over time. Users of the website(s) are advised to regularly review the Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement for possible changes.
This Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement is applicable to the processing of all personal data of Users through the website(s) by Impraise.
Impraise is the Controller for the processing of your “Personal Information” as described in Section 2.
Information we must collect
“Personal Information” refers to any information that you voluntarily submit to us and that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, email address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information that you enter into on our website(s), and information about you that is available on the internet, from websites such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers. When you visit our website(s), you are free to explore without providing any Personal Information about yourself, however, we may ask that you provide Personal Information about yourself in exchange for access to some resources.
We also collect “Navigational Information” to understand how users interact with the website. “Navigational Information” refers to information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and pages viewed and other similar behavioural data.
Our website(s) use cookies, which are small text files that your Internet browser automatically places on the computer. Cookies are used to assist in collecting information associated with the use of the website, such as which web pages are visited and the duration of a user session. Impraise uses three types of cookies, explained in the section below.
Our website(s) include Social Media features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites(s). This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
How we use the information we collect
We retain technical data for a maximum period of 2 years for the purposes listed in this section so we can provide the best user experience possible.
We use the information we collect only in compliance with this Privacy Policy. Users who submit their details or subscribe to our content are obligated through our agreements with them to comply with this Privacy Policy.
We never sell Personal Information to any third party.
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to: (a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing content based on the information obtained as well as for technical and functional management and analysis of the website(s); (b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means (c) contact you personally for sales related reasons if you have specifically requested to be contacted, or if we believe you may be interested in learning more about Impraise.
Impraise uses three types of cookies:
Necessary cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to offer the basic functionality of our website(s) and to remember your cookie settings.
Web Analytics cookies: These cookies (such as Google Analytics) are used to track behaviour and allow us to analyse web activity to make improvements to the website(s). Google uses aggregated statistical information to provide Impraise with an understanding of how Users are using the Website.
Advertising cookies: We use cookies to collect non-personal information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
You will find a number of links to other websites on the website(s). Although we have selected these websites carefully, we are not responsible for processing of your personal data via these websites. Impraise’s Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement do not apply to the use of such websites.
If you opt to share content of our website(s) (for example a blog post) via social media websites, the use of such websites is covered exclusively by the terms and conditions (including the privacy policy) of the social media websites. Impraise is not responsible for the data processing or privacy policies on such social media websites and Impraise’s Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement do not apply to the use of such websites.
Security of your Data
Your personal data will be treated confidentially and Impraise takes appropriate technical and organizational security measures against its loss or unlawful processing.
Reviewing, correcting and removing your personal information
Upon request, Impraise will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with respect to that information:
To review the user information that you have supplied to us
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us
To request that your user information not be used to contact you
To request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use
To request that your user information be deleted from our records
To opt out of being solicited by Impraise or third parties
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at support@impraise.com or by mail to: Frederiksplein 1, Amsterdam 1017XK, The Netherlands. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our emails, or by sending us email us at support@impraise.com .
You are entitled at any time to request access, correction or removal of your personal data processed by Impraise. Please send your request and other questions you may have to support@impraise.com and we will aim to respond and as soon as possible.
Always be learning.
Sign up to our newsletter and join a community of like-minded professionals accelerating their career with the latest industry trends and insights.
Please confirm you want to stay up to date with industry trends, tips, and insights from Impraise.
Yes, I'd love to
Success!
Check your email for confirmation and keep an eye out for our next newsletter.
New York
40 W 29th St Unit #404 NY 10001 New York United States
00:00
Amsterdam
00:00
Lisbon
Impraise © 2018. All rights reserved Privacy Policy
 Mmmm, cookies. Our website uses a special batch to improve your browsing experience. Learn more in our Privacy Policy .
