LAST UPDATED: August, 2011
In-N-Out believes that your privacy protection is important.  This privacy policy explains our practices and policies regarding the personal information we collect from you when you visit our web sites.  The policies set forth below apply only to your visit to the Sites operated by or for In-N-Out Burgers, a California corporation (“In-N-Out”).  These Sites include those that contain in-n-out.com in their URLs.  Sites which are linked to/from these sites, such as the on-line employment application site (also including via banner ads, if any) may have different privacy policies, so please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details.
While In-N-Out does not generally require that you provide us with personal information to visit and use our Sites, in order to participate in some activities, such as providing general comments or making purchases from our online Company Store, it may be necessary for you to provide personal information.  If you choose not to provide it for those activities, you may not be able to participate in them.
Collection of Information: Cookies; Personal
For each visitor to an In-N-Out Site, In-N-Out’s Web server automatically recognizes and stores information such as the visitors IP address/Domain name combination.  We use this information to follow visitor traffic patterns through our sites for purposes such as enhancing its usability.  Your computer provides this information automatically each time you log on, unless you've activated blocking technology available in some browsers. 
When you visit In-N-Out’s Sites or use one or more of our Site services, such as our Company Store, we may use an industry-wide technology known as "cookies" which store certain information on your computer and which would allow us to customize your visit to our Site or simply facilitate your signing in to use the services.  Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored.  Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Additionally, In-N-Out may ask you to provide personal information, such as your email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, or persistent identifier (such as a customer number held in a cookie) which is associated with individually identifiable information, to enable you to make on-line purchases or submit comments to us. In-N-Out may combine the information you provide on our Sites with information we may collect offline from you or from third parties so that we can more effectively tailor our Site, services and product offerings to you.
By providing personal information through this site you explicitly agree to our collection and use of all such information as described in this Privacy Policy. You agree that we may use the personal information you provide for our general business purposes, including to respond to your inquiries, process orders, contact you regarding customer service, let you know about our or others' products or services which may be of interest to you or to personalize our service to meet your needs or preferences. This may involve sharing certain information with affiliated companies or third parties. You also agree that we may share your personal information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.  You further agree that the information you provide is current, accurate and complete and that you will update it if there are any changes.
We may disclose personal information to unaffiliated third parties if: (1) you request or authorize it; (2) the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our Terms and Conditions or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, sending emails about our products or services, etc.); (5) the information is shared with third parties for their marketing use; or (6) to others as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also gather aggregated data about you and disclose such aggregated (but not personally identifiable) information to third parties for promotional or other purposes.
Credit Card Purchases
In-N-Out may ask you to provide a credit card number in order to purchase a product.  Credit card transactions are processed by a third-party professional payment authorization service selected by In-N-Out to provide added security and reliability.  Only the purchase price and the credit card information provided by you are supplied to this third party service.  Information collected during transactions is maintained in its database for accounting and billing purposes.  Information from these transactions is not released to third parties.  In-N-Out does not maintain a copy of your credit card information on its servers and will not use your credit card information for any purpose other than processing your order. 
Security
In-N-Out takes great care in maintaining the security of your personal information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through the use of appropriate technology and internal procedures.  When we transmit sensitive personal information (such as a credit card number) over the internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.  However, In-N-Out does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.  
Notice To/Regarding Children Under the Age of 16
We believe that it is important to protect and maintain the privacy rights of children.  We only intend to collect personal information on our Sites from persons over the age of 16.  Only persons over the age of 16 may submit comments to us via our Site, and only persons over the age of 18 may make purchases from our Company Store.  If we receive actual knowledge that we have collected any individually identifiable information about a child under the age of 16, we will delete that information and not use or disclose the child’s information except as may be required by law.
Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Aggregated Information
In-N-Out may also collect, aggregate and maintain anonymous information about the visitors to our Sites, such as visitor interests, purchasing habits and the like.  This data can then be used to tailor In-N-Out’s Site content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our visitors.  In-N-Out may also share such aggregate information about our visitors with business partners and other third parties. 
Consent to Processing:
Your continued use of this website constitutes your agreement to this privacy policy and any updates. By accepting the terms of the Privacy Policy, you are consenting to the collection and processing of all personal information provided by you on the In-N-Out sites and sharing of such information in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy.
Changes to Privacy Policy
In-N-Out may update this privacy policy from time to time.  When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the top of the privacy statement.  We encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect.
Questions:
If you decide to revoke your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact In-N-Out by using our Contact Us form. If you have any other questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to send us an email using our Contact Us  form or write us at:
Customer Service
In-N-Out Burgers
Irvine, CA 92612
