This is a privacy policy for the Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism and its entities. Our homepage on the Web is located at https://www.arkansas.com . This policy was created to meet the requirements of Arkansas Act 1713 of 2003, Statute 25-1-114. Website privacy policies--Government entities--State agencies.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the address below or by e-mailing  [email protected] You may call us at 1-501-682-7777.
Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism
One Capitol Mall
Little Rock, AR 72201 USA
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms. If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by mail at the address below or by e-mailing  [email protected] You may call us at 1-501-682-7777.
Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism
One Capitol Mall
Arkansas Freedom of Information Act
Information which can be identified or associated with a particular person or persons that is available from government websites is subject to these principles and policies:
The Arkansas government has information about individuals, or which can be identified or associated with a particular individual, and this information is contained in the public records of the Arkansas state and local government. The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act addresses the type of government information which is available to the public. See Ark. Code Ann. 25-19-105. Information generally available under the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act and not made confidential elsewhere in the Arkansas Code or by federal law may be posted for electronic access through Miles Partnership for the Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism.
The Arkansas Freedom of Information Act recognizes many concerns people have with regard to public records that include information about them, including the right to correct inaccurate information. Consequently, persons concerned with regard to information about them should contact the custodian of the record, which typically is the state agency or other governmental entity that collects and maintains the information.
Information which can be identified or associated with a particular person or persons that is collected by Miles Partnership for the Department of Parks and Tourism is subject to these principles and policies:
The information collected should only be that necessary to provide the information or services sought by the requester, just as a person might provide such information when visiting a governmental office in person. The information collected is subject to the same controls and uses as that collected by governmental offices visited in person, again subject to the access and confidentiality provisions of the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act, Ark Code Ann., 25-19-101 through 25-19-107, or to other applicable sections of the Arkansas Code. You do not have to provide personal information to visit the network's Web sites or download this information.
The IP (Internet Protocol) numbers of computers used to visit network sites are noted as part of our statistical analysis on the use of our websites and how to better design services and facilitate access to them. Government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in order to provide requested services, but such information is handled as it would be on an in-person visit to a government office.
Various commercial Web sites may be linked through the network. These private sector sites are not subject to the Arkansas Freedom of Information Act. Visitors to those sites may wish to check their privacy statements and be cautious about providing personally identifiable information.
What kind of information does this website collect?
Unique identifiers issued by a website or service for the purpose of identifying an individual over time.
Information generated by browsing the website, such as which pages are visited, and how long an individual stays on each page.
Mechanisms, such as HTTP cookies, for maintaining an active connection with an individual or for automatically identifying an individual who has visited a particular site or previously accessed particular content.
Information generated from or reflecting explicit interactions with the website, such as queries to a search engine, or logs of account activity.
Information that allows an individual to be contacted or located in the physical world, such as a telephone number or a postal address.
Information that allows an individual to be contacted or located on the Internet, such as an e-mail address. Often, this information is independent of the specific computer used to access the network.
Why is this information collected?
Information may be used by the website to complete the activity for which it was provided, whether the activity is a one-time event, such as returning results from a Web search, forwarding an e-mail message or placing an order; or a recurring event, such as providing a subscription service or allowing access to an online address book or electronic wallet.
Information may be used for the technical support of the website and its computer system. For example, to process computer account information, to secure and maintain the site, or to verify Web site activity by the site or its agents.
Information may be used to enhance, evaluate, or otherwise review the website, service, product, or market.
Who has access to this information?
This webiste, entities for whom it is acting as an agent, and/or entities acting as its agent. An agent in this instance is defined as a third party that processes data only for the completion of the stated purpose, such as a shipping firm or printing service.
How long is the information retained?
Information is retained for an indeterminate period of time.
Do users have access to their information collected by the website?
All personally identifiable information.
Google AdWords/Doubleclick
Arkansas.com uses Google AdWords and Google DoubleClick services. In addition to complying with the terms above, Arkansas.com complies with Google’s policy requirements.
Google’s remarketing and similar audiences AdWords features permit the Arkansas Department of Parks and Tourism (ADPT) to reach people who previously visited its websites. Google’s interest categories, interest-based advertising, and demographic and location targeting features are similarly used to reach people who are likely to have interest in ADPT advertising based on previous web searches. Google and its vendors display ADPT advertising across the Internet to IP addresses that have visited ADPT websites.
Google’s DoubleClick service uses the ADPT ads to collect analytical data for planning purposes. The service does not collect personally identifiable information. 
Google and its vendors use cookies to serve ads based on past visits to ADPT websites. A “cookie” is a small piece of information that a website can store in a designated file on your computer or Web-enabled device.  Cookies can be used, among other things, to identify your computer or device when you log into a website and may track your IP address in order to do so. Information about how you can opt out of Google's use of cookies is available at Google's Ads Settings. Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or, to opt out of only DoubleClick’s use of cookies, by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page.
ADPT does not use or associate personally identifiable information with remarketing lists, cookies, data feeds, or other anonymous identifiers. Furthermore, ADPT does not use or associate targeting information, such as demographics or location, with any personally identifiable information collected from ads or their landing pages. ADPT does not share any personally identifiable information with Google through its remarketing tags or any product data feeds which might be associated with its ads, nor does it send Google precise location information without obtaining your consent.
