The Evidence Project
The George Mason University Center for Transportation Public-Private Partnership Policy has released a recent six case-study that found surface transportation infrastructure public-private partnership (P3) projects generally met or exceeded the objectives set by their sponsoring public agencies. The study found the major objectives across the six cases to include cost reductions for the public sector and/or faster completion times compared to traditional procurement. The study also identified five major reasons public agencies effectively engaged in P3 delivery approaches. In addition, the report presents suggestions for the public sector to improve P3 outcomes. The full report can be downloaded
Center Staff Attends Blueprint 2025 Leadership Forum
Center Director Jonathan Gifford, Center Staff Lauren N. McCarthy, Lisardo Bolaños, and Visiting Scholar Motoki Murayama attended the Blueprint 2025 Leadership Forum on Thursday, April 26, 2018. Vinh The Mai, former research associate with the Center, and current researcher with CG/LA is pictured here with Dr. Gifford. A bipartisan coalition, Blueprint 2025 mission is to identify and promote increased infrastructure investment in the United States.
Center Researcher Presents at TRF
Lauren N. McCarthy, Program Manager and Researcher at the Center, presented “Stages of U.S. P3 Surface Transportation Infrastructure” authored by Lauren N. McCarthy, Lisardo Bolaños, Vinh Mai, and Jonathan Gifford at the Transportation Research Forum in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
Center GRA presents at IRF
Center GRA Lisardo Bolaños presented “Renegotiations & Bankruptcies in
U.S. surface transportation P3s” at the IRF Public Private Partnership Workshop Washington D.C., in April 2018.
Center Director Presents as IRF Workshop
Dr. Jonathan Gifford was invited to speak to the participants at the International Road Federation (IRF) Workshop: PPPs in the Road Sector on February 8, 2018. Center GRA Lisardo Bolanos, Program manager Lauren N. McCarthy, and Visiting Scholar Motoki Murayama attended the workshop. Participants included individuals from the World Bank and various national governments.
P3 Center Co-hosts Annual George Mason University TRB reception
After a packed few days of interesting sessions at the Transportation Research Board Annual Meeting, the annual Mason reception was held at the Marriott Marquis on January 9, 2018. Current students, professors, alumni and friends of Mason were in attendance. The reception was made possible through the support of the Bill and Eleanor Hazel Endowed Chair in Infrastructure Engineering, the Center for Transportation Public-Private Partnership Policy, and the Sid and Reva Dewberry Department of Civil, Environmental and Infrastructure Engineering.
Center GRA Presents Phase 1 of the Evidence Project at TRB Conference
Lisardo Bolaños, Center GRA and PhD Candidate presented on January 10, 2018 as part of the Projecting and Evaluating P3 Project Performance: From Value for Money to Handback. The paper, ”U.S. Surface Transportation Public–Private Partnerships: Objectives and Evidence” was co-authored by Lisardo Bolaños, Morghan Transue, Porter Wheeler, Jonathan Gifford, and Lauren N. McCarthy. The paper was selected as a practice ready paper by the review committee.
P3 Center Director Presents Evidence Project at ARTBA Town Gown
Dr. Jonathan Gifford presented the latest version of the Evidence Project at the 5th annual P3 “Town Gown” Roundtable on January 9th. The roundtable featured practitioners and academic representatives.
P3 Evidence Project Phase 1 Released
The P3 Evidence Project (the Project) is an initiative of the Center for Transportation Public-Private Partnership Policy at George Mason University to bring together academia and the public and private sectors to build and collect evidence for evaluating the efficacy of the P3 approach.
Center Director Presents P3 Evidence Research
On June 12, 2017 Center Director Dr. Jonathan Gifford spoke at the Association for the Improvement of American Infrastructure’s (AIAI) 2017 Annual Members Meeting, presenting the Center’s “P3 Evidence” research project as part of the program’s University Collaboration session.
Center Welcomes New Program Manager
Beginning in the fall of 2017, Lauren N. McCarthy, previously a graduate research assistant with the Center, and current PhD Student, took over for Morghan Transue as the Center’s Program Manager in addition to her research duties. Morghan has continued her service as the Center’s Academic Writer and Editor.
Center Research Published in Transport Policy
Research conducted by Center director Dr. Jonathan Gifford and Center affiliates Zhenua Chen, Nobuhiko Daito has been published in the journal Transport Policy: “Socioeconomic impacts of transportation public-private partnerships: A dynamic CGE assessment.”  The paper investigates the socioeconomic impacts of transportation infrastructure P3’s using a dynamic computable general equilibrium (CGE) model applied to the U.S. Commonwealth of Virginia’s I-495 Express Lanes project. More information can be found here.
The P3 Center Hosts its 4th Annual P3 Forum
On April 25, 2017, the Center for Transportation Public-Private Partnership Policy hosted its fourth annual Spring conference, exploring Emerging Infrastructure Initiatives and Potential Roles for P3s.
Center Staff Published in Transport Policy
Graduate Research Associate Jeong Yun Kweun, consultant Porter Wheeler, and Center Director Jonathan L. Gifford’s  research paper, “Evaluating highway public-private partnerships: Evidence from U.S. value for money studies,” has been published in the journal Transport Policy. The paper examines value for money (VfM) analysis practices in the US highway sector, finding variation between public agencies’ model, risk transfer, and discount rate selections. More information can be found here.
Center GRA Attends AIAI P3 Conference
Center GRA Lauren McCarthy was recently welcomed at the Association for the Improvement of American Infrastructure’s (AIAI) 2017 Public-Private Partnership Conference & Expo as the organization’s first AIAI Scholar.  Throughout the conference titled “Where the Public and Private Sector Meet,” Lauren’s experience explored important community engagement issues and provided meaningful contacts with both public and private-sector P3 practitioners.  Following her return, Lauren has worked to incorporate her conference insights into the Center’s developing research paper, “The Impact of Political Risks on U.S. Surface Transportation Infrastructure.”
P3 CENTER FOCUS AREAS
USA
