General
This Privacy Policy is intended to provide you with information as to: (i) the type of information that is collected on this Website (the “Website“), (ii) how collected information is used and with whom it is shared; (iii) how we intend to protect the information; and (iv) how you can access, modify and/or delete such information. Your use of this website is conditioned upon your consent to the terms of this privacy policy.
By using this Website you signify your agreement to the Privacy Policy described herein. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Website.
Information CollectedWe may collect information about you when you visit and interact with this Website. Some of this information may be automatically collected, and some is collected when you interact with the Website. The type of information that may be automatically collected may include the date and time of access of the Website, the internet protocol address of the computer that you are using, the domain and host from which you access the internet, your browser software and operating system, and the specific activities you are engaged in while visiting the Website.
We will collect Personal Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. Information from which you can be personally identified may also be collected by us at the Website, including your name, postal address, email address, and telephone number (referred to as “Personal Information”) and/or any other identifier that is obtained when you contact or communicate with us in connection with your use of this Website.
We may receive additional personal information about you when we act as a data processor (as defined under the EU data protection legislation) on behalf of our clients. When we process personal data on behalf of our data controllers we might be considered as data processors. When VatBox is processing data as a data processor acting on our clients’ behalf, it is our clients’ responsibility to have the legal basis to process and share the data with us.
Disclosure of Information
Except as otherwise provided in this policy, we reasonably attempt to ensure that we never intentionally disclose any Personal Information about you as an individual user to any third party without having received your permission, except as provided for herein or otherwise as permitted or required under law.
We have the following exceptions to this policy: We will release specific information about you or your account to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Website or a physical or property threat to you or others.
We may also transfer user information, including Personal Information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change. We may provide access to your Personal Information to our contractors who are performing services for us in connection with our Website or the services that you have requested and/or to our personnel in order to provide customer services.
We would like to send you information about our products and services of ours and other companies who we work with, which may interest you. If you have consented to receive marketing, you may opt out at a later date. You have a right, at any time, to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your information to other members of the retail group. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please click here.
SecurityWe maintain reasonable standards of confidentiality and security for this Website and for the Personal Information collected from this Website. The Personal Information you provide is secured using industry standard security technology. However, it is possible that someone may intercept or access communications, transmissions and/or Personal Information, and thus we cannot guarantee the full security of your Personal Information, and any such information provided to us is at your sole risk. You must also seek to protect against unauthorized access to any information that you use in connection with this Website, and you should remember to close the browser once you have completed your activities on the Website or if you have decided to step away from your computer. In the event that we determine that there has been a security breach resulting the unauthorized disclosure of Personal Information to a third party, we will notify users whose Personal Information has been so disclosed by posting such information on the Website and, if email contact is possible, we will make reasonable efforts to send an email advising of the status.
Cookies
We may use “cookies” and/or other technologies or files (collectively, “cookies”) to identify how visitors make use of this Website. This aggregate tracking information may be used to help us improve and enhance the Website experience for all of our visitors. If you would prefer not to have such cookies stored on your computer, you may modify your browser settings to reject most cookies, or manually remove cookies that have been placed on your computer. However, by so rejecting the cookies, you may be unable to fully access the offerings on this Website.
Accessing, Updating or Deleting Your Personal Information and Obtaining a Copy of it
You may ask to access the personal information about you that is stored in our systems, or have us update, correct or delete such information. You may also be entitled to obtain from us the personal data you provided us (excluding data we obtained from other sources) in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and have the right to transmit those data to another controller. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, contact us at info@vatbox.com.
Data retention
If you withdraw your consent to us processing your data, we will erase your personal data from our systems (unless the data is required for the Company to establish, exercise or defend against legal claims or it is necessary for the performance of the requested services), and inform other data controllers to which we have disclosed your personal data of the erasure request.
Transfer of data outside your territory
We may store and process information in the EU and in other countries such as the United States and Israel. The laws in those other countries may provide a lesser degree of data protection than the laws of your own country. You agree to the transfer of your information to such other countries for the purpose of processing as described in this Policy, including through cloud services.
Questions Regarding Our Privacy Policy
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the practices described above, you may contact us through the contact information provided on this Website.
Revisions and Modifications to our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Policy at any time. When changing the policy, we will update this posting accordingly.  Please review this Privacy Policy often so that you will remain updated regarding our current policies.
Other Rights for European Citizens
You have the right to submit a complaint to the relevant supervisory data protection authority.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This Privacy Policy will be governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Israel without giving effect to its choice of law rules. You expressly agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any claim or action arising out of or relating to this Privacy Policy shall be to the competent courts in Tel Aviv, Israel, to the exclusion of any other jurisdiction.
Privacy & Cookies Policy
