Rivian is Committed to Respecting Your Privacy
Rivian Automotive, Inc. (“Rivian” or “we” or “us”) sets forth this privacy policy (“Policy”), together with all related/linked documents and the Terms of Use ,  to inform users of its website (the “Site”) about the collection, use, and protection of their information.  Please read this Policy carefully to understand Rivian’s practices regarding your information and how it will be treated.
By visiting the Site, you consent to the practices described in this Policy.  This Policy may be amended from time to time, and a new version will be posted on this webpage with an updated date displayed. You should check this webpage from time to time to see if there have been any changes as they will apply to you. Your continued use of the Site confirms your acceptance of any such changes.
What Information About Me Does Rivian Collect?
Information You Share.  Rivian may collect information you provide directly to us on our Site, including your name and email address when you subscribe to our newsletter.
Information Collected via the Site.  When you visit our Site, Rivian may also automatically collect certain technical information from your browser, such as the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other specifications about your visit to the Site. 
Information Collected Using Cookies. Cookies are small data files created upon visiting a website and stored locally on your device. When visiting our Site, we may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to make your experience on our Site more personal and interactive. Information collected may include websites you visited before browsing to our Site, pages you viewed on our site, times you accessed our Site, how long you spent on our Site, and other web traffic data. You can typically disable the use of Cookies (or disallow the use of Cookies on specific websites) by adjusting your web browser settings.  Rivian’s Site is hosted by a third party platform called SquareSpace.  For more information about SquareSpace’s platform and their cookie and privacy policy, please visit https://www.squarespace.com/privacy and https://www.squarespace.com/cookie-policy/ .
Information Collected Using Other Tracking Tools.  In addition to or in conjunction with Cookies, we may use other tracking tools to improve users’ experiences on our Site. For example, pixel tags (also known as clear GIFs, web bugs, or web beacons) may be used to track the online movements of users of our Site. Pixel tags and similar tools may also be used in our emails to track whether an email was read or forwarded to someone else.  
Information Collected Using Web Analytics Tools.  We may use Google Analytics Advertising features such as demographics and interest reporting to collect anonymized data about the gender, age, and interests of visitors to our Site. You can read Google’s security and privacy policies for Google Analytics at https://www.google.com/analytics/analytics/#?modal_active=none . You may opt out of having your data used by Google Analytics by accessing Google’s Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means.
Information From Other Sources. Rivian may receive information about you if you use any other websites affiliated with Rivian or from information you post on Rivian’s Site.
How Does Rivian Use My Information?
We use the information we collect in the following ways:
To Further an Established Business Relationship. We may use collected information to contact you as necessary to fulfill orders or reservations you have placed for Rivian products, services, or events. We may also contact you to ask for your feedback about a product, service, or event.
To Send You Promotional Materials. We may also use your information to fulfill your requests, including requests to receive promotional materials. Promotional materials may include information regarding Rivian contests, events, and/or products.  We may also use your information to share other services or products that may be of interest to you.  Promotional materials may be conveyed in emails.  If you no longer wish to receive these materials, you may opt out by following the opt-out instructions included in the emails, texts, or mailings, or by contacting us.
To Improve Our Services. As described above, we may collect information using Cookies, tracking tools, and/or analytic tools. We may use this information to personalize your experience on the Site and/or to improve the security, design, and/or function of our Site.
With Whom Does Rivian Share My Information?
We share your information with the following parties:
With Our Partners. We may share your information with our selected partners in order to conduct business. For example, we may share your information with selected partners to conduct audits, industry analysis, and/or to evaluate the results of marketing efforts. Similarly, when you request information as described above, we may share your information with selected partners (e.g., email newsletter providers) to provide the requested information.
With Other Third Parties.  We may share your information when legally required to do so, such as at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation or to verify or enforce compliance with policies governing our Site and applicable laws.  In addition, we may disclose user information if we believe disclosure it is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Rivian, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others.
Sharing Anonymized Information with Third Parties. We may share anonymized information (such as aggregate Site usage statistics) with third parties for advertising, promotional, or other marketing purposes.
Links or Content from Other Websites. Our Site may contain links to or content from websites maintained by third parties. Rivian is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third-party sites.  Please refer to the privacy policies of these respective websites.  
Social Media Buttons. Our Site may contain links or buttons to enable you to share or post content to third-party social media platforms. The privacy policies of such social media platforms will apply to any content you share or post, and Rivian is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third-party platforms.
How Does Rivian Protect My Information?
Rivian has implemented various physical, electronic, contractual, and managerial security measures to protect against loss, misuse, and alteration of information that we store and collect.   Unfortunately, no data collection or storage process can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Should you have further questions or concerns about our security measures, please contact us using the information below.  
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
Rivian’s Site is not designed or intended to collect information from children under the age of 13. Rivian does not knowingly collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 13. This Site is not designed with the purpose of attracting any person under age 13.  To respect the privacy of children and to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, if you are under the age of 18, you should only use this Site with the involvement of a parent or guardian.  
California Do Not Track Disclosure
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that you can set in your web browsers, which allows you to opt out of tracking by websites and online services.  We do not currently recognize or respond to DNT signals.  For more information about DNT, please see http://donottrack.us/.
Notice to California Residents / Your California Privacy Rights
Once a year, California residents may request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information about 2017 sharing activities).  We comply with this law by allowing Rivian’s users to tell us not to share their personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.  To receive the information described above or to request that we stop sharing your information, please send an email to info@rivian.com. 
Collection of Data and Transfer to the United States
Rivian is a company based in the United States.  This Site is controlled and operated from the United States, and information collected about you will be collected, stored and processed anywhere we engage service providers, including the United States.  When we transfer and process information about you, we will protect it as described in this Policy. By using our Site, you consent to this transfer.
Your Rights
You can control how your information is used in the following ways:  
Opting Out of Communications. Our promotional materials include instructions for opting out of receiving further communications. If you no longer wish to receive promotional emails, you may opt out by contacting us at info@rivian.com. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications, we may still communicate with you regarding an established business relationship.  Please allow a reasonable time after reaching out for us to process your request.  
Updating or Cancelling an Account with Rivian. If you signed up for an account with Rivian, you may update the information associated with your account or cancel your account at any time by contacting us at info@rivian.com.
Opting Out of Analytics Tools. You may opt out of having your data used by Google Analytics via Google’s Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, or any other available means.  Please visit https://www.google.com/analytics/analytics/#?modal_active=none for more information on how to do this.  
Adjusting Cookie Settings. Most browsers accept Cookies until you change your browser settings. If you do not wish for our Site to collect your information using Cookies, you can typically disable the use of Cookies (or disallow the use of Cookies on specific websites) by changing your browser settings. If you remove or reject our Cookies, it could affect how our Site works for you.
If you have questions regarding this Policy, you should contact us by email at info@rivian.com .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
 
Sign up to stay informed.
Email Address *
