Last updated on July 12, 2017.
This Privacy Policy describes how personal information will be collected, used and disclosed in connection with your use of the Life Lanes website (the “Site”) from Progressive Casualty Insurance Company (“Progressive,” “we,” “us,” and “our”), Mayfield Village, Ohio. Different privacy policies will apply if you buy our insurance or visit our other websites.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, in which case we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection
If you seek to interact with the Site, such as by posting a comment or contributing content, we may invite you to sign in with an existing social media account or create an account through one of our service providers. Your use of these services is subject to their separate terms of use, rules, and privacy policies. You will have the option to provide other information about yourself and your activities, which may appear in your posts and public profile.
If you are located outside of the United States, please note that any personal information collected through the Site will be processed and stored in the United States, where the laws may not provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. Your use of the Site constitutes your consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of your home country.
Information Use & Disclosure
The information we collect will be used to create a user profile so that you can more efficiently interact with the Site. For example, we may use your email address to notify you of responses to your comments. At your request, we will also use your email address to provide updates about our products and services. If you change your mind, you can stop receiving these updates at any time by using the links provided in the emails.
We may provide your information to our service providers who assist us in maintaining the Site or its functionality, or who otherwise perform services on our behalf. We may also disclose your information as required or permitted by law, for law enforcement purposes, to enforce our terms of use, or to protect our operations or users. However, we will not share your information with other companies for their marketing purposes without your consent. In the event of a re-organization or sale of all or a portion of our business or the Site, we may transfer your personal information to the acquiring party.
Cookies and Do Not Track
We may identify the device you used to interact with this Site or our digital ad content. We may use this information to serve ads to you across multiple devices, such as your computer, smart phone, or tablet, or to limit the number of times you see our ads. We also use this information to customize your experience and analyze your use of our websites and interaction with our ads.
We advertise on other websites and mobile apps. Some of these sites and apps may use cookies, web beacons, and other technology to capture and transmit information about you or your device to us or our service providers. Service providers, such as our advertising companies, may display our ads on other websites and mobile apps. These service providers may use information about your visits to and interactions with websites and mobile apps, or the ads themselves, together with information about you, your purchases or interests, to provide ads about our goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of this information may be exchanged with us, together with our website and app usage information, for market research and to analyze and manage our advertising and marketing efforts.
You may limit the extent to which Web Site Information is used to deliver interest-based advertising by clicking on the AdChoices icon at the bottom of this page. This will open a window with more information about your privacy choices, as well as a list of the companies that may compile Web Site Information about your interactions with this and other websites. You will also be able to opt out of allowing these companies to deliver targeted ads to you.
You can also instruct your browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or to reject all or certain kinds of cookies. Typically, you can do this by changing the settings on your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Safari, etc.). However, if you choose to reject cookies, some websites may not function properly. Flash cookies may be managed using the Adobe Flash Player Settings Manager available at www.adobe.com . You must adjust these setting on each of your browsers or devices.
Your browser may include a “do not track” (DNT) setting that signals websites to disable tracking by third parties, such as ad companies. Our website does not recognize the DNT signal, but you may click on the AdChoices icon at the bottom of this page to manage your online ad preferences.
Links to Other Sites
The Site may have links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such websites, and inclusion of these links should not be construed as an endorsement or sponsorship of the websites, their content, or their hosts.
Privacy of Children
The Site is a general audience site that is not designed or intended to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should not provide any personal information on this Site. We do not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under the age of 13, and will take reasonable measures to delete it if we discover that it has been provided.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact:
Peter Albert, Privacy Officer
Progressive Casualty Insurance Company
6300 Wilson Mills Road
Mayfield Village, Ohio 44143
