Get $20 credit toward a device purchase
When you trade-in through Gazelle, you get a $20 one-time use credit to purchase on our store .
Put it towards a phone, iPad, an accessory - anything you like.
After we receive your trade-in you will get an email with a link you can use for the purchase. It's good for 7 days.
Close
g3_
Information Collection and Use
When you use the Services, you provide information to us. Gazelle collects two types of information: (1) information that you provide to us that lets us know who you are ("Personally Identifiable Information") and (2) information that does not by itself identify a specific individual ("Non-personally Identifiable Information").
Personally Identifiable Information
You can browse the Services' Websites without telling Gazelle who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, when you transact with us (e.g., offer to sell a device) or register to open an account with Gazelle, we ask for information about yourself, such as your name, email address, and zip code, which we collect and use as disclosed in this Privacy Policy. Once you submit information about yourself to us, you are not anonymous to us. We may also collect additional information about you when you engage in certain activities on the Services, such as: (a) provide transactional information when you sell, donate, offer to recycle, ship, or purchase an item; (b) when you sign up for special offers; (c) when you visit the Services' Web pages or the pages of certain Gazelle partners ; (d) when you interact with offers and advertisements; (e) when you contact us for help or customer support; (f) when you log into the Services with your account; (g) when you complete a survey; (h) when you post content or provide us with feedback; or (i) when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Gazelle might also receive information about you from other sources and add it to your account information. Providing information is purely optional on your part; however, not all features and services (such as, responding to your inquiries) would be available to you if you elect not to provide information. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information by us.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We automatically receive and collect Non-personally Identifiable Information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, browser type, browser language, date and time of your query, Gazelle cookie information, and the pages you request. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal and an aggregated basis. We may use third-party analytics services to collect, monitor and analyze the information collected as described above.
Use of Information
We primarily will use Personally Identifiable Information for the following purposes: (a) to provide the Services to you; (b) to customize the advertising and content you see; (c) fulfill any transactions, including, your requests for products and services ; (d) improve our services and offerings to you; (e) conduct research ; (f) provide you with support; (g) provide you with updates and notices about the Services, our Privacy Policy and terms and conditions; (h) contact you under certain circumstances; (i) provide you with offers from us, our affiliates and from third parties that may be of interest to you, and (j) provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. In addition, Gazelle will use your email address to contact you under the following circumstances: to respond to your support questions, to notify you of material changes to our policies or website, to request your participation in user surveys, and to deliver products, services and marketing communications that you request.
We will use Non-personally Identifiable Information to diagnose problems with our servers and software, to administer the Services, and to gather demographic information. Our third-party advertising networks and servers will also provide us reports that will tell us how many ads were presented and clicked upon on Gazelle in a manner that does not identify personally any individual.
Cookies
Gazelle may set and access Gazelle cookies on your computer. Upon your first visit to the Services, a cookie is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer and stored on your hard drive when you visit a website; many major Web services use them to provide useful features for their users. Each web site can send its own cookie to your browser. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however if you reject cookies, you will not be able to sign in to the Services or take full advantage of our Services. Gazelle uses cookies for the following general purposes: (a) to track your preferences, such as the address or local zip code you enter; (b) to access your information when you sign in so we can provide you with your personalized content; (c) to display the most appropriate advertisements, based on your interests and activity on our web site; and (d) and to help us analyze and estimate our traffic and use of features on the Services.
We may also use "pixel tags," which are small graphic files that allow us to monitor the use of the Services. A pixel tag can collect information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the tag appears; the URL of the page on which the pixel tag appears; the time (and length of time) the page containing the pixel tag was viewed; the type of browser that retrieved the pixel tag; and the identification number of any cookie previously placed by that server on your computer. We may use pixel tags, either provided by us or by our third party advertisers and ad networks, to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and Services and use them in combination with our cookies to provide offers and information of interest to you.
We also may allow certain analytic services and providers of applications used on the Services (e.g. sharing buttons) to collect Non-Personally Identifiable information by placing cookies on the Services that will track certain performance of our Services, such as, web traffic, click-throughs, etc., in order to assist us and our service providers in better understanding the interests of our users and to better serve those interests.
Advertising
We may use other companies under agreements with us to serve advertisements when you visit and use the Services. These companies may collect and use Non-Personally Identifiable Information during your visits to the Services and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie, a third party web beacon and/or pixel tags to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice in general and the options that you have, including your option or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org. These cookies, web beacons and pixel tags do not collect any personal information from your computer, such as your e-mail address. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Gazelle's cookies.
Targeted Advertising By Gazelle
In order to serve offers and advertisements that may be interest to our users, we may display targeted advertisements on the Services based on Personally Identifiable Information provided by our users, including zip code and profile. We do not provide this Personally Identifiable Information to our advertisers when you interact with such an advertisement. However, please note that the advertisers (including ad serving companies) may determine based on their own analysis that a user who interacts with an advertisement targeted by Gazelle may fit into a certain demographical category; for example, an advertiser may determine that men ages 25-34 are interacting with a certain advertisement on Gazelle from a particular geographic area. You acknowledge that any information collected by such advertisers or advertising networks – and any options that you have with the use of such information – would be handled in accordance with the disclosures provided above in the "Advertising" section.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Gazelle does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Gazelle under confidentiality agreements. These trusted partners include companies with which Gazelle may operate co-branded websites or web-pages to expand their services using Gazelle's Services. These trusted partners may use your personal information to provide services to you on our behalf, evaluate the effectiveness of the services, and to help Gazelle communicate with you about offers from Gazelle and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Gazelle's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. We may transfer information about you if Gazelle is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Gazelle will post a notice on its website before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
The sites displayed as search results or linked to by the Services are developed by people over whom Gazelle exercises no control. These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information. Gazelle may present links in a format that enables us to understand whether they have been followed. We use this information to understand and improve the quality of Gazelle's search technology. For instance, this data helps us determine how often users are satisfied with the first result of a query and how often they proceed to later results.
Social Media Plug-ins
Social media plug-ins of social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Yahoo, Windows and Google plus (among others) are integrated on Gazelle's website. Where Gazelle sites contain a plug-in to a social network, these are clearly marked (e.g. with a Facebook button). If you chose to click on one of these buttons or links, your browser connects directly to the servers of the relevant social network. The social network directly transmits the content of the plugin to your browser. If you are registered on the relevant social network and logged into your respective account the social network receives the information that the web page was used by you. If you interact with a social network plug-in (e.g. you press the Facebook "Like" –feature, the Twitter "Tweet this" feature and Google plus "1+" button or equivalent) or drop a comment on the appropriate web page, the corresponding information is directly transmitted to the relevant social network from your browser. If you are not registered with the social network or you are logged out before you visit Gazelle's website, there is the possibility that at least your IP address will be submitted to and stored by the social network. If you interact with us through a social media platform, plug-in etc. then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some limited information from your social network profile (such as name, email address, photo, gender, location, the people/sites you follow etc.).
If you do not want the social network to collect the information about you described above, or to share it with Gazelle and other third parties, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of the relevant social network before you visit Gazelle's site. As with other sites, you may be able delete any existing cookies placed on your computer by the social network via your browser.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
Registered users can edit their Gazelle account information, including contact preferences, at any time from their "My Account" account management page which you can find at www.gazelle.com/account/login. We may, from time to time, send you e-mail regarding our products and services and third party products and services that may be of interest to you. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any further mailings at any time; provided, however, that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Services, such as (a) communications related to fulfilling a transaction, (b) service announcements, (c) notices regarding Gazelle's legal terms and this Privacy Policy; and (d) administrative messages, which are considered part of your Gazelle account. You will not have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such notices.
You can delete your Gazelle registered account by requesting an account deletion via email to support@gazelle.com. You must provide us with the email address of the registered account. After we have confirmed your request via email, we will remove access to your personal information from our user database.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to our employees and agents who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. Your information is stored on our servers located in the United States. We treat data as an asset that must be protected and use many tools (encryption, passwords, physical security, etc.) to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private. Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services.
Third Parties
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Gazelle does not own or control or to people that Gazelle does not employ or manage. The Services may include applications, content and/or ads from third parties that may perform user activity tracking in addition to that described herein; Gazelle accepts no responsibility for said activities. Gazelle does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. For more information about each such third party, please refer to the third party's privacy policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended terms on this site. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are initially posted on the Services, unless that amendment states otherwise. In addition, we will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Gazelle account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. If you do not agree to the changes, you may terminate your account by requesting an account deletion via email to support@gazelle.com. You must provide us with the email address of the registered account.
Gazelle is intended for general audiences. Gazelle does not collect or maintain information from those that Gazelle knows are under 13, and no part of the Gazelle Services are targeted to attract anyone under 13.
California Users
If you are a California resident, in addition to the rights set forth above, you have the right to request information from us regarding the manner in which we share certain categories of your personal information with third parties, for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to us at the designated address and receive the following information: the categories of information we disclosed to third parties for the third parties direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year, the names and addresses of third parties that received such information, and if the nature of a third party's business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. Our designated email address for such requests is privacy@gazelle.com.
Request for Information
If you have questions, concerns or suggestions, please feel free to send an email to privacy@gazelle.com.
Last Update: May 16, 2016
Contact
1.800.429.3553
Certifications
