The Information Our Website Receives and How It Is Used
In order to assess the effectiveness of our website and to gather statistical and demographic data regarding our website’s use, we collect generic but not individually-identifiable information about our visitors.
Our web server can recognize the Internet Protocol address of the visitors, the webpage from which the visitors enter our website, the date and time when our visitors access our website, as well as how much time the visitors spend on our website. However, any specific details concerning the identity of our visitors remain private.
The only reasons why we collect this generic type of data is for helping us improve the website’s resources and functions, for diagnosing any problems regarding our server, and for monitoring the traffic on our website.
We might occasionally share statistical and demographic information about the visitors of our website with our marketing partners. This data, however, is related to our group of visitors as a whole and does not reveal any kind of information regarding the identity of specific users.
The Information Received by the Ad Networks Operating on our Website
Various ad networks are allowed to display advertisements on our website. These networks also collect your non-personally identifiable information in order to provide you advertisements which are related to your particular interests. Although you can always decide to stop receiving personalized advertisements, you will nevertheless not be able to opt out of receiving the generic types of advertising our website allows.
Note, however, that these advertising networks do not have any access to your personal information either.
Users’ Comments
Our users have the permission to make comments on our website. The full responsibility of the content of these comments (which might include personal data and information the commentators provide) belongs to the commentators.
We disclaim any responsibility to the ways in which the personal data and information provided by commentators might be used by any third parties. We nevertheless reserve the right to edit or remove some of these comments due to various reasons, including their inappropriateness or erroneous content.
Links to Other Websites
Our website contains links to various other websites which might require you to provide several types of personal data and information, such as your name, address, phone number, email address and links to your social media accounts (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn etc.).
Listofscholarships.com does not have any control of how these third parties will deal with the information you provide and disclaims any responsibility for their uses. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information collected by our website. Make sure that, before providing any kind of information on these linked websites, you read carefully their terms of service and privacy policies.
© 2018 Copyright by Lists of Scholarships.
