This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Learn More.
Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy outlines how F95zone.com uses the information it collects on this website. In the course of this policy, "we" "our" and "us" refer to F95zone.com.
Privacy Principles
We value your privacy as much as we value ours. That's why we at F95zone.com wish to emphasize these underlying principles:
We make it a point not to ask for personal information that we don't really need, such as your income bracket.
We won't disclose your personal information to anybody.
It is F95zone.com' policy to respect and keep private any personal information we may collect from you in the course of operating our website.
Forum Registration
Registration is necessary to be able to participate and post in our forum, a registration form should be filled out completely with your desired username, password and email address. Your email address will be used to verify your membership and to contact you about forum related concerns. F95zone.com retains sole ownership of all the information collected on this website. We do not share any personally identifying information with outside third parties.
Forum User Information
If you are a forum member, please be aware that when you share or post personally identifying information, that that information can be seen, stored or utilized by other forum members whom you chose to share the information with. This may result in you receiving unsolicited messages and other forms of communication, depending on the information you shared. F95zone.com will not be responsible for personally identifying information that you share or post in the forum.
Log Files
Log files contain information that is usually made available by your web browser and is stored on our web server. This non personally identifying information includes the following: browser type, language preference, referring site and the date and time of every page request. Just like most other sites, we collect this information to: have a better understanding of how our visitors use our website, be able to generate reports on the trends relevant to the usage of our website, help with website administration, analyze user activities on the site, and collect information about our user base in general. We do not link the information contained in these log files to personally identifying information and we will never distribute them to outside third parties.
What information we collect
When using forums provided by F95zone.com, we may require some or all of the following information:
email address
operating system
referral source
length of visit, page views, website navigation and any other related browsing activity
Cookies and Web Beacons
A cookie is a small text file that a website stores on your computer. This file contains information that your browser provides to the website each time you return. Cookies are used for record keeping purposes. A web beacon is a transparent graphical image that serves to monitor your interaction with a website. This, along with cookies and log files, provides us with analytical information that we can use to improve website performance and user experience in general. We do not link this information to personally identifying information nor do we give this information to outside third parties. This privacy statement regarding the use of cookies and web beacons is only applicable to the F95zone.com website.
Third Party Ads
Our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons in the ads that they serve on our website. The use of such technologies will enable the advertiser to store information about your web surfing interests, so that they can show you targeted advertisements that they believe will interest you the most. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies and web beacons in the ads of our third party advertisers.
Managing Cookies
If you do not wish to enable cookies, simply adjust your browser settings before using our website and turn off cookies for F95zone.com or our third party advertisers. Bear in mind, however, that disabling cookies may affect how our site will function for you (e.g. being unable to log in).
Links to Other Sites
Our website contains links leading to other websites that are not owned or managed by us. Because we are not responsible for how these sites handle your privacy, we encourage you to check out the Privacy Policies of those other websites before giving out your personal information.
Changes
F95zone.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as it deems necessary. A notification will be posted on this page, on the homepage of this website, and on other pages deemed appropriate, so that you'll always know what information we collect and what we do with it.
Controlling your personal information
When using the F95zone.com forum, you may choose to limit public viewing of applicable personal information through the settings located in the Privacy section of your account.
F95zone.com will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. We may use your personal information to send you security information, updates, or other information pertaining to F95zone.com , or your account.
If you discover any of the information F95zone.com holds for you is incorrect or incomplete, that you are unable to change yourself, please contact us as soon as possible so the necessary changes can be made.
Do you already have an account?
No, create an account now.
Yes, my password is:
About us
F95zone is a gaming community where you can find tons of great games, make new friends, participate in active discussions and much more.
