HARNESSING THE CLOUD FOR THE BEST POSSIBLE OUTCOMES
We take a flexible, you-focused approach to making the cloud work harder for you in HR and finance, from focused support to end-to-end solutions.
HELPING COMPANIES, THEIR PEOPLE AND FAMILIES MEET THEIR GOALS
We create benefits solutions that help you manage costs, compliance and risk while providing your people the health and financial options they need to live their best possible lives.
REIMAGINING THE WAY YOUR PEOPLE EXPERIENCE HR
We work to make it easier for your people to engage and interact with HR, applying human insight, fresh creative strategies and people-friendly technology to help them get the most out of their work and life.
Alight Solutions is the leading provider of benefits administration and cloud-based HR and financial solutions, we enhance work and life through our service, technology and data. We are Alight. Reimagining how people and organizations thrive.
Alight Privacy Statement
Alight is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement ("Statement") explains how Alight uses and shares the information we collect on the websites where this Statement is located. This Statement does not apply to information you may provide to Alight – or Alight may receive about you - other than on the websites where this Statement is located.
 
 
We collect personal information to offer and administer our services and products. We may collect information such as your name, contact details, date of birth, gender, marital status, financial details, employment details and benefit coverage. We may also collect sensitive information about you such as criminal convictions or health information in relation to life, health, professional liability and workers compensation insurance or employee benefit programs.
While the personal information we collect may come directly from you, it may also be provided by our affiliates or other third parties. If you provide personal information about other individuals (such as employees, dependents, etc.), prior to your disclosure to Alight you must obtain their consent.
Alight may collect information online when you . . .
Visit Alight Websites and Services where this Statement appears
By using Alight websites, services and associated microsites where this Statement appears, you agree to the processing of your personal information as explained in this Statement, including placing cookies on your device as described in the Cookie Notice .
We collect personal information to fulfill your requests for products and services, to send you marketing announcements, and to improve your online experience. We strive to limit the amount of personal information collected to support the intended purpose of the collection.
 
contact information, such as name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number and mobile number;
user name, password, password reminder questions and password answers;
communication preferences, such as which newsletters you would like to receive;
search queries;
contact information about others when you refer a friend to a particular site or service (note: this information is used solely to facilitate requested communications); and
information posted in community discussions and other interactive online features.
 
In some instances, Alight automatically collects certain types of information when you visit our websites and through e-mails that we may exchange. Automated technologies may include the use of web server logs to collect IP addresses, "cookies" and web beacons. The collection of this information will allow us to improve the effectiveness of Alight websites and our marketing activities. Alight also works with third parties who help gather this information.
Cookies: Alight collects information during your visit to an Alight website through the use of cookie technology. A cookie is a piece of programming information contained in a very small text file that is placed in your Internet browser or elsewhere on your hard drive. You can control acceptance of cookies by modifying your Internet browser preferences. You have the ability to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. Please note that, if you choose to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or part of our site and may be unable to use those services or engage in activities that require the placement of cookies. Alight uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and to help us compile aggregate statistics about usage of our websites.
In addition, on some occasions, Alight may use tracking technologies such as web beacons, to collect information about your visits to Alight websites. These are small electronic images embedded in web content or e-mail messages and are ordinarily not visible to users. Like cookies, this tracking technology enables us to track pages and content accessed and viewed by users on Alight websites. The use of these technologies also helps us to provide you with a positive experience when you browse our websites, and it also helps refine our content and personalize your experience. For more detailed information, you may wish to visit our Cookie Notice .
For more detailed information about cookies, you may wish to visit www.allaboutcookies.org .
Links to Other websites: Alight websites may contain links to other sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Statement. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy statement. We encourage you to read the privacy statements on other websites you visit. Alight is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of linked sites or any use of those sites.
Please be aware that Alight websites may contain links to sites maintained by other Alight entities that are not governed by this Statement but by other privacy statements that may differ slightly from this Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy statement of each website you visit.
Engage with Alight through Social Media
You can engage with us through social media websites or through features such as plug-ins or applications on Alight websites that integrate with social media sites. You may also choose to link your account with us to third party social media sites. When you link your account or engage with us on or through third party social media sites, plug-ins, or applications, you may allow us to have ongoing access to certain information from your social media account (e.g., name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, the posts or the 'likes' you make).
If you post information when you interact with our websites through social media sites, plug-ins or other applications, depending on your privacy settings, this information may become public on the Internet. You can control what information you share through privacy settings available on some social media sites. For more information about how you can customize your privacy settings and how third party social media sites handle your personally identifiable information, please refer to their privacy help guides, privacy statements and terms of use.
Access our Websites through Mobile Devices
If you access our websites on your mobile telephone or mobile device, we may also collect your unique device identifier and mobile device IP address, as well as information about your device's operating system, mobile carrier and your location information.
When you provide us your mobile device phone number as your contact phone number, you consent to the use of your mobile device phone number for the purposes identified in this Statement. If you choose to receive notifications from us on your mobile device (e.g. text notifications), you also consent to the use of your mobile phone number for that purpose.
 
provide information and services as requested by you;
determine eligibility and process applications for products and services;
provide information and services as requested by clients;
understand and assess clients' ongoing needs and offer products and services to meet those needs;
carry out client communication, service, billing and administration;
administer claims;
conduct data analysis;
obtain and update credit information with appropriate third parties, such as credit reporting agencies, where transactions are made on credit;
execute monitoring and training;
conduct processing necessary to fulfill other contractual obligations for the individual.
With your consent, we may also use your personal information for additional purposes.
 
banking and finance products - credit and fraud reporting agencies, debt collection agencies, insurers, reinsurers, and managed fund organizations for financial planning, investment products and trustee or custodial services in which you invest
insurance broking and insurance products - insurers, reinsurers, other insurance intermediaries, insurance reference bureaus, medical service providers, fraud detection agencies, our advisers such as loss adjusters, lawyers and accountants and others involved in the claims handling process
Our business partners may send you information by mail or email.
Authorized Service Providers
We may disclose your information to service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf.
Legal Requirements and Business Transfers
We may disclose personal information (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) in response to law enforcement authority or other government official requests, (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, (iv) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity or (v) to a successor to all or part of our business. Disclosure may also be required for company audits or to investigate a complaint or security threat.
Companies within our corporate family
We may disclose your personal information with corporate affiliates.  To the extent that our corporate affiliates have access to your personal information, they will follow practices that are at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Statement.
 
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies or other tracking tools.  How you do so depends on the type of tool.  Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies.  Flash cookies, which we may use on certain web sites from time to time, cannot be controlled through your browser settings.
Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform and we may not respond to those signals.  If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work.  If you block or reject cookies, the tracking described here may not stop.
Options you select are browser and device specific.
 
Alight may transfer certain personal information across geographical borders to Alight entities or service providers in other countries working on our behalf.
By providing us with your information or using our websites, you consent to the collection, international transfer, storage, and processing of your information.
 
Alight takes reasonable steps to keep your personal information accurate and complete. You can access or update your personal information in the following ways.
Profile
If you have created a profile or account on one of our websites, you can update your contact information after you log into your account.
Newsletters
If you request electronic communications, such as an e-newsletter, you will be able to unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions included in the communication.
Mobile Devices
If you previously chose to receive push notifications on your mobile device from us but no longer wish to receive them, you can manage your preferences either through your device or the application settings. If you no longer wish to have any information collected by the mobile application, you may uninstall the application by using the uninstall process available on your mobile device.
Cookies
As described in our Cookie Notice , you can adjust your browser settings to accept or refuse cookies.
Email
Contact us at the e-mail or postal address listed in the "Contact Us" section at the bottom of this Statement. Please include your current contact information, the information you are interested in accessing and your requested changes. We will provide you access to the personal information requested, subject to reasonable limitations provided by law, unless it infringes on the privacy of other individuals.
If we do not provide you with access, we will provide you with the reason for refusal and inform you of any exceptions relied upon.
 
 
 
 
Our websites are not directed to children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children on our websites.
 
Alight processes personal data for certain Data Subjects, as that term is defined by the Data Protection Act 1998 as amended or replaced and the EU Regulation 2016/679 General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).  Under GDPR, Data Subjects have the right to access personal data and to be aware of and verify the lawfulness of processing.
Individuals who desire to make an individual rights request in accordance with the GDPR are directed to make such a request via Alight’s privacy mailbox at Privacy.Info@Alight.com . Such requests will first need to be verified by ‘reasonable means’ and an individual will be asked to specify the information the request relates to.
 
If you have any questions relating to this Statement, please contact us at the Global Privacy Office, Alight, 4 Overlook Point, Lincolnshire, IL 60069 or privacy.info@alight.com .
You may also write to us at:
Alight Solutions LLC
 
We may update this Statement from time to time. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement so that you will be aware of our privacy practices. This Statement was last updated on June 15, 2018.
