Our website uses Google Analytics to analyze our traffic.
To learn how you can control Google's use of your data and how you can opt out click here .
Account Recovery
Enter the e-mail address associated with your RSI account. We will email you with the instructions on how to create a new password.
Success
We've sent a recovery email to your email address. Click the link within to reset your password.
Two-Step Authentication
Enter the code generated by your authenticator or one of your backup codes
Name of your Device
Trust this device for
Last updated: July 12th, 2018
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY CLICKING THE “ACCEPT” BUTTON AT THE END OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY BELOW, OR BY USING THE WWW.ROBERTSSPACEINDUSTRIES.COM WEBSITE AND RELATED WEBPAGES (THE “WEBSITE”) OR ANY OF THE CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE WEBSITE INCLUDING THE “STAR CITIZEN” GAME AND RELATED MODULES, INCLUDING “SQUADRON 42” (COLLECTIVELY THE “GAME”) AND ANY OTHER PRODUCT, ONLINE SERVICE OR WEB SITE (INDIVIDUALLY AND COLLECTIVELY THE “RSI SERVICES”) YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
1. Introduction
The data controller in respect of any Personal Information that you submit to us via the RSI Services (or otherwise) is Roberts Space Industries, LLC, a company registered in Delaware, USA, with offices at 12322 Exposition Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90064 (“RSI”, “we”, “us”, “our”). The Personal Information you submit to us via the RSI Services (or otherwise) will be processed by us or by data processors appointed by us to undertake processing on our behalf.
RSI respects your privacy rights and recognizes the importance of protecting the information collected about you. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use and store your personal and non-personal information.
If you want to know what Personal Information or Non-Personal Information we hold about you or if you have any other queries in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@cloudimperiumgames.com . We will require you to verify your identity before releasing any information to you.
2. What Is Personal And Non-Personal Information?
“Personal Information” is information that we have collected from you that identifies you, or which, in conjunction with other information that is in our possession, or is likely to come into our possession, may be used by us to identify you.
“Non-Personal Information”, is information that we have collected from you which cannot be used by us to identify you.
3. Which Data Does RSI Collect And Use At Which Stage?
3.1. Use Of Our Website
3.1.1. General
If you access or use our Website we will collect the following Non-Personal Information:
Request (Name of the requested file)
Browser type/version (e.g.: Internet Explorer 11.0)
Browser language (e.g.: English)
Screen resolution
Javascript active
Time of Access
Clicks
RSI also may maintain log files which contain IP addresses. An IP address is a numeric address that may be assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider and can, in certain circumstances, amount to Personal Information. In general, we use log files to monitor traffic on our Website and to troubleshoot technical problems. In the event of user abuse of our Website, however, we may block certain IP addresses.
We use the information set out in this Section 3.1.1 to optimize your experience of the RSI Services. The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.1.1 is mandatory. RSI is not able to properly provide you with the RSI Services without this basic information.
3.1.2. Cookies
We use cookies to ensure that you get the most out of the RSI Services. Cookies are small text files that are applied to your Internet enabled device by websites. Cookies allow us to store and then retrieve information on your computer about your visit to our Website (e.g. when you accessed the Website). We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor Website usage or to simplify your visits to the RSI Services (for example, by remembering your login details).
We may also store flash cookies, also known as “local shared objects,” on your Internet enabled device if the Website uses Adobe Flash. Flash cookies are small files similar to cookies and are used to remember the Website’s settings to personalize the look and feel of the Website. Flash cookies only collect data in the aggregate. Like normal cookies, Flash cookies are represented as small text files on your internet enabled device.
The collection of information in this Section 3.1.2 is not mandatory. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. You can disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, your web experience may be less satisfying without the use of cookies. For more information about how to reject cookies using your internet browser settings please consult the “Help” section of your internet browser (or alternatively visit http://www.aboutcookies.org ).
The first time you visit the Website you will be presented with a notification that we use cookies. By proceeding to use the Website you are consenting to our use of cookies as described in this Privacy Policy.
3.1.3. Analytic Metrics Tools and Other Technologies
RSI may also use its own or third-party proprietary analytic metrics tools and other analytics technologies to collect the information referred to in this Privacy Policy. We may use such technology to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor usage of the RSI Services.
The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.1.3 is not mandatory. Our website uses Google Analytics. To learn how Google uses your data and how you can opt out click here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
3.2. Account Registration and Commercial Transaction
You will need to register for an RSI account in order to access and use some of the RSI Services (“Account”). If you register for an Account, in addition to the information we collect under Section 3.1 we will also collect the following Personal Information:
Account ID
LogIn ID
Display name
Creation date
If you conduct and carry out commercial transactions via any of the RSI Services, in addition to the Personal Information set out above, we may also collect the following Personal Information and Non-Personal Information:
First name
Last name
Shipping address for physical goods (including street, ZIP code, country)
Telephone number
Object acquired
Pledge value
We use this Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to:
fulfill our contractual obligations set forth in our Terms of Service and comply with applicable law;
track the transactions you have made via the RSI Services;
remember which products you have added to your basket;
provide customer service to you in relation to your use of the RSI Services, to deal with enquiries and complaints relating to the use of the RSI Services and to notify you about any changes to the services that we provide via the RSI Services;
send you reminder and verification notifications such as password reminders.
We are obliged by applicable law to identify our commercial customers. We are also obliged by applicable law to collect and store detailed information regarding all commercial transactions, especially for accounting and tax purposes.
The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.2 is mandatory. RSI is prohibited by law from providing you with commercial services without collecting such information.For legal reasons this information will be stored as long as your account remains open and thereafter for the retention periods set forth by law for accounting and tax purposes.
3.3. Playing the Game
When you play the Game, in addition to the information we collect under Section 3.1 and 3.2 above we may also collect the following Personal Information and Non-Personal Information:
feature usage
game play statistics and scores (including game progress)
performance data of the game client (including use of CPU, GPU and memory)
user rankings
click paths
your account preferences
online profiles
If you participate in any competitions, the relevant information such as your results or ranking may be displayed with your community moniker and handle on the Website.
When the Game, or any element or module thereof, is updated or “patched,” our patch routine may check your computer to see that you have the most recent version of Game-specific files.
We use this information to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, to optimize game play, enhance your game experience, provide marketing information and special offers for the Game to you and to enforce our rights and the rights of other users in case of suspicion of fraud (see also Sec. 3.4 below).
The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.3 is mandatory as we cannot operate, optimize and enhance the Game properly without collecting this information. If you do not agree with this data collection and storage, we will need to deactivate your account and access to the Game. For legal reasons this information will be stored as long as your account remains open and for the applicable statutes of limitations thereafter.
3.4. Misuse
In addition to Sections 3.1 to 3.3, if we reasonably suspect that any of the RSI Services or your Account is being, or has been, misused, including without limitation, by virtue of any:
DoS attacks
gold farming
other violations of our Terms of Service
TheRSI may collect further Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to verify or refute such suspicions within the limits of applicable law and taking into account your reasonable data protection interests. We will use this information to comply with applicable law and enforce our rights under civil and penal law against the respective users.
The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.4 is mandatory. We may not be able to enforce our rights without such information.For legal reasons this information will be stored as long as your account remains open and for the applicable statues of limitations thereafter.
3.5. Crash Reports, Customer Support
Optionally you may choose to send crash reports or contact Customer Support for any technical and commercial issues.
In addition to the data collected in Sec. 3.1 to 3.4 above the data provided by you may include:
crash reports
any other data you may choose to provide
p.The collection of the information set out in this Section 3.5 is not mandatory. However, we might not be able to fix bugs or handle the technical and commercial issues you have without this information. For legal reasons this information will be stored as long as your account remains open and for the applicable statues of limitations thereafter.
4. Will RSI Share My Information with Third Parties?
Other than as expressly set out in this Privacy Policy, RSI will never share your Personal Information with third parties without your consent.
RSI may share your Personal Information with:
any of our affiliated companies, including Roberts Space Industries International, Ltd., Roberts Space Industries Germany GmbH, Foundry 42 Ltd., Cloud Imperium Games, LLC and Cloud Imperium Games Texas, LLC (individually and collectively “CIG”)
third party service providers under our control and monitoring where such disclosure is necessary or helpful to enable us to provide you with any of the RSI Services and such third parties are contractually bound to process your Personal Information and/or Non-Personal Information under the same restrictions as are set forth in this Privacy Policy
third party payment providers which are bound by strict privacy policies to carry out payment transactions with you
any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy or under our Terms of Service; and/or
any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable us to enforce our rights under this Privacy Policy or under our Terms of Service (such as law enforcement authorities in case of fraud investigations)
We will not disclose your Personal Information to anybody else without your explicit approval.
5. How Does RSI Protect Your Personal Information?
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow applicable law to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and in storage.
Your Personal Information will be stored on servers which may be owned by third parties such as Amazon Web Services, Inc. (“AWS”), Google, Inc. (“Google”), Microsoft Corp. (“MS”) and/or their respective affiliates all of which are for purposes of data protection under contractual control by us and/or CIG. Any Personal Information that you provide to us in accordance with this Privacy Policy will be adequately protected by this Privacy Policy, our contract with CIG and Google, AWS, MS or any other third party service providers which implement applicable law for data protection.
If you have any questions about security on our Website, please contact us at privacy@cloudimperiumgames.com .
6. Review, Correction Of Your Information, Requesting Removal From Mailing Lists And Deactivating Your Account
You can correct, update or delete your Account information at any time by logging on our Website and navigating to your Account settings. Should you be unable to log in your Account, please contact us at privacy@cloudimperiumgames.com . We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. If you wish to have your account deactivated, please contact support@cloudimperiumgames.com .
7. Public Information Including User Generated Content, Online Forums, Blogs And Profiles
You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to the Website or in public online chat rooms, blogs, message boards, user “profiles” for public view or in similar forums on our Website. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there.
You should be aware that any Personal Information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages in breach of our Terms of Service. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.
If you post a video, image or photo on any of our Website for public view you should be aware that these may be viewed, collected, copied and/or used by other users without your consent. We are not responsible for the videos, images or photos that you choose to submit to the Website.
8. Third Party Sites.
Our Website may contain advertising or services which link to other websites such as Twitter, Facebook and YouTube. The fact that we link to a third party website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party website or the operator of that third party website. If you click on a link to a third party site, including on an advertisement, you will leave the RSI site you are visiting and go to the site you selected. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as RSI. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to an RSI Service, you should consult that third party website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.
We may receive some of the information that you submit to any third party website that you access from an advertisement contained on any of the RSI Services. Both we and the owner or operator of that third party website will be the data controller in respect of any such information.
9. Products/Services Offered In Partnership With Third Party(s)
Members may register for other products and/or services via the RSI Services. Certain products and/or services available via the RSI Services are provided to you in partnership with third party(s) and may require you to disclose Personal Information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you elect to register for such products and/or services your Personal Information will be transferred to such third party(s) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third party(s). We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third party(s) prior to providing your Personal Information in connection with such products and/or services.
10. Contact Information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you may contact us using the following contact information:
Roberts Space Industries LLC.
Terms of Service: www.robertsspaceindustries.com/tos
