Definition of service:  Definition.net is an online reference for definitions that is written by its users.
Types of Data collected
Among the types of Personal Data that Definition.net collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Email address, Photo, Cookie and Usage data. Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection. The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using Definition.net.
Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by Definition.net or by the owners of third party services used by Definition.net, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User. Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for Definition.net to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through Definition.net and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Cookies
Some Cookies are necessary for the proper functioning of Definition.net and are used to store sessions and preferences. These Cookies are necessary for the functioning of the services filed under the section ”Advertising”. exchange_uid, _drt_, FLC, id, __gads Google AdSense Cookies.
These Cookies are necessary for the functioning of the services filed under the section ”Analytics”. _ut*, _ga* Google Analytics Cookies.
The Use of the Collected Data
The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Contacting the User, Analytics and Interaction with external social networks and platforms. The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.
Advertising
These services allow User Data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on Definition.net, possibly based on User interests. This does not mean that all Personal Data are used for this purpose. Information and conditions of use are shown below. Some of the services listed below may use Cookies to identify Users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the User’s interests and behavior,  including those detected outside Definition.net. For more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services. Google AdSense (Google Inc.)
Google AdSense is an advertising service provided by Google Inc. This service uses the “Doubleclick” Cookie, which tracks use of Definition.net and User behavior concerning ads, products and services offered.
Analytics
The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Analytics (Google Inc.) Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Definition.net, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage data. Place of processing : USA – Privacy Policy
Contact Form
By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes Definition.net to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header. Personal Data collected: Email address, First Name and Last Name.
Legal Information
Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies. This privacy policy relates solely to Definition.net.
