Translations
pri·va·cy pol·i·cy
Here are all the possible meanings and translations of the word privacy policy.
Wiktionary(0.00 / 0 votes)Rate this definition:
privacy policy(Noun)
The set of policies that an organization or party uses to collect or hide information about an end user or customer of the organization, particularly where it concerns private information.
Freebase(5.00 / 1 vote)Rate this definition:
Privacy policy
Privacy policy is a statement or a legal document that discloses some or all of the ways a party gathers, uses, discloses and manages a customer or client's data. Personal information can be anything that can be used to identify an individual, not limited to but including; name, address, date of birth, marital status, contact information, ID issue and expiry date, financial records, credit information, medical history, where you travel, and intentions to acquire goods and services. In the case of a business it is often a statement that declares a party's policy on how it collects, stores, and releases personal information it collects. It informs the client what specific information is collected, and whether it is kept confidential, shared with partners, or sold to other firms or enterprises. Privacy policy is important to the modern state, because grounded in it is the individual's physical and moral autonomy. For this reason, it is worthy of constitutional protection. The exact contents of a privacy policy will depend upon the applicable law and may need to address requirements across geographical boundaries and legal jurisdictions. Most countries have their own legislation and guidelines of who is covered, what information can be collected, and what it can be used for. In general, data protection laws in Europe cover the private sector as well as the public sector. Their privacy laws apply not only to government operations but also to private enterprises and commercial transactions. In North America, privacy laws apply only to the public sector, not to the private sector. However, most private sector organizations in North America have taken the initiative to develop their own privacy policies and codes of conduct.
Numerology
Chaldean Numerology
The numerical value of privacy policy in Chaldean Numerology is: 9
Pythagorean Numerology
The numerical value of privacy policy in Pythagorean Numerology is: 3
Sample Sentences & Example Usage
Images & Illustrations of privacy policy
Translations for privacy policy
privacy policy definition in other languages:
Select another language:
Word of the Day
Would you like us to send you a FREE new word definition delivered to your inbox daily?
Please enter your email address:  
  
  Subscribe
Citation
Use the citation below to add this definition to your bibliography:
Are we missing a good definition for privacy policy? Don't keep it to yourself...
Submit Definition
Definitions & Translations
One click install »
Thanks for your vote! We truly appreciate your support.
