Cookies
This website uses cookies in order to enhance your user experience. By using this website you are agreeing to the use of cookies from this website.
Cookies are small text files that websites use to remember information about you. They’re stored on your computer and can only be accessed by the website that created them or your web browser. It is possible to change the cookie settings of your browser to allow or block cookies depending on your preference.
This website uses a number of different cookies depending on how you use the website:
Google Analytics a third party cookie)  These cookies are set by Google Analytics and are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use this information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
The cookies that are used for Google Analytics in order for us to understand what content people find useful, and for us to then provide better content on the website. This information is collected in anonymous form and includes information such as visits to the site, how you arrived at the site and what pages you visited. If you wish to opt out of this then follow this link  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Blocking the use of cookies may result in this website not functioning properley.
Privacy Policy
 
-Who is responsible for looking after your personal data?
In order to comply fully with regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council, Barneys Farm wish to inform you that that your personal data will be handled by:  Barneys Souvenirs BV with Company Reg No 34251957 Haarlemmerstraat 98, 1013 EW, Amsterdam,  Netherlands.
-For what purpose is my data being used?
Your data is used to help us to offer you the best products from our online stores as well as for managerial and administrative uses such as accounting and taxation. It may also be used for marketing to you from Barney’s Farm.
-Who else is this data available to?
If required your personal information may be shared with tax authorities or banks.
-How long do Barneys Farm keep personal information?
In all cases we will keep this data indefinitely unless you specifically contact us and ask to have your set of data deleted.
-What legal rights do you have regarding this data?
At any time you can request to see all of the personal data that we hold about you. You may also ask that we stop using it any stage by contacting info@barneysfarm.com or by contacting us by post at: Haarlemmerstraat 98, 1013 EW, Amsterdam, Netherlands. If you believe we are not handing your data correctly you also have the right to complain to an EU supervisory authority regarding this.
-What legal basis allows you to use this data?
As a relationship exists between us as customer and supplier, there is a legal framework allowing us to process your customer data.
For those contacting Barney’s Farm
 
-Who is responsible for looking after your personal data?
In order to comply fully with regulation 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council il, Barneys Farm wish to inform you that that your personal data will be handled by: Barneys Souvenirs BV with Company Reg No 34251957
Haarlemmerstraat 98, 1013 EW, Amsterdam,  Netherlands.
-What is my personal data used for?
Your data is used for maintaining contact with you via marketing newsletters and similar correspondence. It could also be used to reach you if you contact us via web forms on the website or other online means such as website comments.
-How long is my data kept?
Your data will be kept indefinitely unless you contact us and ask us to delete it, which you may do at any time.
-Who else is this data available to?
This data is not shared with any third parties whatsoever.
-What legal rights do you have regarding this data?
At any time you can request to see all of the personal data that we hold about you. You may also ask that we delete it and stop using it any time by contacting info@barneysfarm.com or by contacting us by post at: Barneys Souvenirs BV, Haarlemmerstraat 98, 1013 EW, Amsterdam, Netherlands.
-What legal basis allows you to use this data?
When you contact Barneys Farm via our website contact or subscription forms you consent to our terms and conditions, which includes processing of your personal data.
Barney's Info
Quick Links
Exclusive access for adults only
Content for people of 18 years of age or older, entering barneysfarm.com is reserved for people at the age of majority. In the Netherlands, the age of majority is 18 years old, check your local laws and respect them.
We dispatch our marijuana seeds with the reservation that they will  not be used in conflict with national laws. Customers must be aware that cannabis seeds are illegal in some countries. Barneys Farm provides these seeds on condition that they will not be taken to countries where they are illegal. Those doing so are solely responsible for their own actions and Barney’s Farm accepts no responsibility in this regard.
Our online store complies with Netherlands law. Seeds are sold strictly for souvenirs, storage and genetic preservation.
General legal notice: Germination is illegal in most countries, please check your country's law regarding seeds, paraphernalia and other products related with Cannabis culture.
