Our Commitment to Privacy
Our Privacy Policy was developed as an extension of our commitment to give you the highest-quality products and services with the highest level of integrity. The Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard any personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This statement will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs and will be amended when appropriate to do so.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children's Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age and we have no content or products that would be inappropriate for a younger audience. While our website, products and services may be of interest to a younger audience, our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. We believe that it's especially important to protect children's privacy online and encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children to participate and monitor their Internet activity.
What Information Do We Collect?
When you visit our Web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected for general data purposes as you and others browse our Web site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Email Information
If you choose to correspond further with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.| We do not and will not ever share or disseminate your email address or other personal information with third parties without your consent. Furthermore, we will not post your e-mail or personal information on our web site without your consent.
Credit Card Information
In addition to providing the foregoing information to our partners when applicable, if you choose to purchase products or services from us or our partners, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Other personal information (i.e. mother's maiden name)
2. Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. This information is collected on A general basis and not specifically you.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?
Broadly speaking, we use personal information you provide us for purposes of administering our business activities. What that really means is that we use this information to provide you with the best customer service possible and to communicate with your about our products and services. We safeguard our list to help ensure the security and privacy of your personal information. You may notify us anytime of your desire to no longer receive communication from us.
What Are Cookies?
Cookies are a feature of Web browser software that allows Web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Web site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from Web page to Web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
We use Web site browser software tools such as cookies and Web server logs to gather information about our Web site users' browsing activities, in order to constantly improve our Web site and better serve you. This information assists us to design and arrange our Web pages in the most user-friendly manner and to continually improve our Web site to better meet the needs of our customers and prospective customers.
Cookies help us collect important business and technical statistics. The information in the cookies lets us trace the paths followed by users to our Web site as they move from one page to another. Web server logs allow us to count how many people visit our Web site and evaluate our Web site's visitor capacity. We do not use these technologies to capture your individual email address or any personally identifying information about you
Sharing Information with Affiliates and Third Parties
On our web site there may be certain buttons that allow you to click on them to find out about services from third parties. We take measures to select product or service providers that are responsible and afford privacy protections to their customers. However, we cannot make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies.
Sharing Information with Strategic Partners
We do not share or disseminate your email address or other personal information with third parties without your consent. Period.
How Do We Secure Information Transmissions?
When we accept confidential personal credit card information on our Web site, we do so with secure server software which we have licensed and encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. The information is scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches our Web site.
Other email that you may send to us may not be secure unless we advise you that security measures will be in place prior to your transmitting the information. For that reason, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as Social Security or account numbers to us through an unsecured email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
Information Security.
We utilize encryption/security software to safeguard the confidentiality of personal information we collect from unauthorized access or disclosure and accidental loss, alteration or destruction.
Evaluation of Information Protection Practices.
Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security, confidentiality and quality of our information.
Employee Access, Training and Expectations.
Our company values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to your confidential information, and limits the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons, processes and transactions.
Do We Disclose Information to Outside Parties?
No. We may however provide data that is not personal to you about, Website traffic patterns and related Web site information
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights.
What About Other Web Sites Linked to Our Web Site?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Websites linked to or from our Web site nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Web site to another Web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other Website, including Websites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
Enjoy Life More
Join the 1MD Health Club for exclusive access to fitness tips & health news to help boost your vitality.
Health Guides
Meal Plans
Latest Research
The views and opinions expressed by contributors and or product reviews are their own and not necessarily those of 1MD.org. ...Read More
These reviews should not be taken as recommendations but rather customer opinions of the products that they have used. Furthermore, 1MD.org makes no warranty or representation, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy or sufficiency of the information contributed by outside sources, and assumes no responsibility or liability regarding the use of such information. The statements on this site have not been evaluated by the FDA. The information provided in content sections, customer reviews and testimonials is intended for educational purposes only. Products sold on 1MD.org are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. If you are pregnant, nursing, taking medication, have a medical condition, or are under the age of 18, consult your physician before using this product. Immediately discontinue use and consult your physician if you experience any adverse reaction to this product.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
©2018 1MD. All Rights Reserved.
