Reset Password Link Sent!
×
Password Assistance
×
Entertainment Earth, Inc. has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. We have made a commitment to meet the strict requirements regarding how we treat your information. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.entertainmentearth.com.
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available in the footer of nearly every page on our website, and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
Entertainment Earth collects information from you when you choose to share it with us. This may include when you use the website to register or create an account; set up a "wish list"; purchase products; request information from us; sign up for emails; enter a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion; fill out a survey; request customer support; receive a gift or shipment from someone who sent it to you via our website; or otherwise communicate with or contact us. The information we collect may include your name, physical address, shipping address, email address, telephone or mobile phone number, credit card and/or other payment information, password, purchase history, shopping preferences, and any information you provide by interacting with us through social media or forums. Keep in mind: any comments or reviews that you provide are accessible to all users of the relevant platform and may be visible to others or collected by third-parties, so you should use discretion when posting information and you should not post personal information. If you do post personal information, you do so at your own risk.
The information we collect for members who have signed up for our affiliate program is explained if you fill out an application to join our program. It may include primary contact information, details about the website you will use to advertise Entertainment Earth, pay-to information, and tax ID information for the purposes of tax filings should you produce taxable income from the program. Entertainment Earth keeps this information completely confidential, and does not share any information submitted for the affiliate program.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Entertainment Earth website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
We may use a variety of technologies such as cookies, web beacons, embedded scripts, or other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to, and users of, our website and interactions with our emails and online and mobile advertisements, and to allow us to keep track of analytics and certain statistical information. This may include:
Analytics and Log Files - We may automatically collect certain information from you, including but not limited to your browser type, device type and model, operating system, unique device identifier of any of your computer(s) or device(s) that are used to access a Site or App, software version, Internet Protocol (IP) address, geolocation, preferred language, and the domain name from which you accessed a Site or App. We also may collect information about your use of the Entertainment Earth website, including the date and time you visit the Entertainment Earth website, the areas or pages of a Entertainment Earth website that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Entertainment Earth website, your GPS location (if you have enabled location tracking on your device), the number of times you return to the Entertainment Earth website, other click-stream or site usage data, emails that you open, forward, or click-through to a Site or App.
Cookies, Web Beacons, And Other Technologies -  We use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, pixels, ad tags and device identifiers) to recognize you and/or your device(s) on, off and across different Services and devices. For detailed information on the cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them, see below.
Cookies - We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them, then we recommend you visit aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance. Cookies allow us to identify and authenticate visitors, track aggregate behavior, and enable important site features. Entertainment Earth uses both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time, and we use that to identify you should you return to the site and want to find a shopping cart that you had started even if you are not logged in, or don't have a user account. Persistent cookies may also be used if you click over to Entertainment Earth from one of our affiliate partner websites - we will store a reference number identifying the website that referred you so they can get credit if you make a purchase - they do not receive any information about our clients ever, and the cookie contains no personal information.   Session cookies are used to maintain your shopping state as you browse through the site. YouTube uses cookies to help maintain the integrity of video statistics, prevent fraud and to improve the site experience, among other things. We also contract with analytics services, third party affiliate services, and third-party advertising companies to collect similar information for specific purposes. The use of cookies by our partners is not covered by this Policy.  Though you may disable cookies through your web browser, doing so may prevent you from taking advantage of some of the Sites' features. To opt out of these collection services, please see the section "Your Choices" below. The use of cookies by our partners is not covered by this Policy. To opt out of the services related to these cookies, please see section "Your Choices" below.
WebBecons/Tags - We automatically collect aggregate anonymous information through web beacons. We may also deliver a file to you through the Sites (known as a "web beacon") from an advertising network with which we have contracted. Web beacons allow third parties to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us.
Targeted Advertising - Third-party advertising companies serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect anonymous information about you through cookies and/or web beacons on our Sites and other sites, and then display targeted ads on various sites that you visit. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking here (or if located in the European Union click here ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads, or, to opt out of third-party advertising or analytics, please see section "Your Choices" below.
Social Media Features - Our Sites include social media features from providers, such as Groove, Olark, Disqus and Bugherd, Facebook and others. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it.
How We Use Information
Entertainment Earth may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following purposes:
To provide you with products, information, or services that you have requested or agreed to receive, or when necessary.
To contact you with information, newsletters, and promotional materials from Entertainment Earth or on behalf of our third-party partners and affiliates.
To enable you to participate in a variety of Entertainment Earth features, such as sweepstakes, message boards, other communication features, user-generated content functions, and interactive features.
To review the usage and operations of our website, develop new products or services, and conduct analysis to enhance or improve our content, products, and services.
To enhance your online shopping experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Entertainment Earth website.
To provide you with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Entertainment Earth website, via email, or across other websites, mobile applications, social media or online services.
To use your data in an aggregated non-specific format for analytical and demographic purposes.
To address problems with the Entertainment Earth website or our business, and to protect the security or integrity of the Entertainment Earth website and our business.
To use and disclose your credit/debit card information only to process payments and prevent fraud.
As disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent. Additionally, if you use the Entertainment Earth website to connect with third-party services, you authorize us to use information from and about you, on your behalf, to interact with these third-party services based on your requests.
How Your Data May Be Shared
We may share the information we collect from and about you in the following ways:
Service Providers: We may share your information with third-party service providers that provide business, professional, or technical support functions for us (including to the extent necessary or desirable to fulfill or ship your order or complete your transaction), help us operate our business and the Entertainment Earth website, or administer activities on our behalf. We do not authorize these third-party service providers to use or disclose your information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
Co-Branded Relationships: Certain areas of our Entertainment Earth website may be provided to you in association with third parties, such as advertisers that provide products and services or rewards programs. We may share information with these third parties if you participate in a co-branded, co-sponsored, or jointly presented promotion, contest, survey, voting feature, or service.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Other Promotions. If you choose to enter one of our promotions, we may disclose your information to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of the promotion, as required by law, as otherwise permitted by the promotion's official rules, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Third Parties: We do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission.
Legal Matters; Safety: We may access and disclose your information to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, or government requests and investigations, or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law. We may disclose your information to protect the security of our Entertainment Earth website, servers, network systems, and databases. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use, any other legal document or contract related to our services, or the rights of any third party.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets: We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the transferee use information provided through the Entertainment Earth website in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Aggregate or Anonymous Non-Personal Information: We may share aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified non-personal information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses.
Other: We also may share your information as disclosed to you at the time of collection.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We regularly monitor our systems for possible attacks and vulnerabilities, but we can't warrant the security of the data you send us even with the safeguards we have put in place.
SSL Technology - Our website uses encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL"), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address, and credit card number.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18. Entertainment Earth intends all products to be purchased by adults. Children under the age of 18 are required to purchase from Entertainment Earth with the involvement of a parent of legal guardian.
Your Choices
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information - You can access a variety of your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain it either online, or by contacting our customer service representatives via email at hello@entertainmentearth.com or  by phone at 1-818-255-0095. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How You Can Request For Your Information To Be Deleted. -  - You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (provided it is no longer necessary for legal purposes or to provide Services to you). You may place a request by contacting our customer service representatives via email at hello@entertainmentearth.com or by phone at 1-818-255-0095. We will delete all your personal data that we are not legally required to maintain within 30 days. We will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before proceeding with deletion. Please realize that if you initialize this request while you have outstanding orders, those orders will be cancelled.
Opting out of Communications
Email - Any subscription to various marketing e-mails can be cancelled by clicking the "unsubscribe" links in the e-mails, changing preferences in the "Your Account" area online, sending a request to hello@entertainmentearth.com or by calling 1-818-255-0095. You will continue to receive transactional e-mails that are directly related to the processing of your orders
Catalogs and Regular Mail - We may send you notices and catalogs in the mail. You may remove yourself from receiving Entertainment Earth materials in the mail simply by sending a request to hello@entertainmentearth.com or by calling 1-818-255-0095.
Targeted Advertising - If you do not want information about your activity on our sites to be used for tailored advertising, please visit the opt-out page hosted by the Network Advertising Initiative and follow the instructions there.
Analytics - You may opt-out of Google Analytics by following this link .
Google AdWords - Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page .
Cookies - You may disable, or delete cookies in your Web browser, but doing so may impact the usability of the website.  To block cookies, you can also browse the site using your browser's anonymous usage setting (called "Incognito" in Chrome, "InPrivate" for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.)
Contests - From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests, sweepstakes, surveys and/or other promotions on our website. If you participate, we will request certain personal information from you. Participation in these contests, sweepstakes, surveys and/or promotions is completely voluntary, and you therefore have a choice about whether or not to disclose this information. We may use a third-party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; in those cases, that company will be prohibited from using our users' personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We will not share the personal data you provide through a contest, sweepstakes, survey and/or promotion with other third parties unless we give you prior notice and choice.
Other Sites Linked to by Entertainment Earth
Our site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.  We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Policy Updates
This privacy policy was updated on May 25, 2018. Entertainment Earth reserves the right to change or modify this policy at any time. All changes and modifications to this policy will be posted on this page.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-818-255-0095 or send us an email at hello@entertainmentearth.com .
Entertainment Earth, Inc.
61 Moreland Rd.
Browse and Explore
The Email field is not a valid e-mail address.
Join
Receive a perfect item with the best packaging possible - at no extra charge. Experience our groundbreaking Mint Condition Guarantee™ - for Collectors Only.
If you find a lower price on this item elsewhere, just contact us. We'll give you 110% of the difference with our Low Price Guarantee .
Shop Risk Free with us. We will not charge your credit card until items come in stock.
Copyright 1996-2018 Entertainment Earth, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
