Scroll to learn more
We do not collect any personally identifiable information such as your name or e-mail address, unless you provide it voluntarily. When provided voluntarily, we will not distribute or share your information with any third party without your consent.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can be used to track user sessions to maintain passwords, make product recommendations, keep items organized in shopping carts, and to remember your preferences. Like most Web sites, Adlucent utilizes cookies on our website to enhance the user experience by helping us evaluate the usefulness of information on our site and the ease of use by which you are able to navigate through our site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site.
We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file.
We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you don't have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site.
If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site, such as contests or surveys, will be limited.
Some of our business partners (e.g., advertisers) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies
This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Adlucent LLC and Adlucent.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Log Files
As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information.
We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate.
Clear Gifs
We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers' personally identifiable information.
Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Adlucent. Please be aware that we, Adlucent LLC, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may make changes by filling out our  Data Subject Access Request form and emailing it to our Privacy Policy Customer Support at privacy@adlucent.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can send email us at privacy@adlucent.com .
Business Transactions
In the event Adlucent LLC goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via a prominent notice on our Web site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.
Changes In This Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@adlucent.com or 800-788-9152.
No Party shall be liable to any other Party for any consequential, punitive, or exemplary damages for any claim or cause of action related to the use of this Web site or the use of any information contained within this Web site. Our total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action will not exceed the amount you paid for services
Liability Disclaimer
We do not warrant or guarantee the accuracy, quality, comprehensiveness, or validity of any information on the website or linked from the website. All information contained on this website has been obtained from sources believed by Adlucent to be accurate and reliable. Due to the possibility of human and mechanical error, we are not responsible for any errors or omissions.
EEA Supplement to Privacy Policy
Advantage Sales & Marketing LLC d/b/a Adlucent (“we,” “us,” “our”) provides to residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) this supplement (“supplement”) to our privacy policy (https://www.adlucent.com/privacypolicy), which contains additional information for such residents. This supplement applies only to those individuals who are residents of the EEA. Any terms not specifically defined in this supplement have the meaning set forth in our privacy policy.
Adlucent is a California limited liability company headquartered at 2130 S. Congress, Austin, Texas 78704, United States of America.
We are a data controller of your personal data collected through your visit to our website, such as when you submit queries through a "contact us" feature, to track web traffic, or as otherwise described in our privacy policy or this supplement. For purposes of this supplement, "personal data" means any information relating to an identified or identefiable natural person. A list of the types of personal data that we process, and how that data is collected, can be found in our privacy policy. This portion of the supplement is only applicable for visitors to our website. If you are a customer of a client using our services, please scroll to the section titled "for customers of our clients."
We process your personal data on several different legal bases, as follows:
Our legal obligations - we may need to process your personal data to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, and to respond to lawful requests, court orders and legal process.
Your prior consent - for placing cookies on your device (subject to certain exceptions) or sending marketing communications to you. Information on cookies and marketing communications can be found below.
Our legitimate interests - we process your personal data: 
ofor the security and safety of our website, our technology connected to the website and the users of the website:
oto detect and prevent fraud;
oto protect and defend the rights or property or others, or our own rights and interests;
oto manage and administer the website, including analyzing web traffic and utilizing web analytics solutions. Details of such solutions that we use are in the next section.
Cookies and web analytics used on our website
The website makes use of cookies. Cookies are small text files downloaded by your internet browser and stored on the device you use to access the website (e.g., your desktop computer, laptop, tablet or smartphone). Depending on their purpose, cookies log specific user-related information such as your user preferences, authentication information, security parameters, data concerning the devices you use to access the website, and statistical information regarding your use of the website. Where necessary during your visit to the website or when revisiting the website, your internet browser transmits the cookies including the contained information back to the servers they were initially downloaded from. The analysis and processing of such information allows us to ensure the functionality of the website, improve your online experience, and optimize the structure and content of the website.
The cookies we use can be categorized as follows:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These are cookies   that are required for the operation of the website or of certain parts   thereof. They either serve the sole purpose of carrying out network   transmissions or are strictly necessary in order for us to provide an online   service explicitly requested by you.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies   allow us to carry out web analytics or other forms of audience measuring such   as recognizing and counting the number of visitors and seeing how visitors   move around the website. This helps us to improve the way the website works,   for example, by ensuring that users are easily finding what they are looking   for.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies are   used to recognize you when you return to the website. This enables us to personalize   our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for   example, your choice of language or region). Loss of the information in these   cookies may make our services less functional but would not prevent the website   from working.
Targeting/Profiling Cookies
These cookies   record your visit to the website and/or your use of the services, the pages   you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this   information to make the website and the advertising displayed on it more   relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third   parties for this purpose.
The following cookies are used on this website:
Cookie Name
Purpose
Adlucent
Analytical/Performance
Loads   when a customer's ad is clicked. Expires after 30 days (typically – customers   can customize this number, but this is true for 99% of customers)
To   anonymously correlate paid search traffic (Google, Bing, Facebook, etc.) with   purchases on the retailer site
When   a session is initiated. Expires after 30 mins
This   cookie keeps track of sessions.This is used to determine if we should   increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains   the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session   start timestamp.
When   a session is initiated. Expires when the browsing session ends
Whenever   HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set
When   a session is initiated. Expires after 2 years
The   main cookie for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, utk, initial   timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this   visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).
When   a session is initiated. Expires after 10 years
This   cookie is used to keep track of a visitor's identity. This cookie is passed   to HubSpot on form submission and used when de-duplicating contacts.
Used   to distinguish users for Google Analytics
IDE
When   a session is initiated. Expires after 2 years
Used   to distinguish users for Google Analytics
PHPSESSID
Expression   Engine
Strictly   Necessary
When   a session is initiated. Expires when the browsing session ends
This   is a general purpose identifier used to maintain user session variables
__atuvc
AddThis
Functionality
When   a session is initiated. Expires in 13 months
Enables visitors to share content with a range of networking and   sharing platforms
Functionality
When   a session is initiated. Expires when the browsing session ends
Blocking link spam and the robots which deliver it
exp_csrf_token
When   a session is initiated. Expires in 24 hrs
Every   time the state is updated (the page reloaded) the last activity is set to the   current datetime. Used to determine expiry. This is essential for logged in   users, but not for guests - it is set for both.
When   a session is initiated. Expires in 24 hrs
Sets   the datetime that the user last visited the site, and is set for both guests   and logged in users
Analytical/Performance
When   a session is initiated. Expires when the browsing session ends
Tracks   the last 5 pages viewed by the user, and is used primarily for redirection   after logging in etc.
When   a session is initiated. Expires in 2 years
Collects   data through a range of plug-ins and integrations, that is primarily used for   tracking and targeting.
Allows for measurement, optimization and building of audiences related to Facebook/Instagram ad campaigns
Used   to throttle request rate
When   a session is initiated. Expires 30 min from set/update
Used   to signal the last time a visitor viewed a page.
When   a session is initiated. Expires 30 min from set/update
This   cookie is used to establish and continue a user session with the site
__cfduid
Hubspot
Unknown
Unknown
Name and Provider of   Solution
Purpose/Category
Personal Data Processed   by Solution
Your Choice Regarding   the Solution
Google   Analytics by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA   94043, USA
Evaluating   your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for us and   providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage to   us
Includes unique   identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating   system, mobile network information, and application version number. Interaction   of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system   activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request.
Additionally,   you can prevent Google’s collection and use of your personal data by   downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Google   Adwords by Google, Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043,   USA
Measurement,   optimization and building of audiences for Google Adwords
Includes   web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of   your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser
HubSpot   by HubSpot, Inc., 25 First Street, 2 nd Floor
Cambridge,   MA 02141, USA
Analyze   trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website,   and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Information   on your use of the site, including, without limitation, your IP address,   browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), operating   system, clickstream data, access times and referring website addresses
Content   management system
Information   on your use of the site, including, without limitation, your IP address,   browser type, browser version, the time and date of your visit, the time   spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data
Twitter   by Twitter, Inc., 355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA
To   understand use of services, to monitor aggregate usage patterns, and to   personalize and otherwise operate our services.
Information   such as IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page,   pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including   device and application IDs), search terms, or cookie information.
Facebook by Facebook, Inc.   1601 Willow Road
Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA
Personalizing   content, tailoring and measuring ads, and providing a safer experience.
Things   you do and information you provide, things others do and information they   provide, your networks and connections, device information, information from   websites and apps that use our Services, information from third-party   partners, and Facebook companies
If you are on the web, you can visit the Digital   Advertising Alliance’s consumer choice tool http://optout.aboutads.info or the EU based http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices to opt out of seeing   interest-based advertising from Facebook in your current browser.
You may influence the scope and extent to which we use cookies when you visit our website. In particular, you may prevent cookies from being stored on your device by adjusting the respective settings on your internet browser. However, please be aware that this might render certain functions of our website inoperable or more difficult to use. Depending on the internet browser you use, you might also be able to specifically reject third party cookies. in this context, please note that third parties might still have access to your personal data to the extent such information is logged by first party cookies.
Marketing Communications
On our website, you can register to contact us, receive blog posts, download case studies, or similar information on our products or services or the products or services of our affiliated companies. As part of the registration process, we ask you to provide us with certain mandatory information. Such information includes:
1. First Name
2. Last Name
7. Country
When receiving a registration, we log and store the date/time of registration and the IP address the registration was received from. This solely serves evidentiary purposes in case your contact details are used by an unauthorized party.
When registering to receive newsletters or similar information, you need to explicitly declare your consent in our processing of your personal data for this purpose. You are under no obligation to provide such consent and, if you choose to do so nonetheless, you may withdraw your consent at any time with future effect for any or no reason by following the unsubscribe link contained in any email communication to you or by sending us an email at privacy@adlucent.com.
Recipients of your personal data
For the following purposes, we disclose your personal data to the following third parties, as required or permitted by applicable law:
Who Is your   Personal Data Disclosed To?
What Is the   Purpose Underlying the Disclosure?
Companies affiliated with Advantage   Sales & Marketing LLC d/b/a Adlucent and its subsidiaries, including AMP   Agency
To track opportunities across businesses
Salesforce, Inc. The Landmark at One   Market, Suite 300, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA
To assist us with marketing automation   and customer relationship management
HubSpot   by HubSpot, Inc., 25 First Street, 2 nd Floor
Cambridge,   MA 02141, USA
To assist us with marketing automation   and customer relationship management
How long we keep your personal data
We have implemented appropriate retention periods for your personal data collected or otherwise processed on or through the website. Where our processing of your personal data is based on legitimate interests or compliance with legal obligations, it will be deleted as soon as the underlying purpose has expired. Personal data processed based on your consent will be deleted if and when you withdraw such consent.
The following rights are provided to residents of the European Economic Area under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
Subject to the conditions set out in applicable laws, you have the following rights, without limitation, regarding the processing of your personal data:
(i)inquire whether and what kind of personal data we hold about you and how it is processed, and to access or request copies of such personal data
(ii)request the correction or supplementation of personal data about you that is inaccurate, incomplete or out-of-date in light of the purposes underlying the processing, or to
(iii)obtain the erasure of personal data no longer necessary for the purposes underlying the processing, processed based on withdrawn consent, processed for legitimate interests that, in the context of your objection, do not prove to be compelling, or processed in non‑compliance with applicable legal requirements.
In addition, you have, subject to the conditions set out in the applicable law and without limitation, the rights to:
(iv)request us to restrict the processing of personal data in certain situations where you feel its processing is inappropriate,
(v)object, in certain circumstances, to the processing of personal data for legitimate interests, and to
(vi)request portability of personal data that you have actively or passively provided to us (which does not include data derived or inferred from the collected data), where the processing of such personal Data is based on consent or a contract with you and is carried out by automated means.
If you desire to exercise any of the rights indicated above, you must provide the requested information in the Access Request Form .Complete the form and return it with your identification information to the following address:
2130 S. Congress, Austin, Texas 78704, United States of America
Or via Fax: 512-912-7719Or via Email: privacy@adlucent.com
Your provision of personal data to us
Your use of the website and your provision of personal data to us in the process is purely voluntary on your part. Subject to your sole discretion, you can, at any point, stop suing the website or, where applicable, opt out of certain data processing operations while on the website as described in this policy. An exception applies if and to the extent that you want to enter into or perform a contract with us on or through the website. In this event, providing us with your related personal data is necessary for us to be able to enter into the contract with or provide any contractual services to you.
Changes to this notice
We reserve the right in its sole discretion to amend this supplement from time to time. In this event, we will post the revised supplement on the website. We encourage you to periodically view this supplement so that you remain informed as to how we are protecting users’ personal data and about what cookies are used on the website. We may, where necessary, notify users of any modified version of this supplement that might materially affect the way we use, disclose or otherwise process users’ personal data or otherwise affect their privacy rights. We may do this by posting an update on the website which users will see at their next visit.
Contact us
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints with respect to this supplement, the way we handle your privacy or you wish to exercise your rights, please contact us using the following information:
Adlucent anonymously correlates paid search traffic (Google, Bing, Facebook, etc.) with purchases on our clients’ sites in order to provide analysis and reporting to our clients on their paid advertising efforts.
We collect and process information for the above services at the direction of our clients, and have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we collect or process on our client’s behalf. If you are a customer of one of our clients and would like to exercise any of your rights under applicable data privacy laws, please contact our client directly. 
Adlucent has been very innovative in achieving remarkable results, which in turn, increases my ability to bring on new products & brands knowing we can drive revenue profitably through search engines."
- Tomima Edmark, CEO of Andra Group
Phone: 1.800.788.9152
Sales: 512.222.1923
Thank you for your interest.
Please provide a bit of information to see this content.
First Name
Company
required
Thank you for submitting your information.
You will be able to access our resources once you close this window.
We're experiencing some technical difficulties.
×
Let’s Chat
We would love to discuss how our performance-based paid search services can drive your profitable revenue growth and improve your business performance.
Phone: 1.800.788.9152
Sales: 1.512.222.1923 
Fax: 1.512.912.7719
Email: solutions@adlucent.com
Michael Griffin
Founder & CEO
As the founder of Adlucent, Michael brings over 12 years of experience in strategic search engine marketing (SEM), bid optimization, consumer demand intelligence and retail analytics.
Michael is a leading thinker and innovator in retail SEM and drives the technology and overall business strategies for Adlucent.
His first venture into the online retail space was in managing paid search for Amazon.com where he helped grow revenue by 300% year-after-year eventually becoming Amazon's largest worldwide partner in search.
Michael built Adlucent as a bootstrapped company and has grown it into a profitable business accustomed to achieving 75-100% year over year growth. Adlucent's growth has been highlighted in the Inc. 500 and the Austin Business Journal's Fast50 listings, and the company's culture has been honored as an AdAge Best Place to Work and an Austin American-Statesman Top Workplace.
Michael is frequently tapped as an expert on the strategies that foster high converting online traffic to drive successful e-commerce. An active member of the Shop.org Research Committee, Michael participates in driving industry research and sharing results with retailers. Michael's work and perspective have been featured in major media outlets, including The New York Times, Inc. Magazine, the Search Insider and TechCrunch.
×
Ashwani Dhar is an experienced executive, entrepreneur and venture capitalist bringing sales, marketing, business development, and funding experience to Adlucent.
At Adlucent, Dhar is responsible for customer acquisition and overall client success.
During his tenure, he has expanded the company's customer base five-fold while achieving an industry-leading client retention rate. Ashwani has been also responsible for Adlucent's positioning and go-to-market strategy. He pioneered an innovative performance-based model that aligns Adlucent's compensation with its clients' success.
Prior to Adlucent, Dhar was responsible for revenue generation, market positioning and the ultimate business success for successful startup companies like Iconixx, Agea and Trilogy. Ashwani also founded and managed DC International, an international consulting company that focused on the emerging markets of Latin America.
Dhar began his career in strategic consulting for healthcare clients with APM and technology & operations consulting with Andersen Consulting (now Accenture). Dhar also served on the Board of Directors for Bigfoot Networks, Robot Genius and Perception Software through investments from his venture capital firm Venio Capital Partners.
×
Vice President of Engineering
Tim has over 25 years experience designing and developing high performance software machinery. Tim leads all technology development and operations in the role of VP of Engineering.
Tim's responsibilities also include all data integration, tracking, reporting and analytics utilized by Adlucent.
Since joining Adlucent, Ozor has driven the development of Adlucent's leading edge BuyerPath™ application and analytics platform, which is being utilized to effectively and efficiently manage millions of keyword and product ads for some of the largest online retailers in the world.
Tim's body of work includes Unix operating system development, object oriented middleware design and large scale Web application architecture. Ozor was instrumental in the development of Austin-based Vignette's ground-breaking content management system which served as the core product for Vignette through its IPO and eventual sale to Open Text. Tim was one of the first developers on board at Vignette and was employee 15 at what came to be one of the most successful IPOs in the Austin high-tech industry. Prior to Adlucent, Ozor led the design and development of the highly acclaimed National Transcript Center, which provides a secure electronic trading system for the exchange of student transcripts.
×
Head Coach - People & Culture
As Head Coach, Brian’s charge is to guide managers and Adlucites to their full potential. With 20+ years of experience as a HR executive and NCAA Division I Athlete and Coach, he instinctively relies on his vast experience in leadership development in business and athletics to bring forth leadership and business enablers.
Prior to joining Adlucent, Brian held various HR executive leadership positions at Verizon and USAA. More recently he led the HR functions at Austin-based FirstCare Health Plans and Campus Advantage. He played a pivotal role in the merger of Bell Atlantic and GTE to form Verizon, one of the five largest mergers in the 1990s. During the merger he directed team of 10 employees who orchestrated placement and /or displacement of 6,000+ staff. In subsequent roles key accomplishments included implementing a third party HR administrative solution valued at approximately $750K annually at Campus Advantage and instituting scientifically based recruiting processes resulting in a 33% improvement in average time to fill for key positions as well as a 20% reduction in turnover. He has also served as a Senior HR Consultant for vcfo and currently maintains his own business performance coaching practice ~ Sundog Coaching Group.
He holds a bachelor's degrees in business administration from University of Notre Dame where he concentrated in Marketing and was co-captain of Men’s Swimming and Diving team. He also has a master's degree in business administration from the University of Illinois where he concentrated in Human Resources at the nationally renowned School of Labor & Employment Relations.
×
