Find live music, cocktail lounges, and bars.
Enjoy the craft beer scene by sampling local brews, or get your groove on to live music in The Elbow downtown. Find dining and nightlife deals.
The Friendship Fountain glows at night.
Get great deals on riverfront, downtown, or beachside accommodations.
Spend some quality time outdoors.
Jacksonville boasts one of the largest urban park systems in the U.S., with more than 80,000 acres to explore. Find out about all of our fun outdoor activities.
Privacy and Conditions for Use Statement for Visit Jacksonville, Official Convention and Visitors Bureau for the City of Jacksonville and the Duval County Tourist Development Council.
Share
Visit Jacksonville respects the privacy and confidentiality of individuals who come to the Visit Jacksonville Website located at www.visitjacksonville.com. Visit Jacksonville maintains this Privacy Policy to help you understand our commitment to safeguard the privacy of the information you provide to us on the Visit Jacksonville Website. This Privacy Policy outlines the information that we will collect from you on the Visit Jacksonville Website and how we will use that information.
Collection of Your Personal Information by VisitJacksonville
Visit Jacksonville's mission is to provide you with personalized services and offerings designed to enhance your Jacksonville experience. To do so effectively, Visit Jacksonville collects the following information:
Personally Identifiable Information.
Through the use of the Visit Jacksonville Website, we only collect personally identifiable information about you when you voluntarily provide such personally identifiable information to Visit Jacksonville. If you do not wish your personally identifiable information to be collected, please do not submit it.
Information from the Use of "Cookies."
The Visit Jacksonville Website employs "cookie" technology. Cookies are small pieces of data stored in files on your computer allowing the Visit Jacksonville Website to track your use of the Visit Jacksonville Website as you visit and revisit the Visit Jacksonville Website. The use of cookies by the Visit Jacksonville Website complies with generally accepted programming standards and practices. Please note that you can choose to block the use of cookies through settings in your web browser but be advised that certain features of the Visit Jacksonville Website may not work properly without them.
Our site uses an online submission form for customers to request information, products, and services. (i.e. their name and email address) and demographic information (i.e. zip code, age, or interests). Contact information from the submission form is used by Visit Jacksonville to send: future emails based on specific interests, collateral materials, information about our company, and promotional material from some of our partners to our customers. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences.
This site contains links to other sites. Visit Jacksonville is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
This site utilizes Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting and may use data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender and interests) with Google Analytics.
Use of Your Information by Visit Jacksonville
It is the policy of Visit Jacksonville not to sell, share, transfer, or rent to third parties any information you provide to Visit Jacksonville, through the use of the Visit Jacksonville Website, without your written consent except as required by operation of the law or in compliance with legal authorities; provided, however Visit Jacksonville may share your personal information with certain third parties ("Target Third Parties") without your written consent in order to further the purpose for which you voluntarily provide Visit Jacksonville with the information. Additionally, Visit Jacksonville engages third party information management service providers to help maintain efficient operations. Because such information management service providers may access our systems, such information management service providers may have access to your information. Visit Jacksonville does not transfer or relinquish ownership of information maintained about you within Visit Jacksonville systems and databases to such information management service providers but requires these information management service providers to sign confidentiality agreements to keep all confidential information and other proprietary information found inour systems confidential.
Visit Jacksonville routinely collects, compiles, and reports statistics and information reflecting the use of the Visit Jacksonville Website and information services in order to enhance membership services, advertising services, improve marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Visit Jacksonville Website usage, improve the Visit Jacksonville Website's content and layout, generate aggregate reports on trends, interests and behavior and enhance service offerings.
Visit Jacksonville reserves the right to take any action Visit Jacksonville deems prudent or necessary to safeguard the Visit Jacksonville Website and your information in Visit Jacksonville systems and databases from malicious or unwarranted attack by viruses, hackers, or other miscreants.
Collection and Use of Your Information by Third Parties
Please note that third parties offer goods and services on and through the Visit Jacksonville Website. We assume each such third party has its own internal privacy policy and data collection and use practices. Visit Jacksonville does not have any responsibility for their practices.
Your Consent
By using the Visit Jacksonville Website, you consent to the collection and use of the above-described information by Visit Jacksonville (and Target Third Parties, in which case, once such Target Third Party is in possession of your information, we cannot control such Target Third Party's use of your information). If you do not agree with the terms and conditions stated in this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use the Visit Jacksonville Website.
Electronic Newsletters
We offer free, electronic newsletters, updates and e-mail reminders as a service to our registrants, based upon your voluntary subscription. You will only receive an electronic newsletter if you have requested it (opted-in). We do not share our mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers or partners.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site or your dealings with Visit Jacksonville, please feel free to contact us at 800-733-2668 or 208 N. Laura St, Suite 102 Jacksonville, FL 32202.
Opt-out Policy:
Users have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from Visit Jacksonville at any time.
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service:
1. You can send email to marketing@visitjacksonville.com with “remove from your mailing list" in the subject line. All emails sent through our newsletter lists have an unsubscribe link at the bottom.
2. You can send mail to the following postal address:
208 N. Laura St., Suite 102 Jacksonville, FL 32202
3. You can call the following telephone number: 800-733-2668
Hotel Reservations & Vacation Deals
Visit Jacksonville provides the availability to transact and reserve hotel accommodations through our websites. We use a third-party service called aRes Travel that displays hotel information on visitjacksonville.com but manages any transactions directly through the property sites that users are passed onto. Any and all data provided through this process is used and maintained by the individual properties to facilitate delivery of the hotel booking. Visit Jacksonville does not manage or service any hotel transactions made through book.visitjacksonville.com and does not receive, or have access to, any credit card information submitted in the hotel transaction. Visit Jacksonville makes no representation as to the accuracy or reliability of the hotel offers being made, or of the values represented herein. Consumers wishing to take advantage of these offers are urged to use diligence in doing so and to understand that they do so at their own risk.
Changes to this Privacy PolicyOn occasion, Visit Jacksonville may amend or change this Privacy Policy by updating or revising this posting, with the revised terms taking effect as of the date of its posting.
