1 (877) 378-1010
In a nutshell:
We do not collect any data about you except whatever information you voluntarily provide through an inquiry or an order
We use such data only to respond to your inquiry or to process your order
We do not share your information with anyone else, except insofar as it is necessary to fulfill your request (e.g., to process or ship your order)
We use industry-standard levels of security to protect your information both online and offline
We currently do not send unsolicited emails to our customers or potential customers
In Full:
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.medcom.com . This notice applies solely to information collected by these websites. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared;
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data;
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information; and
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing:
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to or collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our company, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
We currently do not send any unsolicited emails. Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information:
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. By contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website, you can do the following at any time:
See what data, if any, we have about you;
Change or correct any data we have about you;
Request that we delete any data we have about you (with the exception of any completed financial transactions, such as a purchase that you have made from us);
Express any concern you may have about our use of your data.
Security:
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure manner. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers &/or servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, please contact us via telephone at 707-823-0336 or via email at contact(at)medcom.com.
Use of Site Agreement
Copyright: All content appearing on this website is the property of International Medcom, Inc., 103 Morris Street, Suite A-5, Sebastopol, CA 95472. Copyright © 2005-2012. All rights reserved. As a user, you are authorized only to view, copy, print, and distribute documents that appear on this website so long as (1) the document is used for informational purposes only, and (2) any copy of the document (or portion thereof) includes the following copyright notice: Copyright © 2005-2012 International Medcom, Inc. All rights reserved.
Use of Site: This site may contain proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information, including product pricing and availability, may be changed or updated without notice. IMI and its subsidiaries reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, and/or cancel orders at its discretion, including, without limitation, if IMI believes that customer conduct violates applicable law or is harmful to the interests of IMI or its subsidiaries.
General Disclaimer: All product specifications, prices, warranty, policies, and terms & conditions of sale are subject to change without notice.
template-sidebar_right.php
Sebastopol, CA 95472
Made In California
Site by SQD
