Revised 09/2017
Privacy Policy
FACTS
WHAT DOES SEVERN SAVINGS BANK, FSB DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
- Social Security number and Income
- Account balances and Payment history
- Credit history and Credit scores
When you are no longer a customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Severn Savings Bank, FSB chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Severn Savings Bank, FSB share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes –
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
Yes
No
No
No
No
Severn Savings Bank, FSB
How does Severn Savings Bank, FSB  protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law.  These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
These security standards and procedures are routinely tested to verify the integrity of our systems.
How does Severn Savings Bank, FSB collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
- Open an account or deposit money;
- Pay your bills or apply for a loan;
- Make a wire transfer
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
- Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness
- Affiliates from using your information to market to you
- Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
- Our affiliates include financial companies such as Severn Financial Services Corporation; nonfinancial companies, such as Louis Hyatt, Inc. (trading as Hyatt Commercial), Mid-Maryland Title Company, Inc. and Hyatt and Weber P.A.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control.  They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
- Severn Savings Bank, FSB does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you
Joint Marketing
- Severn Savings Bank, FSB doesn’t jointly market.
Posted on
Reorder your personal checks today
You can reorder personal checks online at your convenience.
Your online security is important
Learn how to protect your information from Phishing, Identity Theft and more.
Mobile Banking at Severn Bank
We offer a range of Mobile Banking products designed to make banking easier.
We offer commercial real estate loans for purchase or refinance.
800-554-8969
Connect With Us
©
, Copyright Severn Savings Bank. All Rights Reserved. Severn Bank is a trade name used by Severn Savings Bank FSB.
