Last updated: 25th May 2018
 
 
Who are we?
We are Toluna Group Limited, part of the ITWP Acquisitions Limited worldwide group (“We” “Our” “Us” or “Toluna”). You can see who our group members are by clicking on the link below:
 
What is our Privacy Commitment to you?
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice describes how we collect, use, share and secure personal data you provide on http://www.toluna.com (our “site”) when you become a member of our influencers panel and participate in surveys and/or research studies that we conduct for and on behalf of our clients (“surveys”). It also explains your privacy rights and how laws that are applicable to you may protect you.
 
 
 
 
 
Influencers Panel Members
When you agree to become a member of our influencers panel (“Member”), you are able to participate in our surveys. We will ask you to complete the registration form on our site or via links displayed on our partners’ websites.  As part of your registration, you will provide us with your Identity data and Contact data and we will through your participation in the Surveys obtain certain other data about you, such as; Demographic/Profile data, Technical data, and Pseudonymised data.
We use your Identity data and Contact data for:
 
 
 
Sending you invitations for your participation in surveys - to ask you if you are interested in participating in our upcoming surveys.  We may also make you aware via your online influencers panel membership account of surveys you may be suitable to participate in, based on our knowledge of your personal data
We may from time to time ask you to provide us with Special Categories of personal data about yourself for specific surveys and if required by applicable law, we will ask you for your consent before processing such Special Categories of personal data. 
 
Non-members of our Influencers Panel
 
 
 
 
Public forums and blogs
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your username. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us here .
You should be aware that any personal data you choose to make public on the site, in the Community area (under a public message on your wall, as an opinion, topic, battle, thumb it, or any other public area or forum) can be read, collected, stored and/or used by other users and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We strongly discourage you from disclosing any of your personal data in any public forum or community area that you may find on the site and/or providing your personal data as we cannot guarantee that third parties who may collect and process your personal data from those public forums or community areas will keep them secure. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the personal data you choose to submit or make public. In addition, we are not responsible for the content you publicly post on the site that can be found via web-based search engines. 
Toluna would never ask you to provide your Contact data or Identity data as part of a survey, so please do not transfer such data to a third party as we cannot guarantee the security of such data.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Who do we share your personal data with?
All of the responses we collect from you via our surveys are provided to our clients in aggregate or pseudonymised form. This means that information is provided about groups of individuals and not on an individual level but may include Pseudonymised data.  
Identity data or Contact data about you would only be provided to our clients in specific surveys for the purposes of research and we would never provide such data to our clients unless we have first received your consent and confirmed with them that their use is in accordance with applicable law.
From time to time we may engage third parties to issue you with cheques or processing the delivery of your rewards and they will need to use your Identity data and Contact data for those purposes.  We may also transfer your personal data to third parties for the purposes of those parties providing us or our clients with services such as; data processing or analytics services or to append data they previously collected about you.  Such third parties are not allowed to use your personal data for any other reason and we enter into contracts with those third parties to ensure your personal data is kept secure and erased in accordance with our data retention and destruction policies.
From time to time, Toluna may use third-party software for email list management and email distribution or may use third-party list management providers to match our Members to members of other lists or panels or to validate the accuracy of personal data you provide. 
 
Do we transfer your personal data to other countries?
From time to time your personal data is transferred from a Toluna company that is located in Europe to a country that has not been recognised as providing equivalent protection. Toluna has put in place transfer agreements using the standard model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries as decreed by the European Commission.
Toluna USA Inc., - EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework
Our global back up and hosting service centre is located in the USA.  Toluna USA Inc., (“Toluna USA”) is a member of the ITWP group of companies and all data we use are transferred to Toluna USA for those purposes.  Toluna USA recognises that the EEA (including Switzerland) has established strict protections regarding the handling of personal data from the EEA, including requirements to provide adequate protection for such personal data transferred outside of the EEA. Toluna ensures that it provides adequate protection for certain EEA personal data about individuals (including about you and our corporate clients, suppliers, business partners, job applicants and employees. Toluna USA has therefore elected to self-certify to the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework administered by the US Department of Commerce ("Privacy Shield"). Toluna USA is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf for the purposes of providing back up services to ensure the security of your personal data. Toluna USA adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability. If there is any conflict between the terms of this privacy notice and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.
 
 
Mobile Applications
You may choose to become a Member by using our mobile application (app).  When you download and use our mobile app, we automatically collect system and performance information on the type of device you use, operating system version, device identifier and hardware usage statistics such as CPU, RAM, storage, and app version. We will use the information we collect via our mobile app in accordance with the terms of this Privacy notice and the provisions set out below.
 
Mobile Analytics
 
Geo Location
 
SMS
 
Single Sign-On
You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to become a Member.  Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this site to your profile page to share with others within your network.  
Referral
 
What Cookies do we use on our site?
Our site uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our site and estimates visits and click-throughs for specific campaigns. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site and also allows us to improve our site. These cookies expire when your browsing session ends.  By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
 
 
Other Technologies
Technologies such as cookies, web beacons/web bugs, scripts, and tags are used by Toluna and its clients, partners, affiliates, or analytics and service providers. These technologies are used in analysing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and the Internet, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Our clients may combine your survey responses, demographic information, and web surfing behaviour with those of others to produce “aggregated” reports. They may also create scientific reports based upon modelled information. “Modelled information” is data developed based upon demographic and behavioural characteristics (like your gender, age, and websites visited) to predict what people with similar or matching characteristics would watch or buy. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
 
 
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve analytics, marketing, and site functionality.
Advertising
 
Digital Fingerprinting
In general, digital Fingerprinting technologies assign a unique identifier or "Machine-ID" to a user's computer to identify and track your computer. We will not use digital fingerprinting technology (the “Technology”) to collect your personal data, or track your online activities; and will not disrupt or interfere with the use or control of your computer or alter, modify or change its settings or functionality. Occasionally, in specific market research programs, we will use the Technology to assist our clients in ensuring the integrity of survey results. The Technology will analyse publicly available information and data obtained from your computer's web browser and from other publicly available data points, including the technical settings of your computer, the characteristics of your computer, and its IP Address, to create a unique identifier, which will be assigned to your computer. The unique identifier will be an alpha-numeric ID In order to assist our clients in protecting and ensuring the integrity of survey results, we may; (a) link or associate your unique identifier to you and any of your personal data; (b) share your unique identifier with our clients and with other sample or panel providers; and (c) receive or obtain a unique identifier linked to you from a third party, including without limitation a sample or panel provider or our client, however we will only provide such information to any third parties (including our clients) on an aggregated and anonymised or pseudonymised basis. In addition, any unique identifier(s) received or obtained by us and linked to you will be protected in accordance with this privacy notice and if required by law, we will ask for your consent in advance.
We shall do everything we can to ensure that the Technology is safe, secure and does not cause undue privacy or data security risks and we shall use and distribute the Technology in a professional and ethical manner and in accordance with (a) this privacy notice, (b) any other statements and/or disclosures made by us to you and (c) applicable laws and market research codes of practice.
 
Social Media Widgets
 
How do you access your information; use the member services area and/or update, correct or delete your information?
 
How do you terminate your influencers panel membership?
 
How do you ask a question or make a complaint?
You can direct any questions or complaints about the use or disclosure of your personal data to our Privacy Contact . We will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes regarding the use or disclosure of your personal data within 45 days of receiving your complaint. 
If you are based outside the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website [ https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint ], you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. 
If you are based in the EEA and have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, then please refer to your rights to make a complaint under the section entitled Your legal rights if you are in the EEA .
What is our winner’s policy?
 
What security measures do we undertake to protect your personal data?
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. 
 
How do you opt out from your influencers panel membership?
If you choose to end your membership with Toluna or to require us to cease processing your personal data, you may discontinue your membership by going to “Account” and selecting “Unsubscribe Options” on the bottom left-hand corner, then “ Cancel your account ”. By following the appropriate directions, your record will be marked as "do not contact", and you will no longer receive invites to participate in future Surveys from Toluna. In addition, you will forfeit any incentive balance that has not been requested as of the time you opt out. In most cases it will take 2 to 3 days to process this change, but please allow up to two full weeks for your status to be finalised. In the meantime, you may receive emails from us. As an alternative, you may send an email directly using the Contact us com requesting to be removed. Email links are provided on the site so that you may contact us directly with any questions or concerns you may have. Each email we receive is read and responded to individually; please allow two to three business days for us to get back to you.
What are our data retention and destruction policies?
 
How long will you use my personal data for?
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
If you are a citizen or resident of the EEA, or we are processing your personal data in the EEA, in some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see the section entitled Your legal rights if you are in the EEA below for further information.
 
Business Transfers
 
 
Links
 
Children’s privacy
 
Your legal rights if you are in the EEA
If you have signed up with a Toluna company that is located in Europe or you are a resident or citizen of a country in the EEA, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us. 
You have the right to:
 
 
 
 
 
 
What are the legal bases we rely on when using your personal data?
 
 
 
 
Legitimate interest – means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).
Who is the data controller?
The Toluna company with whom you registered with as a Member is the controller and responsible for your personal data.
 
Changes to the privacy notice and your duty to inform us of changes
This version was last updated on the date at the top of this privacy policy.
The data protection law in the EEA (including the UK) will change on 25th May 2018. Although this privacy notice sets out most of your rights under the new laws, we will respond to some of your requests (for example, a request for the transfer or erasure of your personal data) from 25th May 2018.
If we decide to change our privacy notice, we will post those changes to this privacy statement on the homepage, or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
 
The Data Protection Officer
 
Your Facebook token has expired, you need to reconnect your Toluna account with Facebook or disconnect the two accounts for now.
Facebook Login
It appears that you already have a Toluna account. For security reasons we are asking you to please enter your Toluna password to access the site
Email/Username
Password
Log in to Toluna
Join and start sharing your opinions with the world By signing up you accept our terms of use and privacy policy
Welcome to Toluna!
Here's a quick tour of a few features to help you get the maximum out of our site.
Your picture has been successfully uploaded!
Upload
