Having trouble using this site with a screen reader or any other Accessible technology?
Please contact us by phone inside the U.S. at 800-274-1815.
Please contact us by phone outside the U.S. at 001-860-741-4800.
Please contact us by FAX at 800-274-1010.
This site is optimized for the use of Landmarks and Headings Menus of ARIA-compliant devices.
Due to Hurricane Florence, there may be shipping delays.
Thank you for your patience while we work with
our teams to resolve any service issues.
Due to weather, shipping delays may occur.
Thanks for your patience while we resolve service issues.
@Brooks Brothers
What we're doing and where we're going (and of course what we're wearing)
Ask us a question or share a good sheep pun
$10 off your next purchase of $50 or more. Register Now
$10 off your next purchase of $50 or more. Register Now
Search Catalog
My Brooks Rewards
Join My Brooks Rewards today and earn points with every purchase—you’ll receive a $10 Reward for every 1,000 points for use on a future purchase.
Free Standard Shipping On Orders Of $250 Or More
My Brooks Rewards Members
My Brooks Rewards
Welcome Back! As a preferred member of My Brooks Rewards you'll enjoy free standard shipping on every order.
Welcome Back! As a Preferred member of My Brooks Rewards,
you’ll enjoy free standard shipping on every order.
My Brooks Rewards Members
My Brooks Rewards
Welcome Back! As a VIP member of My Brooks Rewards you'll enjoy free standard shipping on every order.
Welcome Back! As a VIP member of My Brooks Rewards,
you’ll enjoy free standard shipping on every order.
$100 off your purcahse of $300 or more
Now Through May 13. Shop online using code BBSTYLE.
To celebrate this special issue, please enjoy this offer
as a valued email subscriber
$100 Off your purchase when you spend $300 or more.
Now Through May 13
Updated May 2018
We at Brooks Brothers Group, Inc. ("Brooks Brothers", "we", "us" or "our") respect your privacy and take seriously the protection of your personal information.  This privacy policy describes how we collect and use your personal information through our website ( www.brooksbrothers.com ), corresponding mobile apps, and related marketing activities.
Information Collected
We collect customer information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services, contests, and promotions. Brooks Brothers recognizes that it must maintain and use customer information responsibly.
We collect information (such as your name, email address, mailing address, and phone and credit card numbers) that you provide when you place an order, join our mailing list, register with us or participate in a contest, promotion or survey. We also maintain a record of your product interests and your purchases online and in our stores.
To serve you better, the information you supply to us is added to our customer database.  This information is used to communicate with you about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events.  To modify your communication preferences, please contact us via any of the methods listed below .
Please note that telephone numbers are only used to contact you regarding an order placed with us. They are not used for any promotional purpose(s).
We may combine information you give us online and in our stores as well as information about your product interests and purchases. In addition, we may combine information you provide with demographic information that is publicly available. We use this combined information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with us, and to communicate with you by email or postal mail about our products, services, contests and promotions that may be of interest to you.
Usage and Sharing Information
Brooks Brothers may share information with its subsidiaries and other affiliated companies, and with other carefully selected vendors and business partners with whom we work. This includes companies that perform fraud prevention/detection services; assist us in providing our products and services to you; assist in maintaining and managing customer information to provide customer and internet services; take and fulfill orders; conduct Brooks Brothers promotions and surveys; or assist us in more effectively communicating with our customers.  All companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep all information confidential and to use the customer information only to provide the services we ask them to perform for you and us. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third party vendors. We may disclose personal information we collect from you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary (a) to obey the law or comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates; (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or the rights or property of other users of our site; or (c) to act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of users of our site or the public.
Brooks Brothers does not sell or rent the personal information you provide to us to any third party to whom you do not wish us to do so. Upon your request, we will not share your personal information with any unaffiliated third party.  We may make our mailing list available to carefully screened companies whose products and services might interest you.  If you do not wish to receive such mailings, or for us to share your information with any third parties as described above, please contact us via email, phone, fax or mail by following the contact instructions below .  Include your name and address as it was supplied to us, and indicate "Do Not Share".
Additionally we may disclose your personal information to the buyer as a result of the sale of stock or substantially all of the assets of Brooks Brothers, whether by merger, acquisition, or similar or related transactions or in the event of a liquidation of the assets of the company.
We will add you to our mailing list when you supply us with your address. If you do not wish to receive our catalog, please contact us via email, phone, fax or mail by following the contact instructions below . Include your name and address as it was supplied to us, and indicate "Do Not Mail".
If you have chosen not to receive email or postal mailings from Brooks Brothers prior to your participation in a contest, sweepstakes, promotion or survey, you may still receive information from Brooks Brothers in connection with such activity if you register for or participate in it. You may also choose not to participate in contests, sweepstakes, promotions or surveys if you do not wish to receive information about Brooks Brothers or share your information with Brooks Brothers and the other companies sponsoring such activities at any time by contacting us via email, phone, fax or mail by following the contact instructions below . Include your name and address as it was supplied to us, and indicate "Do Not Participate".
If you reach BrooksBrothers.com from a link on another website or search engine, information about your visit to BrooksBrothers.com may be collected by the provider of the referring website. You are encouraged to review the Privacy & Security Statement of these other websites (or search engines). You can avoid this by entering BrooksBrothers.com directly into the address field of your browser.
Updating or Changing Information
If at any time you want to update or change your information, simply sign on to brooksbrothers.com as usual, and click on MEMBER REGISTRATION on the navigation bar. Once logged in, you will see OPTIONS where you will be able to change any personal information.
If at any time you would like us to update your personal information or remove you from our email or postal mailing lists, feel free to contact us via email, phone, fax or mail by following the contact instructions below . Please be sure to include your email address, full name and password.
Data Security
We use relevant and appropriate security measures and safeguards to protect your personal information from the risk of unauthorized or unlawful data access, processing, loss, disclosure or alteration.  Please understand that we cannot completely eliminate all security risks associated with the storage and processing of personal data.
Your California Privacy Rights
Beginning January 1, 2005, under California law, if you are a resident of California, you may make a written request to Brooks Brothers about how we have shared your personal customer information with select third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In response to your written request, Brooks Brothers will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. Please submit a written request to the following address: Customer Service Manager, 100 Phoenix Avenue, Enfield, CT 06082. Please allow thirty (30) days for a response.
Cookies
We use "cookies" to enhance your experience with our site. Cookies are text files we place in your computer’s browser to store your preferences. We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our web pages (e.g. to recognize you by name when you return to our site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our sites. We also may use cookies to offer you products, programs, or services. If you wish to stop or restrict the use of cookies, please refer to and adjust your web browser settings.  Please understand that doing so may result in you being unable to access certain areas or features of our website.
Children’s Privacy
Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, we never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a subscriber is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable registration information from our files. Please note: we may nevertheless maintain a record of that person’s name and address in a "do not register" file to avoid subsequent registration by a child under the age of 13.
Changes to this Statement
Brooks Brothers may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we make changes, we will post them here. You may wish to check this section from time to time, because by visiting our website you agree to accept any such changes to these policies. Except as otherwise mentioned herein, the Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website, corresponding mobile apps, and related marketing activities.
User Consent
By providing any personal information to Brooks Brothers, all users, including, without limitation, users in all foreign countries, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of such personal information across international borders in accordance with Brooks Brothers’ standard operations, including the collection, storage, and processing of such information in the United States of America.
Contact Us
If for any reason you’re not quite comfortable shopping online, have questions about our policies, would prefer to make your purchase via telephone, would like to opt-out of any future communications with us, or would like to withdraw your consent for us to use your personal information, please contact using any of the following methods of communication:
By telephone:
By Email:
Questions About Your Order? Give us a call at: 800-274-1815.
Questions about your order? Give us a call at: 800.274.1815
Website Links
Enter Email Address
Brooks Brothers Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, Sitemap, and Copyright
SHIP TO:
