At Namecheap, our customers are the reason why we’re here.
That’s why we’re happy to announce a new privacy policy to protect our customers. While we already put the most stringent procedures in place to safeguard our data and privacy considerations, we wanted to let you know exactly how your data is being used at Namecheap.
Namecheap Values Your Privacy
At Namecheap, we strongly believe in privacy, security, freedom and the equal treatment for all Internet users.  And we believe that your information should be protected regardless of what is legally required.
Over the years we’ve taken a strong public stance on issues affecting privacy and personal freedom, including supporting Net Neutrality, helping raise funds for Electronic Frontier Foundation, opposing SOPA/PIPA , as well as other causes. We’ve also highlighted many different ways you can protect your privacy on our blog.
Now, with the new European law known as the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) on the horizon, we have an opportunity to demonstrate how we protect our customers’ privacy.
What is GDPR?
GDPR is the European Union’s new data privacy law that requires companies to provide the most rigorous protections for their customers’ privacy, and be more transparent about the data they collect.
Under GDPR, all companies who do business in Europe (or have customers or clients living within the EU) must comply with the new regulations. The law was formally adopted by the EU in 2016, and becomes enforceable on May 25, 2018.
What Does GDPR Mean For You?
As you may have noticed, many companies have been sending emails informing you about their revised privacy policies and data collection activities, and will be updating the privacy policies on their websites to reflect the new law.
At Namecheap, we embrace GDPR, as it embodies the ideals that we have championed for a long time.
In order to be more transparent about our own practices, Namecheap has updated our privacy policy to provide a much greater level of detail about the data we collect and how we use it. This way our customers can be better informed.
More specifically, what this means to you is:
You will have more control over your data and how we contact you;
We’ll ensure that you get only the emails you want from us;
You can still receive renewal reminders and special offers which could help you save.
To take advantage of these changes, be sure to update your email preferences .
However, it’s worth noting that at Namecheap, nothing has changed about your current settings or how your information is processed. We’ve simply improved the way we describe our practices with the options you have to update, manage and delete your data.
If you’d like to discuss the new privacy policy or have any other questions, feel free to contact our support team who are here for you 24/7.
Post navigation
We’ll send you news and offers twice a month.
Join
