PRIVACY POLICY 
This Privacy Policy covers the information provided to us when you visit our Website and obtain or seek to obtain Renovate America’s services. The policy also applies to information we collect in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and our Website. Renovate America services are intended for U.S. residents 18 years of age and above. Please be aware that other websites that you may access through our Website may collect personally identifiable information about you. Our Privacy Policy does not cover those third party websites, and we encourage you to read their privacy policies prior to providing them with your personal information. 
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using our Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see Will This Privacy Policy Change?). Your continued use of our Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates. 
HOW DOES RENOVATE AMERICA COLLECT AND USE YOUR INFORMATION? 
Renovate America may collect and use your personal information: 
For our everyday business purposes, such as to: 
Respond to your requests for financing; 
Provide your information to third parties that you have authorized; 
Request for and verify your contractor license information from and with the Contractors State License Board (CSLB); 
Facilitate and complete the HERO Program assessment process;
Facilitate and complete the BENJI financing process; 
Respond to your requests to access Renovate America resources;
Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
For our affiliates to market their products and services to you;
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes, such as information about your transactions, experiences and creditworthiness;
For our marketing purposes to present our Website and its contents to you or to provide you with information about products or services that may be of value to you;
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it;
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; and/or
For any other purpose with your consent. 
Certain information Renovate America collects about you may be publicly available via government records, telephone books, and other widely available media (i.e. the Internet). 
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE 
Renovate America collects several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information: 
By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, social security number or ANY OTHER INFORMATION OUR WEBSITE COLLECTS THAT IS DEFINED AS PERSONAL OR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION UNDER AN APPLICABLE LAW ("personal information"); and/or 
About your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details. 
Renovate America collects the personal information you provide when: 
You use our planning tools; 
You apply for financing; 
You participate in a promotion or online survey; 
You contact Renovate America representatives with a question or suggestion; 
You navigate through the Website and such information is collected automatically. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies; and/or 
Third parties provide such information to us, for example, our business partners or contractors. 
OPTIONAL INFORMATION 
When accessing our Website, we may give you the option of submitting general information, for purposes related to providing you with new energy or water efficiency, renewable energy products or financial services that may be of value to you. Certain information must be provided at the time you submit your request for a financial service or product. 
INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OTHER SOURCES 
Renovate America may also collect information about you from the following sources: 
Consumer reporting agencies: We may receive information regarding your credit history and other public information from consumer reporting agencies. We may use this information to process and approve your financing application, to verify your identity, and to offer you products that may be of interest to you. 
Outside sources: We may request and/or receive information regarding you, your property, or your proposed or installed Eligible Products or other products, from others who may or may not have relationships with you, in order to process and approve your financing application. Renovate America uses this information to verify eligibility for the financing or to verify representations you make in your application or funding request. 
PLANNING TOOLS 
When you use our planning tools we collect information including email address, financing you may be considering, interest rate, and financing terms. We use this information to provide you email communications that you may have requested. 
CONTACTING RENOVATE AMERICA 
When you contact Renovate America with a question or suggestion we collect your name, email address, and telephone number. We only use personal information we collect for the abovementioned reasons (see How Does Renovate America Collect and Use Your Information?).
MONITORING AND RECORDING TELEPHONE CALLS 
Renovate America may monitor and/or record telephone calls for security and customer service purposes. Please be aware that by calling Renovate America you consent to having your phone call monitored and/or recorded. 
TECHNICAL INFORMATION 
Gather technical information from your Web browser (IP address, operating systems); 
Set persistent cookies on your computer; and 
Use "action tags" or invisible tracking "gifs" on our systems (to collect information about your navigation throughout our Website and/or third party websites and mobile applications). 
We use this information for routine website maintenance, to establish that you are a unique user, to assist you in the financing process, and/or for purposes of assessing the effectiveness of our website, products and services. If you choose to disable cookies, you will still be able to access most of our Website. However, as a security precaution, in order to apply for financing, you may be required to enable cookies on your Internet browser. You may also use cookies to remember your log-in username, if you elect this option. If you do not elect this option, you will be required to re-enter your username and password each time you access your account. These cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. 
We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). We may share this anonymized information with outside companies to assist them with assessing the effectiveness of their website content. Renovate America and the third parties who assist in operating the online services do not respond differently or limit their practices under the terms of this Privacy Policy when you access those online services with a browser that uses a do not track signal or similar mechanism. 
WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION 
By using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology supporting up to 128-bit encryption to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing any personal information transmitted to or from our Website; 
By limiting access to your personal information to only those authorized parties that have a "need to know" or that you have authorized; and 
As otherwise provided in this policy below. 
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISEMENT 
Renovate America does NOT allow third party advertisers to track your browsing activities on our Website for their own purposes. Renovate America may share your email or other contact information with third party advertising and social media companies to provide you with information regarding Renovate America products and services which may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt out and not have your information shared with such companies, please contact us by email at info@renovateamerica.com, or call (877) 747-4889. 
DOES RENOVATE AMERICA SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES? 
Renovate America may share your personal information: 
With companies involved in the financing process. Examples: Property valuation companies and credit reporting agencies are a necessary part of Renovate America’s HERO Program financing approval process. Therefore, we must provide some of your information to these companies in order to process your request for financing. Additionally, because the HERO Program does not service contractual assessments that secure repayment of HERO Program financing provided to you (a “Program Assessment”), we will provide your information to a company who provides such services. In addition, Renovate America may sell bonds secured by your HERO Program financing and we will need to provide your information to service providers involved in this activity. 
With companies that perform services on our behalf. Examples: We sometimes use service providers to assist us with specific processes or functions such as identity verification, distributing emails, or processing automatic assessment payments that you may have requested as part of your financing. Some of these processes may be performed by a service provider located overseas. 
With companies that install eligible products. Examples: We may share your contact information and publicly available information with companies that are registered with Renovate America and offer services and/or products that are eligible for financing provided by Renovate America. If you wish to opt out and not have your information shared with such companies, please contact us by email at info@renovateamerica.com, or call (877) 747-4889. 
With government entities as authorized by law. Examples: We may share your information with municipalities, counties, joint power authorities and the state for the purposes of reviewing matters related to HERO Program. 
With parties authorized by you. Examples: We may share your information with third party service providers of Renovate America that you have authorized in order to provide you with products or services that you requested and that may be of value to you. If you wish to opt out and withhold your information from third party providers that you have previously authorized, please contact us by email at info@renovateamerica.com, or call (877) 747-4889. 
As required by law. Examples: We may need to share your information with law enforcement or government agencies in response to a subpoena, state/federal audit or other similar circumstances. Additionally, the law requires that all HERO Program financing agreements be recorded with the local county recorder's office. 
CAN YOU ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION? 
At present, you can access your information by contacting Renovate America by phone. 
FINANCING APPLICATIONS 
You may view your disclosures, including your application. If you request paper copies of your disclosures when you submit your application, we will send you a paper copy in addition to providing your disclosures electronically. 
HOW DOES RENOVATE AMERICA SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? 
Renovate America uses a variety of security safeguards to protect your information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. For example, you will only be able to access information in your Renovate America account by submitting the username and password you created during registration. We provide access to your personal information to Renovate America employees on a "need to know" basis. We also use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology supporting up to 128-bit encryption to prevent unauthorized parties from viewing any personal information transmitted to or from Renovate America during your session. 
HOW LONG WILL YOUR INFORMATION BE STORED? 
We maintain electronic and hard copy financing application information for funded/closed/withdrawn financing for a period of 7 years in accordance with federal and state laws. 
WHO CAN YOU CONTACT FOR PRIVACY RELATED ISSUES? 
To ask questions or comment about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, contact us at: Renovate America Attn: Privacy Department 15073 Avenue of Science San Diego, CA 92128, or email info@renovateamerica.com 
WILL THIS PRIVACY POLICY CHANGE? 
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on our Website. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you by e-mail to the primary e-mail address specified in your account and/or through a notice on our Website home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes. 
✖
Looking for something else? Visit our FAQs . If you need to
