Cookie Settings
Your Privacy »
Necessary Cookies »
Traffic & Performance »
Marketing & Advertising »
Privacy Policy »
Your Privacy
When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer.
Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.
Traffic & Performance
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Marketing & Advertising
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Also, by disabling these cookies you will also disable banner ads served by Google Adsense on this website..
Privacy Policy
For more information about these items, view our complete privacy policy.
All player, team, and league information found on spotrac.com is for informational purposes only and is not guaranteed for accuracy by spotrac.com. We do our very best to keep our site properly updated. If you should find information within the site that you do not feel is accurate please email the update at  info@spotrac.com . 
 
Not Affiliated with MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL
spotrac.com is not directly or indirectly affiliated, associated or connected in any way to Major League Baseball, the National Basketball Association, the National Football League or the National Hockey League.
Use of MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL Logos & Trademarks
spotrac.com uses member teams' logos ONLY for educational and news reporting purposes such as displaying the team logos on the splash pages of their respective sport to allow our users a more graphical navigation flow. These logos and other trademarks held by the MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL respectively,  and its members teams are not used in any way for commercial or financial purposes. 
What Information We Collect
We collect information regarding your visit to this site (such as which pages you’ve visited, how often you’ve visited and comments you’ve provided) and the information you supply when subscribing to any portion of this site (such as your name and e-mail address) will be held and securely stored by spotrac.com.
How We Will Use Your Information
Your information will help us to improve our site and design features that are important to you, our customers.We will also use your information to tell you about any of our new features, products or services that we think might interest you. If you do not wish us to use your information as set out in this paragraph you should email us at  info@spotrac.com .
By supplying us with your information, you have confirmed that you do not consider use of your information in accordance with this privacy policy to be a breach of any rights under all applicable laws, online privacy policies and regulations.
How We Will Keep Your Information Secure
Safely capturing and storing your information is very important to us. We will use all reasonable measures to safeguard your data but please note: we cannot guarantee that any and all data transmissions over the Internet are completely secure.
Google Vendor Properties
spotrac.com uses Google, as a third party vendor, for serving ads and collecting analytics specific to our users. Targeted advertisements. Targeted ads or interest-based offers may be presented to you based on your activities on our webpages, and other websites, and based on the products you currently own. These offers will display as varying product banners presented to you while browsing. We also partner with third parties to manage our advertising on our webpages and other websites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about such activities in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, and to measure advertising effectiveness.
Third-party websites. Our website contains links to third-party websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of third-party sites. Please read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
About Spotrac
Browse our online application for MLB, NBA, NFL, NHL, EPL, or MLS player contracts, salaries, transactions, and more.
© Spotrac 2018. All rights reserved.
