LOGIX Communications, L.P. dba LOGIX Fiber Networks (“LOGIX”) is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers. To accomplish this, we carefully ensure the confidentiality of each customer’s account information. And we recognize that, as the provider of telecommunications services, we must also ensure the privacy of each customer’s telephone calling information.
All LOGIX employees are required to comply with legal requirements and company policies relating to the privacy of communications and the security and privacy of customer records.
To provide customers with their own accurate, detailed billing information, LOGIX maintains detailed records. We will not sell this Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) in any form, including billing records, calling habits or type of service, to unaffiliated third parties.
Section 1: Information Collected and How It Is Used
Information We Collect Through Our Websites
Non-Personally Identifiable Information Over Our Websites
To improve the quality and usefulness of the LOGIX Sites, LOGIX may collect some non-personally identifiable information from Visitors, such as the IP address of the Visitor’s computer, the type of web browser used by the Visitor, the number and frequency of Visitors, LOGIX Sites and pages visited within our Sites, and other information that does not specifically identify the Visitor but may be used to identify the business entity to which a Visitor’s IP address is assigned.
Personally Identifiable Information We Collect Over Our Websites
The LOGIX Sites also allow Visitors to submit personally identifiable information in connection with certain activities or transactions, such as making a purchase or paying for services, requesting product or service information, sending an e-mail to a LOGIX Site, and other activities or transactions in which a Visitor voluntarily submits personal information to LOGIX.
On those LOGIX Sites where Visitors voluntarily submit questions, comments, feedback, suggestions, ideas or the like, LOGIX treats Visitors’ submissions as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and any information becomes the property of LOGIX and can be used by LOGIX for any purpose without the expectation of any compensation. LOGIX assumes no obligation to protect such information from disclosure.
Information We Collect From Our Customers
In the course of providing services to Customers, LOGIX will collect certain information necessary to respond to inquiries, establish and deliver services to Customers. Customers may be asked to provide information about their technology as well as information about Customer personnel needed to create an account, including the name, address, phone number and e-mail address of account administrator(s). For account security, verification or tax purposes, LOGIX may also request federal tax ID information, purchase order number, and information about the individual(s) responsible for business account administration. Additionally, in the course of providing telephony services, LOGIX obtains information such as class or type of service, technical characteristics, billing records, location of service and other information. This type of information as known as Customer Proprietary Network Information (“CPNI”) (CPNI does not include your name, address and telephone number, which instead are considered “subscriber list information” not subject to CPNI regulations. For more specific information about CPNI, see below.)
We will use this information to maintain contact with customers regarding service and account related matters. We may also use this information to seek feedback from Customers, for marketing and promotional purposes, for statistical analysis and for product development. Personal information, however, will not be sold to or shared with third parties, unless specifically stated otherwise or in special circumstances.
Use of Personally Identifiable Information
Information From Visitors
Whenever personally identifiable information is provided on a LOGIX Site, it will be used for the specific purpose or to respond to the specific request for which it was given. LOGIX may also use such information to inform you about additional services and products offered by the LOGIX Companies and LOGIX authorized agents, as well as related services offered by third parties with whom LOGIX has relationships whose products and other offerings might be of interest. LOGIX will not, however, sell or trade a Visitor’s personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties without authorization or to comply with applicable law.
Information From or About Customers, including CPNI
LOGIX uses the information it collects from Customers to process orders and to provide and bill for services. LOGIX may also share information with outside service providers, such as third party suppliers and service providers, when necessary to complete an order or provide services. LOGIX may use personally identifiable information and/or CPNI to inform Customers about additional services and products offered by the LOGIX Companies and LOGIX authorized agents, as well as communications-related services offered by third parties with whom LOGIX has relationships and whose offerings might be of interest to Customers. LOGIX will not, however, sell or trade a Customer’s personally identifiable information or CPNI unless we are authorized by the Customer or do so in compliance with applicable law. With regard to marketing non-Communications services to Customer, Customer approval is required and LOGIX is required to comply with any denial of approval by Customer. With regard to marketing Communications services, approval following this CPNI Notice will be presumed unless Customer “opt-out.”
You may request that LOGIX refrain from using CPNI for marketing purposes. LOGIX asks that such “opt-out” requests be made in writing to LOGIX’s Vice President of Service; however, requests may also be made by calling LOGIX Customer Care at 1-800-444-0258. A decision to “opt-out” will not affect the provision of any services to which the Customer subscribes. However, a decision to “opt-out” may limit LOGIX’s ability to offer products and services tailored to the Customer’s needs. Customer’s approval, or denial of approval, will remain in place until the Customer affirmatively revokes or limits such approval or denial.
Please be aware that restricting use of CPNI for marketing communications from LOGIX will not eliminate all LOGIX marketing or other contacts about the Services provided to you. For example, LOGIX and its agents may use your information to initiate, render, bill and collect for services, or contact you about service or billing related matters. LOGIX may provide information to credit bureaus and/or sell receivables to collection agencies to obtain payment for LOGIX products and services to use the information to protect our rights and property and the rights of others, including to prevent fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of or subscription to our services.
Exceptions and Limitations on Use and Sharing of Personal Information
There are times when, in order to comply with applicable laws, regulations, court or administrative orders, subpoenas or other matters, LOGIX must disclose information, including personally identifiable information and CPNI. LOGIX cooperates fully with state, local, and federal officials in any investigation relating to any content (including personal or private electronic communications transmitted to LOGIX) or purported unlawful activities of any user of any LOGIX Site or LOGIX service, and takes reasonable measures to protect the proprietary rights of LOGIX. If necessary to comply with law or cooperate with law enforcement activity, LOGIX may disclose personally identifiable information or CPNI of Visitors and/or Customers. LOGIX reserves the right to, and will, share information when it believes, in its sole discretion, it is necessary to prevent unlawful use of communications services, when necessary to repair or restore network outages, in emergency situations (e.g. 911 calls; matters of public safety, etc.) or to protect the security or integrity of the LOGIX Sites or the LOGIX Companies. In addition, LOGIX may monitor and/or disclose communications of any kind over its networks (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request (e.g. response to private or law enforcement-issued subpoena); (ii) if such monitoring and/or disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate LOGIX (e.g. recording of Customer Care calls); or (iii) to protect the rights or property of LOGIX or others (e.g. to prevent fraud, infringement of rights, etc.). Additionally, in connection with the potential sale or transfer of any of its interest in any LOGIX Company or LOGIX Site, LOGIX reserves the right to sell or transfer Visitor or Customer information to a third party that (i) concentrates its business in communication products or services; (ii) agrees to be LOGIX’s successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of information collected and maintained by LOGIX; and (iii) agrees to the material obligations of this Privacy Notice. Additionally, we may or may not recognize the do-no-track headers from some or all browsers.
Directory Information and Caller ID
Customers that subscribe to LOGIX local telephone service are given the opportunity to request that their name, number and address be or not be published in directories, be made available through directory assistance or appear in phone books. Such requests may require payment of additional fees. Please contact your local LOGIX service representative for more information. A telephone service Customer’s name and number may, where available, be transmitted and displayed on a Caller ID device unless the Customer, subject to compliance with Caller ID rules, has elected to block such information. Please note that Caller ID blocking does not prevent the display of a caller’s number when dialing certain business numbers, 911, 900 numbers, or toll-free 800, 888, or 877 numbers.
Cookies
LOGIX Sites use technologies known as “cookies,” which are small files your web browser stores on your computer that allow websites to improve your experience by recognizing you when you return to a website. LOGIX may use cookies, web log files and analytics web beacons, pixel tags, data-tagging tools, or other technologies to collect information about Visitor traffic patterns and preferences, improve Visitor experiences, diagnose problems, and to administer and improve our Sites. We may also use these technologies to provide you with tailored information about LOGIX services and help make our sites more responsive by helping to personalize each Visitor’s experience. We do not link cookies to any personally identifiable information not already provided to LOGIX by you. Most web browsers can be set to reject cookies, so if you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, you should set your browser to refuse them with the understanding that certain features of our website may not function as intended. We do not control the use of third party cookies or third party web beacons and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them. Additionally, we may or may not recognize the do-no-track headers from some or all browsers.
Third Party Sites
If you link to a third party site from an LOGIX Site, any information you provide to that site and any use of that information by the third party site are not under the control of LOGIX and are not subject to this Policy. This includes websites that LOGIX links to, or hosts for Customers as part of LOGIX services. You should consult the privacy policies of each site you visit.
Non-US Website Visitors and Customers
LOGIX is based in and operates from the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that, by visiting our website or using our services either as a retail or corporate customer, you consent to the transfer of your personal information to LOGIX in the United States. Moreover, the transfer of your personal information to LOGIX in the United States is either necessary to the performance of our contracts with our customers or to respond to an inquiry you may make. The United States and other countries where we operate may not have protections for personal information equivalent to those in your home country.
Data Minimization
When collecting information from Visitors and Customers, LOGIX takes reasonable steps to collect the minimum amount of personal information necessary to accomplish the specific purpose for which it is collected. LOGIX also makes a reasonable effort to delete information when there is no longer a legitimate business purpose for retaining it.
Security
Information Provided to Us
LOGIX uses reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect the personally identifiable information it collects about Visitors and customers. When LOGIX collects bank account information, it is used solely to bill Customers for the products and services they receive. LOGIX does not share this information except as may be necessary to process Customer transactions. On those LOGIX Sites where you may provide LOGIX with bank account or other financial information via the web, LOGIX employs customary security and encryption protocols to help secure transmission of that information. If your browser does not support use of such secure connections, or if you prefer not to send your bank account information over the Internet, please call LOGIX Customer Care at 1-800-444-0258. However, as effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. LOGIX cannot guarantee the security of its systems or databases, nor can LOGIX guarantee that information supplied by you will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. LOGIX is not responsible for the unlawful or unauthorized actions of third parties.
Content Posted or Transmitted Using LOGIX Services
As to the privacy and security of any content that Customers may transmit or store using LOGIX Services, LOGIX has an obligation to and takes commercially reasonable steps to protect its proprietary network and service delivery elements from unauthorized access. LOGIX does not routinely monitor Customer content transmitted, stored or otherwise utilized by Customers in connection with any LOGIX Services. In keeping with its obligations under applicable law and regulation, LOGIX employs commercially reasonable technical, physical and administrative safeguards aimed at protecting its proprietary network and communications backbone and other service delivery elements owned or controlled by LOGIX to ensure that a standard set of security procedures are in place for its network elements. However, no security measures are foolproof, and the security or confidentiality of your information or Content cannot be guaranteed. Customers are therefore responsible for the security, protection and backup of their data, the choice and use of any encryption or other security measures to protect from unauthorized access, loss or destruction, and compliance with any Customer privacy notice in connection with Customer and its End User’s collection, processing and storage of information or data through the Services. Customers are also responsible for protecting the confidentiality and security of user identification and passwords.
Protecting the Privacy of Children
LOGIX Sites are designed to provide commercial business information and allow service ordering and management by adults. LOGIX Sites are not designed to attract minors. LOGIX does not market to or knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 18.
Section 2: Changes to and Questions About this Policy
Because of changes in technology and the growth and development of our business, or for other business reasons and as required to keep pace with law and regulation, LOGIX reserves the right to make changes to this policy at any time.
Should you have any questions about this Policy or your information held by LOGIX, please send your inquiry to [email protected] We will try to address any questions you may have.
Privacy Policy last updated 03/01/14
