I AGREE
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. By agreeing, you consent to our use of cookies. Learn more
Eyeglasses
exclusively from Eyebuydirect.
contact Information
Privacy Policy
EyeBuyDirect takes the security and privacy of your personal information very seriously. We do not trade, sell, or rent your personally identifiable information. We are strongly committed to protecting your personal information. The policies below are applicable to the EyeBuyDirect.com website ("Website") produced and maintained by EyeBuyDirect, Inc. (collectively "EyeBuyDirect", "we", "us", or "our"). We have established this security and privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to make known the kinds of personal information we may gather during your visit to our Website, why we gather your information, what we do with your personal information, and how you may manage your personal information.
We use your identification data to facilitate delivery of goods you have purchased from us, update you on the progress of your order, send reminders for replenishment, process automatic re-orders, handle returns and service your account and to contact you in case of a product recall. Such a process is based upon the agreement we enter into.
We use your financial data to process payments and refunds and to store information as required to fulfil our tax and other regulatory obligations.
We use your IT data to improve your experience on our website, identify and report on bugs and issues, assess the impact of changes we make on customer behavior, analyze and improve the performance of the website. Such a process is operated for our legitimate interest.
If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy contact us by email at eyecare@eyebuydirect.com .
What Information About Me is Collected and Stored?
EyeBuyDirect adheres to the highest standards of ethical practices in all our operations. We are dedicated to protecting the privacy of all our Website visitors. Our Privacy Policy is simple: except as disclosed below. We do not sell, barter, give away, or rent your personal information to any company outside of EyeBuyDirect. We ask for only the information we need. The information we collect and store depends entirely on how you make use of our website.
Personal Information
We collect and store some of your information entered on this Website or through our Customer Service Department. For example, when you open an account or place an order, we store the following information: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, and telephone number. We use this information to provide products and services that you have ordered, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations, and to provide customer service. Registration may be required and personal information may also be collected in certain portions of the Website in which you specifically and knowingly provide such information, e.g. community postings (i.e., chat or bulletin boards), suggestions, or customer service requests. The data retention period is 10 years following the date of when the last order was placed. Eyebuydirect is part of Essilor group. By accepting these terms and conditions, you (i) allow us to share your Data strictly with companies within the Essilor group and (ii) give your express, specific and informed consent to receive emails of promotional materials concerning optical products and glasses from these companies. Each emails sent to you by Eyebuydirect and / or other companies within our group will include an 'unsubscribe' link.
Anonymous Information
Through your use of the Website, we may also gather certain information that does not identify you individually ("Anonymous Information"). Generally, this information is collected through "traffic data." We automatically collect and store information when you interact with this Website. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit this Website. We collect customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve this Website and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience.
Use of Cookies and Spyware
We never use or install spyware on your devices, nor do we use spyware to retrieve information from your devices.
We use "cookies," which are files stored on your devices' hard drive by your browser. Cookies help us identify account holders and to optimize shopping experience by allowing us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user exits this Website. We recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we may offer a better shopping experience. You may occasionally get cookies from companies advertising on our behalf. These cookies are not covered in our policy statement nor do we have control over these cookies.
We also may collect and store information we receive from other sources. This information enables us to update information contained in our database, to provide product recommendations and special offers and, send you email reminders about shopping opportunities (if you have signed up for our email list.)
Newsletters
We collect email addresses of all users who subscribe to our weekly newsletter. Except to our third party agents (as described below), this information is not shared for any purposes. Anyone who no longer wishes to receive this newsletter can, at any time, follow the "Unsubscribe" instructions located within each newsletter.
Is Information Collected from Children?
We do not sell or ship any items ordered through this Website directly to anyone under the age of 16, nor do we collect any personal information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under the age of 16, you should use this Website only with the supervision of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information. Our Website is not targeted to children under the age of 16. Children under the age of 16 should not use our Website without parental consent.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Except as disclosed in this Security and Privacy Policy, we do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to our Website or your personal information to any companies unaffiliated with us. If we request to use your personal information, you will be given an opportunity to accept or decline.
Customer Service and Feedback
We may use your personal information to fulfill orders, provide customer service, track compliance with the Website's rules and regulations, or for feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when you provide the information). In the event we plan to publicly post any of your personal information on a Website (as, for instance, a letter), you are provided prior notification and given the option of accepting or declining.
Use of Anonymous Information
We use Anonymous Information to determine how people use parts of the Website. We also use Anonymous Information to provide statistical "ratings" information. We may also use or share Anonymous Information or other information, (other than personal information) in any other manner that we deem appropriate.
Third-party Agents
We use third-party agents, such as Google, to show our advertisements on sites on the internet and to use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to our website. To perform their functions, these agents have access to personal information. You may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google Advertising Opt-Out Page . More information on opting out of the use of cookies is available here, on the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out Page . We may have data of your interactions with our ads across the Google Display Network or DoubleClick for Advertisers in conjunction with activity on our website. These third-party agents are contractually obligated to maintain confidentiality and security of personal information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the Website.
Transactional Partners
We occasionally share non-personal information with our partners such as the number of users who visited this Website during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this Website.
Emergency Situations
We may also use or disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in good-faith that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with legal process served on us or the Website; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the Website or our users, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, or the users of the Website or the public.
What Steps Are Taken to Keep Personal Information Secure?
Security for all personal information is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Personal information collected by our Website is stored in secure operating environments unavailable to the public. In the case of all online purchases, personal information is encrypted before you conduct your transaction. Only employees have signed confidentiality agreements and need access to your personal information are allowed access. Any employee who violates our privacy policies is subject to disciplinary action, including possible termination and prosecution.
To protect the security of your information during transmission, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software. Most browsers will give a visual indication of when your connection is secure. If you place an order through this Website, you must set up an account with an email address and password. You must provide an appropriate email address and password in order to access account information. If you wish to cancel your password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of your password, please contact this Website's Customer Service at eyecare@eyebuydirect.com .
While we try our best to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
What Happens When I Link to or from Another Website?
This Website may contain links to other websites operated by EyeBuyDirect, affiliates of EyeBuyDirect or third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy for EyeBuyDirect.com do not apply to information gathered through these other websites. These other sites may also send their own cookies or solicit your personal information. We are not responsible for the actions and privacy policies of third parties and other websites.
What About Contests and Sweepstakes?
Contests or sweepstakes relating to this Website will be accompanied by a set of rules. Rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how your information will be used and disclosed, if different than this Privacy Policy. Personal information will be collected only if you submit voluntarily.
Public Areas, Chat Rooms and Newsgroups
Information shared in public areas, such as message boards or feedback sections, becomes public. Therefore this Privacy Policy does not apply.
Governing Law/Assignment
The EyeBuyDirect.com website is published in the United States. U.S. law shall govern in any and all disputes, including privacy or defamation issues or otherwise.
We may change ownership or corporate organization while providing services. We may transfer your information to another company that is affiliated with us or with which we have merged. Under such circumstances EyeBuyDirect would to the extent possible require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this privacy policy.
Changes to this Policy
We are committed to remain a premier Website on the Internet. As our Website continues to develop, we may add new services and features to our Website. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this document will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes prominently so that you know how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We do, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our website.
Opt-Out and Correction Procedures
You may opt-out of receiving future emails. There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from EyeBuyDirect.com. When you set up an account, or click on "Manage Your Account" within the Help Desk area, or place an order, you will have an opportunity to make your selections in this regard. You also will have an opportunity to change these selections by following the "unsubscribe" or "preference center" instructions contained in the promotional emails. You may also correct or update personal information. To do so, you can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on "Manage Your Account" within the Help Desk area of this Website.
Who Do I Talk to if I Have More Questions?
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the EyeBuyDirect.com customer service center at eyecare@eyebuydirect.com .
Google Analytics
EyeBuyDirect uses Google Analytics to help Analyse how our users use the site. Google Analytics is a free tool that uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' us of the Website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for EyeBuyDirect.
You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
TERMS & CONDITIONS
CALIFORNIA PROPOSITION 65 WARNING
Polycarbonate lenses and frame components can expose you to chemicals including bisphenol A (BPA) and methimazole (for 1.74 lenses), which are known to the State of California to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. Frame components can also expose you to nickel, which is known to the State of California to cause cancer. For more information go to: www.P65Warnings.ca.gov .
Sign up for exclusive offers
Submit
WELCOME DISCOUNT                                                + Free Shipping
*Limited time offer. New subscribers only.                                                     Free USPS shipping only.
Thank you for subscribing!
For 15% off your entire order plus free shipping.
*This coupon is valid for orders above $15.                                             *USPS shipping only.
Click to Get Your Welcome Offer
