AACC, the producer of Lab Tests Online, has made every effort to provide a web site that observes best practices in developing a health information resource on the Internet, and, in particular, one that respects the privacy of its users, as reflected in the Code of Conduct, Terms of Use , Privacy, Editorial and Advertising policies.
To view AACC's full privacy policy, please click here .  Should you have any questions about these policies or the use of the logo or content, please contact us .
Accordion Title
The HON Code of Conduct lists the following principles:
1. Authority: Any medical or health advice provided and hosted on this site will only be given by medically trained and qualified professionals unless a clear statement is made that a piece of advice offered is from a non-medically qualified individual or organisation.
Lab Tests Online: All medically-related information on the site has been culled from qualified resources. Sources used are listed at the end of each article. All test, condition, feature, screening, and news articles are reviewed and approved by the Editorial Review Board , which is comprised of highly qualified laboratory and medical professionals.
2. Complementarity: The information provided on this site is designed to support, not replace, the relationship that exists between a patient/site visitor and his/her existing physician.
Lab Tests Online: AACC's  primary objective is education of the public about laboratory testing in order to facilitate improved doctor-patient communication. We encourage patients and caregivers to learn as much as they can about their health care so that they can become more active partners with health care providers regarding their or their loved one's medical care. Article content often reminds patients to speak with their doctors about what they have learned here.
3. Privacy: Confidentiality of data relating to individual patients and visitors to a medical/health Web site, including their identity, is respected by this Web site. The Web site owners undertake to honour or exceed the legal requirements of medical/health information privacy that apply in the country and state where the Web site and mirror sites are located.
Lab Tests Online: We fully respect the confidentiality of visitors. Please review the Privacy policy for more detail. Currently we are using Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, please go here .
4. Attribution: Where appropriate, information contained on this site will be supported by clear references to source data and, where possible, have specific HTML links to that data. The date when a clinical page was last modified will be clearly displayed (e.g. at the bottom of the page).
Lab Tests Online: Because this site is designed for patients and caregivers, we have not included references to source data in the text for the sake of readability. We do list sources used at the end of each article, and we do keep records of specific references off-line. If there is a question regarding a source for a specific piece of information, please  contact us .
At the bottom of every page containing substantive content, we include the date that the page or article was last reviewed and the date it was last modified.
5. Justifiability: Any claims relating to the benefits/performance of a specific treatment, commercial product or service will be supported by appropriate, balanced evidence in the manner outlined above in Principle 4.
Lab Tests Online: While we may discuss laboratory tests and treatments in general terms based on currently available scientific literature, we do not advocate or promote specific commercial products or services.
6. Transparency: The designers of this Web site will seek to provide information in the clearest possible manner and provide contact addresses for visitors that seek further information or support. The Webmaster will display his/her E-mail address clearly throughout the Web site.
Lab Tests Online: Each page on this web site clearly indicates that the American Association for Clinical Chemistry (AACC) owns the copyright and is the site producer. Sponsors and partners are presented on the home page as well as on the Sponsors and Partners pages, with brief descriptions of each organization and a link to its web site. Other contributors to this web site are listed in the Acknowledgments section, and a list of current and past members of the Editorial Review Board is also provided. We have not provided e-mail addresses for specific individuals on this site out of respect for their privacy; however, questions to the Webmaster can be submitted using the Contact Us page .
7. Financial disclosure: Support for this Web site will be clearly identified, including the identities of commercial and non-commercial organisations that have contributed funding, services or material for the site.
Lab Tests Online: The primary source of funding for the site comes from corporate sponsors, who are all clearly identified on the  home page and again on the  Sponsors page, which includes brief descriptions of each organization and a link to its web site. Additional funding is derived from licensing revenue, individual donations, and the generous support of AACC.
8. Advertising policy: If advertising is a source of funding it will be clearly stated. A brief description of the advertising policy adopted by the Web site owners will be displayed on the site. Advertising and other promotional material will be presented to viewers in a manner and context that facilitates differentiation between it and the original material created by the institution operating the site.
Lab Tests Online: Lab Tests Online uses the proceeds from advertising to help sustain the website. The advertising policy is available below, and all ads are clearly labeled as advertisements. AACC maintains a distinct separation between advertising content and editorial content.
This Privacy Policy ("Policy") describes our policies with respect to information that AACC collects through the website at www.labtestsonline.org ("Website").
By visiting the Website, you are accepting the practices described in this Policy.
Privacy Policy Support
If you have an inquiry or concern about our Policy, please contact Dominique Smith at  [email protected] .
Changes in this Policy
AACC may amend this Policy at any time without notice. Your use of the Website after changes to this Policy means that you are accepting such changes. Please visit our Website to obtain current information about our Policy.
Information Collected
The information we collect generally includes: (1) Personal information you supply and (2) Tracking information collected as you navigate through the Website.
Personally Identifiable Information
We may collect and store personally identifiable information whenever you contact us with a question or comment. If you contact our customer service, we may ask you to provide certain personal information like your name, mailing address, telephone number, mobile number, and/or email address.
Aggregate Information
AACC does collect non-personal data to help us understand how the Website is being used – and how we can improve it. Our web server log also collects certain non-personal information such as the domain you are using to surf the web (e.g., users of your ISP will show up as "ISPname.com") and the page from which you linked to our site, if indeed you followed a link from elsewhere on the web.
When we collect this information, we endeavor to make any personally identifiable information non-personally identifiable by combining it with information about other individuals or by removing characteristics that make the information personally identifiable to you. AACC reserves the right to share with third parties aggregated information about you and other visitors to our Website.
AACC uses a third-party advertising company, eHealthcare Solutions (EHS), to serve ads when you visit the Website. EHS uses cookies to serve ads on the Website. The use of cookies enables EHS to serve more relevant ads to our users based on visits to the Website and other sites on the Internet. EHS may use non-identifying information about your visits to the Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice or to opt out of having this information used by EHS, see their  Preference Manager . You may also review eHealthcare Solutions'  Privacy Policy .
Storing and Using Information 
We do not undertake to maintain any information about you for a duration greater than necessary to provide services to you or as provided by law, rule or regulation. The Lab Tests Online website invites users to submit personally-identifiable data, such as your name and email address, along with questions or comments about the site, or about your experiences in the healthcare system. We collect this data only so that we may contact you with a response to your questions or comments, or to follow up with questions of our own. If you have indicated that you are interested in receiving updates about the site, we will use your email address to send you an email noting such updates. The Website is not governed by HIPAA or any other patient privacy statute.
Sharing Information
AACC is not in the business of renting or selling information to others. We may share your personal information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include providing customer service, performing business analysis, and supporting our Website functionality, other features offered through our Website. These service providers may have access to personal information needed to perform their functions but are not authorized to share or use such information for any other purposes.
We may also transfer user or customer information, including personally identifiable information, in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale.
We may disclose specific information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law, to enforce our Website policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property, or safety. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of the Website, or defend ourselves against third-party claims. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
Opt Out or Change Information
If you do not want to receive email from us, or you want to prevent your information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected, please let us know by sending an email to Attention: Opt Out /Info Change at [email protected] . Due to production, mailing, and system timelines, it may take some time to process your request. In addition, we may still use your information to communicate with you for other purposes, such as for customer service.
Children
We do not knowingly solicit or collect information from persons under the age of 18. We do not have a mechanism for determining the age of the visitors to our Website.
International Users
This Website is operated, in whole or in part, from the United States. By using this Website, regardless of where you live in the world, you consent to have your personal data transferred to and processed in the United States, and allow AACC to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Policy.
Third Party Links
The Website may also contain links to other third party websites that are not under our control. These websites may have their own policies or no policies at all, regarding privacy. You should seek and review these policies before providing information to these websites. AACC has no responsibility for linked websites and provides these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. AACC also maintains a strict "no-spam" policy and fully complies with CAN-SPAM Act regulations.
Google Analytics
Currently we are using Google Analytics to analyze the audience of the website and improve our content. No personal information is collected from Google Analytics. For further information on the privacy policy concerning Google Analytics, please  go here .
1. Science-based Content 
Content development is based on current scientific literature and the expertise and practical experience of an  Editorial Review Board (ERB)  comprised of laboratory and medical professionals from the partner societies as well as Lab Tests Online staff and, as needed, experts in specific areas of laboratory medicine.
2. Patient-Centered
We aim to provide information that is understandable to the general public. We also strive for a balanced approach; where there are differing views and little or no consensus about testing, we present each side of the discussion so that Lab Tests Online users can be better informed when making decisions about their care.
3. Outcomes-Driven
The information provided on Lab Tests Online is aimed at improving patient outcomes. Improving health outcomes through laboratory medicine is achieved with the appropriate use of testing. Our content aims to arm people with the information they need to be active participants in their care and to engage their healthcare providers in informed discussions that will result in positive health outcomes.
4. Peer-Reviewed
All new and modified content must be reviewed and approved by members of the ERB. This applies to news items, test and condition articles, feature and screening articles, and Glossary terms. The ERB may refer some content for review by non-ERB laboratorians or medical professionals who have a particular expertise, but the ERB has final approval of the content.
5. Limited Brand References
We avoid the use of company or brand names in written content, except in rare instances where reference to a particular kind of test is so closely associated with a brand that use of the brand name is unavoidable. We limit links to commercial web sites. Though brand names are an integral part of sponsor acknowledgements and advertisements placed on the site, they are separated from editorial content and are clearly marked. Editorial decisions are made by the ERB and Lab Tests Online staff and are independent of funding considerations.
6. Content Review Cycle
We strive to review all core content on the site (test, condition, and screening articles) at least once every three years to ensure that it is current with the latest research, technology, policies and practice. From time to time, developments in the science or policy and practice related to a specific topic may require the updating of an article in advance of its three-year review date (e.g., changes in screening guidelines). Each article displays a date that the article was last reviewed; a date that the page or article was last modified is also indicated. A modification may be a minor or editorial change that is implemented ad hoc whereas a review means that the complete article was reviewed and updated as needed.
Because laboratory science continues to evolve, in some cases quite rapidly, we require that the most current sources possible are used when preparing new articles or updating existing articles. Experts on specific topics may be consulted when the current literature is inconclusive. We strive to use peer-reviewed sources and non-commercial resources, including but not limited to journal articles, medical texts, and online health information sites, and these are documented.
7. New Development
Once each year, the ERB meets to prioritize the test and condition articles that will be developed and added to the site that year. Topics for feature articles may also be considered at this time, but this is not the focus of the prioritization process. Criteria that are used to help assign priorities to topics include board member recommendations, user and other stakeholder requests, frequency of user searches, and input from  editors of the global network  of Lab Tests Online web sites. Other considerations include whether the test has widespread acceptance in practice, relation of the test to other test and condition articles on the site, and whether the test is included as a recommended test in the guidelines of established authorities. Condition articles are developed with higher priority assigned for those that have laboratory tests associated with them, such as for screening, diagnosis, and/or management.
8. News Story Policies
Topics for news stories are evaluated based on specific criteria that include whether the topic is relevant to laboratory testing and the related subjects covered on the Lab Tests Online site, whether there is a public health aspect to the story, and whether the topic is receiving coverage in the popular media. Other criteria that might be considered, particularly when the story relates to a new test or advance in technology, is how soon the new test or advance will affect – or how far away it is from affecting –patient care. Like other content on Lab Tests Online, news stories strive to be non-commercial and to present a balanced coverage of the issues.
News items and links to them from pages on the site are available for three years from the posting date. After that time, they are removed.
9. Links to External Sites
All links listed in Lab Tests Online articles to sites "Elsewhere on the Web" are included because the pages to which they link are contextually-relevant and considered to be from well-regarded resources. Links are periodically checked to determine if they still function and go to the relevant content.
Under no circumstances will Lab Tests Online place a link to a web site in exchange for a link from that web site to Lab Tests Online. Anyone may suggest a link to us, but it will only be added to the site if it is determined to be relevant to Lab Tests Online users in the context of a given topic and considered to be a credible source. No links are listed on a Sources page if they were not used as sources in the development or review of a given article.
10. User Feedback
We take user feedback seriously. If you tell us that some part of the information on Lab Tests Online is wrong or if something is not sufficiently clear, we will review the section of content in question and take steps to modify it if the ERB agrees that the information was incorrect or unclear. Likewise, if you alert us that a link is not working, we will promptly fix it – and we appreciate you letting us know.
To further our mission of making reliable laboratory testing information – reviewed by the professionals who do the testing – available to the public, AACC accepts advertising under strict guidelines. AACC accepts those advertisements we believe are compatible with our mission.
AACC maintains a distinct separation between advertising content and editorial content. The editorial content on Lab Tests Online is based solely on current scientific literature and the expertise and practical experience of the site's  Editorial Review Board  and other experts who may be consulted from time to time. Content is developed and reviewed in accordance with our Editorial Policies. All advertising content on the Lab Tests Online website is clearly labeled as an advertisement.
Examples of advertising that may be allowed on LabTestsOnline.org, provided they are compatible with our mission as stated previously, include:
Corporate image advertising or corporate sponsorship
Over-the-counter medications approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)
Prescription drugs approved by the FDA
Consumer products with a health connection
Fitness products or services
Medical products or devices
Pharmacies (retail and online)
The following advertisements are prohibited on the LabTestsOnline.org website:
Alcohol
Tobacco
Gambling and lottery
Advertisements that claim to have a "miracle" cure or method
Advertisements directed at children
Implications that AACC has endorsed a product
Ads that attempt to collect any personally identifiable information from users, including their email address, without expressed permission or opt-in. This includes placing any cookies, applets or other such files that transmit personally identifiable information. 
Ads that do not link to the full rules for any market research or promotion
These guidelines are intended to provide general guidance. They are not all-inclusive or exhaustive and are subject to change at the discretion of AACC at any time.
AACC uses a third-party advertising company, eHealthcare Solutions, to serve ads when you visit our site. eHealthcare Solutions, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Its use of cookies enables eHealthcare Solutions to serve more relevant ads to our users based on visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users can learn more about or may opt out of the use of cookies by reviewing the following  Privacy Policy  or the eHealthcare Solutions  TRUSTe page . You may also review Lab Tests Online's Privacy Policy.
For questions about advertising, contact:    
R.J. Lewis
Ewing, NJ 08628
The Lab Tests Online logo may be used in a referential manner for informational, educational and historical purposes in connection with programs that promote information found on the Lab Tests Online web site. Any other uses are unauthorized, without the prior express written consent of AACC. Without limiting the above:
1. The Lab Tests Online logo may not be used to endorse any commercial product or service.
2. The Lab Tests Online logo may not be used to solicit funds or other contributions of monetary value.
3. The Lab Tests Online logo may not be used in any manner that could give rise to the appearance of such endorsement or solicitation.
The logo image should link to https://labtestsonline.org  or include a caption that links to https://labtestsonline.org in accordance with the linking guidelines below. When the logo is linked, an alt tag that says "Patient Education On Blood, Urine, and Other Lab Tests | Lab Tests Online" should be included.
If AACC finds that the Lab Test Online logo is not being used in accordance with these guidelines, you will be contacted and be required to comply or remove the Lab Tests Online logo.
Please send requests for permission to use the logo on your web site to [email protected] .
Linking Guidelines
1. AACC encourages other web sites to link to the Lab Tests Online home page and, if contextually appropriate, to pages deeper within the site. We do not charge a fee or ask for anything in return.
2. We do not, however, permit viewing of Lab Tests Online pages within a separately branded environment.
3. All links to Lab Tests Online should either open a new blank window or first clear all contents of the current window before displaying the Lab Tests Online page. The Lab Tests Online URL should appear in the address bar.
We ask that you send us your web site's URL for our records, noting where you have linked to Lab Tests Online. If AACC finds that linking guidelines are not being followed, you will be notified and required to comply.
Content Licensing
Lab Tests Online is copyright-protected and owned by the American Association for Clinical Chemistry (AACC). Any use of materials on this web site, including reproduction, modification, distribution or republication, without the prior written consent of AACC is strictly prohibited.
Lab Tests Online's licensing program provides an opportunity for companies and institutions to offer peer-reviewed, comprehensive lab test information. Licensing is available for both online use and hard copy print of Lab Tests Online articles, including full or partial test article content and condition, screening, news, and feature articles.
Licensing activity expands the reach of Lab Tests Online content and enables AACC to sustain the web site with new and updated content. Legal agreements are required for all licensees and fees vary, based on usage. Licensed content is delivered and updated via XML feeds.
As part of AACC's evaluation and screening process, licensing candidates must complete a   licensing request form . Please submit this form to [email protected] for consideration.
Note: New requests are considered at the beginning of each calendar year through January 31 and agreements may take several weeks to finalize. Requests received after January 31 will still be considered, but there may be an associated fee if it is necessary to expedite the process.
