Last updated June 04, 2018. 
This website is owned by and content is published by Scootboot Pty Ltd (Scootboot). You must not access, browse or use this website unless you agree to be bound by our terms and conditions. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal information collected by Scootboot via the website located at scootboot.com
How to contact us about privacy
Your privacy is very important to us. For that reason, please read the following details carefully and get in contact with us if you have any questions. You can contact us on scootboot@scootboots.com
Scootboot is subject to the National Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (the Privacy Act). The Privacy Act is an Australian law that regulates the handling of personal information about individuals. This includes the collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information and access to and correction of that information. This Privacy Policy and Disclosure Statement explains how we collect and protect the privacy of personal information about you collected by us or provided by you to us via our website or from other sources.
Collection and Purpose
We may collect personal information from you when you use the Scootboot website or deal with us by telephone, letter or email. Normally the type of personal information collected will include your name, address, telephone number, email address and product preferences. In addition, we also collect cookies from your computer, which enables us to tell when you use the website and also to help customise your website experience.
The purpose for which we collect personal information is to provide you with the best service experience possible on the Scootboot website. Some provision of personal information is optional. However, if you do not provide us with certain types of personal information, you may be unable to enjoy the full functionality of the Scootboot website.
Disclosure
We disclose personal information only to our service providers who assist us in operating the Scootboot website. We will only disclose personal information to an unrelated third party with your consent.
We do not disclose collected personal information to third parties for the purposes of allowing such third parties to directly market products and services to you.
We may from time to time engage third party contractors to carry out work for us. Third party contractors are prohibited from using collected personal information about you, except for the specific purpose for which that personal information has been supplied by us to the contractor.
Access and Correction
National Privacy Principle 6 of the Privacy Act (Australia) allows you to get access to, and correct, the personal information we hold about you in certain circumstances. If you would like to obtain such access, please contact us at scootboot@scootboots.com
Security
We have processes in place to ensure the security of your personal information, including encryption of all data when it is transferred to our service providers, and limitations on access to personal information within our organisation.
