Home chevron_right
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Chapman Automotive Group (for this limited purpose, collectively, "Chapman") may obtain information about you as described in this notice, which we handle as stated in this notice.
Chapman takes your privacy seriously and is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Because we do gather certain types of information from visitors to our sites, we have developed a privacy statement to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This statement discloses the types of information we gather and how it is used.
Chapman collects non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications of other forms;
Information about your transactions with us; and
Information we receive from a consumer-reporting agency.
We do not disclose, nor do we reserve the right to disclose, any non-public personal information about our consumers, customers or former customers to anyone, except as permitted by law. We may disclose non-public personal information about you, as a consumer, customer or former customer to non-affiliated third parties as permitted by law.
Chapman restricts access to non-public information about you to those employees who need to know the information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your non-public personal information.
Chapman maintains a strict "no-spam" policy. Subscribers to our e-mail services (or any other feature/service found on our Web site) will not receive unsolicited e-mail messages from us. Chapman collects information online primarily to provide our visitors with a more relevant experience on our sites. When doing so, we will make every reasonable effort to avoid excessive or irrelevant collection of data. Chapman will take reasonable physical, electronic and managerial measures to safeguard and secure any information you provide to us (e.g. data will be stored in protected databases on secured servers with restricted access). Chapman will not share any information you've provided to us with anyone without your consent other than to provide the service you've requested.
Anytime you visit our website, we may gather certain non-personally identifiable information regarding the means you use to access our site. This information may include the type and version of your browser, your service provider, your IP address and any search engine you may have used to locate the site. We use this information to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the Web site, and compile broad statistical data. In addition, we gather certain navigational information about where you go on our Web sites. This information enables us to determine which areas of the Web sites are most frequently visited and helps us to tailor the sites to the needs and interests of our online visitors. Such information is gathered by us in the aggregate and will not be associated with a specific individual without that individual's consent.
Chapman may use a browser feature known as a "cookie." Cookies are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing you with a customized browsing experience. Cookies can also be utilized to help us provide you with information targeted to your interests, based upon your prior browsing on our Web sites. The "help" section of the toolbar on most browsers will inform you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you upon the receipt of a new cookie, or how to disable the use of cookies completely. Google Analytics for Remarketing may be used in collecting first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to your website These methods allow us to show ads on sites across the Internet. To opt out click here .
If you have questions concerning this Privacy Policy or the practices of these sites, you may contact us .
Contact Us
Name (required)
Email (required)
© 2018 Chapman Automotive Group
*We reserve the right to make changes without notice and are not responsible for typographical errors. All vehicles subject to prior sale. These estimates reflect new EPA methods beginning with 2008 models. Your actual mileage will vary depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle. Actual mileage will vary with options, driving conditions, driving habits and vehicle's condition. Mileage estimates may be derived from previous year model. Automotive content displayed within this website is populated from ©Certain and ©DataOne Software and is protected under the United States and international copyright law. Any unauthorized use, reproduction, distribution, recording or modification of this content is strictly prohibited.
*All GM rebates included and retained by dealer to lower the price. Tax, title, registration, $1696 Freeway Value Package and $499 dealer doc fee extra. Dealer participation may affect price of vehicle. Special prices do not apply to GMS pricing or dealer employees. Extra discount includes Chevrolet Loyalty and Trade Assist programs. Actual value for well-qualified customers are dependent on eligibility. Offer expires 9/16/18 .
Topkeyboard_arrow_up
