 
The WTA knows that your privacy is important to you, and we want you to know that it is important to us too. We created this Policy to explain the types of information we collect through our websites (including the mobile optimized versions) and mobile applications on which it is posted (each, a “Site”) and the various social networking platforms that we use (together with the Sites, the “WTA Platforms”), how we will use, disclose, and protect this information once it is collected, and how you can opt out of some of our uses and disclosures of your information.
 
The Site is owned and operated by WTA Tour, Inc. and its corporate affiliates (referred to collectively in this policy as “we,” “us,” “our” and other similar pronouns).
 
As our business evolves, this Policy may change, so check back to this page periodically to make sure you understand how your personal information will be treated.
 
If you are located outside of the United States, you should know that the information you provide to us is being transmitted to us and processed in the United States and will be protected subject to this privacy policy and United States laws, which may not be as protective as the laws in your country. Also, this Site may place cookies and local shared objects on your computer or device, which are further described below. By using the Site, you agree to the placement of cookies and local shared objects on your computer or device
Advertisements displayed to you on the Site and elsewhere may be customized to your interests and preferences based on your personally identifiable information and Site usage Information collected through our Site unless you opt out by following the instructions that can be found here. (You must opt-out using each of your Web browsing applications and devices separately.) However, if you opt-out we may still suggest offerings to you on our Site based on your history at our Site.
By using our Site, you consent to our use of tracking technologies as described below.
Opt In and Opt Out
 
 
 
 
“Personal Information” is information that can be used to identify you as an individual or allow someone to contact you, as well as information attributed with such information. We collect Personal Information such as your name; postal addresses; e-mail addresses; telephone numbers; fax numbers; wireless device addresses (including text message addresses); photograph; gender; location; credit card and other payment information; purchase, site browsing, and transaction history; interests, hobbies, and demographic information. For example, we collect Personal Information when you conduct a transaction on our Site; create an account on our Site; sign up for our newsletters; make online purchases; enter sweepstakes and contests; complete surveys; contribute to a social forum on the Site; or submit a comment or question to us using a “contact us” or similar feature on the Site.
Site Usage Information
 
 
 
 
Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a website. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at our Site in the past and relate your use of the Site to other information about you, such as your Site usage information and Personal Information. Cookies may also be used to enhance your experience on the Site (for example, by storing your username so you can log in easily, keeping you logged into the Site after you have provided your password, and storing the contents of your shopping cart as you browse) or to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information and detect and prevent fraud. Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, inhibit or preclude your use of the Site or its features. To learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them, click here.
Local shared objects, such as “Flash cookies,” may be stored on your computer or device using a media player or other software installed on your computer or device. Local shared objects operate a lot like cookies, but cannot be managed in the same way. Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings. For information on managing Flash cookies, for example, click here.
HTML5 (the language some Web sites are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Site usage activities. This information can be retrieved by us to determine how our Site is being used by our visitors, how it can be improved, and to customize it for our users.
Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited our Site or another website in the past.
Browser history sniffing may be used to enable us to detect whether you have visited a webpage of ours or of someone else’s in the past by determining whether its URL is located in the list of URLs stored in your Web browser’s history file.
Browser fingerprinting can enable us to recognize your computer or device as the same one that has been used to visit our Site in the past based on various detectable information from your computer or device that, together, can be used as a “fingerprint” of your computer or device.
A pixel tag (also known as a “clear GIF” or “web beacon”) is a tiny image – typically just one-pixel – that can be placed on a Web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you’ve opened one of our emails or seen one of our Web pages.
These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers or partners on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you and relate your Site Usage Information to other information about you, including your Personal Information. These technologies also enable us to recognize you when you access our Site using different Web browsers and different computers or devices.
How is your information used?
 
We or our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you to perform the following business functions:
- enabling users to use our Site and its features
- processing and fulfilling your transactions
- administering the Site and your account with us
- responding to your requests, questions, and concerns
- market research
- developing new features and offerings on the Site
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
We maintain a presence on several social networking and blogging platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, and we also incorporate some third-party social networking features onto our Site. Through these platforms and features, we receive some Personal Information and some Site Usage Information about you, and this Privacy Policy applies to that information as well. In addition, third-party social networking platforms and blogging platforms have their own privacy policies that explain how the third parties that provide them will use and protect your information. In accordance with those policies (and your privacy settings within your social networking accounts), information about your activities on our Site (such as “Mary Jane “likes” the WTA” or “John Smith read our article about the WTA Finals” may be published to your social network.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
St. Petersburg, FL 33701 USA
Email: Legal@wtatennis.com
Phone: +1.727.895.5000
About
