Disclaimer and Privacy
TheHeartySoul.com owned by OutMatch Associates Inc. accepts advertising and other forms of compensation. Such compensation does not influence the information in this site. We always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences.
Items labeled as “Advertisement” are not selected by us. If you see a Google ad and a Web page about the same product or service, it is a coincidence.
We only accept non-Google sponsorships from providers of high-quality goods or services.  We appreciate their recognition and support of this site.
Rest assured that the actual content on sponsored pages are independent of any sponsorship or affiliate relationship. To avoid the appearance of any conflict of interest and in the spirit of full disclosure, we identify all sponsored content to you.
Please do support our sponsors and recommendations. This site takes time and effort to deliver original content, free, to you. Supporting our sponsors is a WIN-WIN-WIN for you, us, and them.
About Sponsored Content
While the compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this website, we will never write a review or take money for an ad from a company that we do not sincerely like. If we do accept compensation, it is because, and only because, we would have written about them anyway (But, hey…don’t tell our sponsors that!) That content, advertising space or post may not always be identified as paid or sponsored content.
If a company sends us something to review and we don’t like it, instead of writing a really bad review, we usually just send the product back and don’t post anything at all.
OutMatch Associates Inc. may be compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner of this website receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products.
 
Privacy and Disclaimer Statements
OutMatch Associates Inc. recognize that your privacy is important. This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use TheHeartySoul.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
OutMatch Associates Inc. (TheHeartySoul.com) strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting our customers’, consumers’ and online visitors’ privacy on our website.
Personal Information
We take your privacy seriously. We are providing this Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information on our Service. We also want to inform you about your choices regarding information. If you have any questions or concerns, please let us know (see “How to contact us” section below).
Note that this Policy may be modified from time to time in our sole discretion, so check back frequently.
How we collect information
We collect information in three (3) basic ways:
We collect information that you voluntarily provide to become a registered User of our Service, and when you use certain aspects of our Service (e.g., entering an email address on a form to send an email from your TheHeartySoul.com account).
We collect information when you register to join The Hearty Soul by logging into an account that you already have with certain third-party social networking sites (“SNS”) (including, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter) via our Service. For example, our Service allows you to create an account and login to the Service using your Facebook account credentials through Facebook Connect. If you are not currently registered as a User on the Service and you click on “Sign in Using Facebook,” you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join The Hearty Soul.
When you browse or use our Service, technological tools including “Log Data” and “Cookies” collect certain information, as explained in the following section.
What information we collect and how we use it
Personal Information
When you register with us through the Service to become a registered User of The Hearty Soul, we will ask you for certain information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, gender, profile photo, free-form biography, location/hometown, website and email address. If you decide to create your User account by logging into a SNS via the Service, you are using the Personal Information you have already provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) to create your User account on our Service; the information we collect may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS, so please consult the SNS’s privacy and data practices. For example, by using Facebook Connect, you are allowing The Hearty Soul to access the Personal Information in your Facebook account pursuant to the Facebook Terms of Use regarding your use of the Service via Facebook. We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your “Non-Identifying Information,” see below) to provide the Service to you.
For example:
Account registration: We create your User account for your use of the Service based upon the Personal Information you provide.
Communications: We use your Personal Information to contact you with The Hearty Soul newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “preferences” information in your account settings. (See “Your choices regarding information,” below.)
Customer service: We use your Personal Information to respond to your questions and/or inquiries.
Finding friends: You also have the option to import your personal contacts (including email addresses of friend lists via SNS) to the Service so that you can find your friends on the Service, and your friends can find you on the Service.
Emailing via a The Hearty Soul Account: As part of the Service, The Hearty Soul users may communicate with other registered and non-registered Users through use of their The Hearty Soul accounts. Where Users have selected the option of adding one or more email addresses to an online form, the message they create in the corresponding template will be sent from The Hearty Soul to those email addresses on their behalf.
Further examples: We may use encrypted/anonymous tokens to identify geo-location, demographics, interests, page visits, how a user enters and exits the site.
Non-Identifying Information
We also collect other information that you provide as part of registration, the operation, and personalization of your boards on The Hearty Soul that cannot reasonably be used to identify or contact you (e.g., without limitation, age and individual preferences) (“Non-Identifying Information”). Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be personally identified or contacted. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other Non-Identifying Information (for example, your viewing preferences) We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other The Hearty Soul Users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Service is used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
Mobile Software: Our Mobile Software allows Users to access and use the Service from their mobile devices. From the Mobile Software; in the event that our Mobile Software crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model, software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Mobile Software.
Log Data: When you visit the Service (as a registered User or a non-registered User just browsing) our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as the browser type or the web page you were visiting before you came to our Service, pages of our Service that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Service, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service and the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Service to our visitors’ needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Service again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Service meet the criteria required to process their requests.
Cookies: Like many online services, The Hearty Soul uses “cookies” on our Service to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer or mobile device’s hard disk. We use cookies for two purposes.
We utilize “persistent” cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Service.
We utilize “session ID” cookies to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage by The Hearty Soul Users and web traffic routing on the Service.
Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Service and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. (See “Your choices regarding information,” below.)
Sharing of your information
The Hearty Soul Users
When you register through the Service and submit Personal Information to create a profile or visual collection, other The Hearty Soul Users will see your name. If you choose to provide additional Personal Information in your profile, The Hearty Soul Users will see such additional Personal Information, including, but not limited to, your photo, location, website and biography. Providing additional Personal Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with The Hearty Soul Users. We recommend that you guard and refrain from disclosing any information you consider sensitive and confidential.
Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information
We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services (e.g., maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Service’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Social Networking Sites
We may share the information in your The Hearty Soul account (including your Personal Information) with the SNSs that you have linked to your The Hearty Soul account. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for this purpose (unless the SNS has received your Personal Information independently of the Service) and not for other purposes.
Facebook Connect and Twitter
We allow Users to link their Facebook and Twitter accounts to our Service. Users can then post recent activity on our Service back to their Facebook and Twitter accounts. You will be prompted to decide whether or not your activity on the Service will be shared and disclosed on your Facebook/Twitter service. You can disable the foregoing feature at any time by logging into your profile and selecting the option to disable Facebook Connect and/or Twitter. Further, you may be able to edit your privacy settings for the content that you post which appears on Facebook/Twitter by making selections in your “Edit Profile” settings via the Service.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
The Hearty Soul cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We can disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process including, but not limited to, subpoenas, to protect the property and rights of The Hearty Soul or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
Business Transfers
The Hearty Soul may sell, divest, transfer, assign, share or otherwise engage in a transaction that involves, some or all of our assets, including any or all of the information described in this Policy, in the course of a corporate divestiture, merger, acquisition, joint venture, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or any other similar transaction or proceeding.
Your choices regarding information
You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service:
Email Communications
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive email communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “preferences” information in your account settings.
Cookies
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below.
De-Linking SNS
If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your SNS account (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) linked to your The Hearty Soul account, then you may de-link the SNS account in the “preferences” section in your account settings.
Changing or Deleting Your Information
All Users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their User account (including any imported contacts) by contacting us or by editing their profile via the Service. If you completely delete all of your Personal Information, then your User account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Links to other sites and services
Our Service contains links to other third-party websites and online services. If you choose to visit another website or online service by clicking on a link, you will be directed to that third party’s website or online service. The fact that we may link to a website or online service is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites and online services, and these third parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer and collect data or solicit Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information from you. Other sites and online services follow different rules regarding the collection, use and/or disclosure of Personal Information and Non-Identifying Information. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites or online services you visit before providing any information or using such websites or services.
How we store and protect information
Information Security
We care about the security of your information. We use commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of information collected and maintained through the Service. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you provide to us or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by unauthorized persons.
Phishing
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to The Hearty Soul. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.
Breach Notification
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Service in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
International Transfer
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, The Hearty Soul transfer of Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Advertising Policies
The Hearty Soul uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit theheartysoul.com. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and http://optout.aboutads.info
We run third party advertisements through Google which are clearly identified as such. OutMatch Associates Inc. (TheHeartySoul.com) is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.
We also have several affiliate advertisers, third party ad networks and sponsors that include, but are not limited to:
Our Direct Advertising Partners
 
Outmatch does used Header Bidding to optimize revenue. Our vendor that controls the market place is AdBridg ( http://adbridg.com/legal/privacy.html ).
What AdBridg collects:
– Measurement
AdBridg tracks the visitor’s AdBridg Client ID in a cookie and records it in server logs, along with the visitor’s IP address. This data is stored in the U.S. and processed on behalf of the Publisher (the Controller) for the purposes of building anonymous session profiles to measure system performance.
Personal information is:
2) Not accessible to the Publisher in standard AdBridg reports;
3) Not shared with any third party;
4) Not viewed by AdBridg directly except for troubleshooting a visitor’s inquiry.
5) Erased by AdBridg after one year.
Most of these advertising companies do utilize re-targeting and customization ads tailored to you based off of behavioural data. Global Opt-Out for these companies can be accessed via AdChoices / DAA ( http://optout.aboutads.info )
For further understanding on advertising and retargeting, please visit ( https://youradchoices.com )
Affiliate Partners
Cookies and Google
Third parties, such as Google, may place and read cookies on your browser, or use web beacons to collect information, while serving ads on TheHeartySoul.com.
Here is how Google explains cookies: “A ‘cookie’ is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies.”
In Addition: “Google, as a 3rd party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy”.
To learn more about how Google uses their cookies, please visit: https://www.cookiechoices.org/intl/en/
Additional Partners Who Maybe Utilizing Your Data via Google’s Ad Exchange:
Google
https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/partner-sites/
Aarki
http://corp.aarki.com/privacy
Adacado
https://www.adacado.com/privacy-policy-april-25-2018/
https://www.xxxlutz.de/ocms/privacy
Beeswax
https://www.beeswax.com/privacy.html
Betgenius
http://betting.geniussports.com/connextra-service-terms-conditions/
Blismedia
http://www.blis.com/privacy/
Bombora
http://bombora.com/privacy
Booking.com
https://www.booking.com/content/privacy.en-gb.html
http://mktsci.com/privacy_policy.htm
https://travelaudience.com/product-privacy-policy/
TreSensa
http://tresensa.com/eu-privacy/index.html
TripleLift
https://triplelift.com/privacy/
TruEffect
https://trueffect.com/privacy-policy/
TrustArc
https://www.trustarc.com/privacy-policy/
Turbobytes
https://www.turbobytes.com/gdpr/
UDG
https://www.udg.de/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/privacy_policy_EN.pdf
Our policy towards children’s information
This Service is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at community@theheartysoul.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
 
Disclaimer
TheHeartySoul.com Web Site (the “Site”) is an online information service provided by OUTMATCH ASSOCIATES INC., subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions set forth below. PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE. BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE. OUTMATCH ASSOCIATES INC. MAY MODIFY THIS AGREEMENT AT ANY TIME, AND SUCH MODIFICATIONS SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING OF THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT ON THE SITE. YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THE AGREEMENT PERIODICALLY TO BE AWARE OF SUCH MODIFICATIONS AND YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE DEEMED YOUR CONCLUSIVE ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFIED AGREEMENT.
Copyright, Licenses and Idea Submissions
The entire contents of the Site are protected by international copyright and trademark laws. The owner of the copyrights and trademarks are OUTMATCH ASSOCIATES INC. , its affiliates or other 3rd party licencors. YOU MAY NOT MODIFY, COPY, REPRODUCE, REPUBLISH, UPLOAD, POST, TRANSMIT, OR DISTRIBUTE, IN ANY MANNER, THE MATERIAL ON THE SITE, INCLUDING TEXT, GRAPHICS, CODE AND/OR SOFTWARE. You may print and download portions of material from the different areas of the Site solely for your own non-commercial use provided that you agree not to change or delete any copyright or proprietary notices from the materials. You agree to grant to OutMatch Associates Inc. a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual license, with the right to sub-license, to reproduce, distribute, transmit, create derivative works of, publicly display and publicly perform any materials and other information (including, without limitation, ideas contained therein for new or improved products and services) you submit to any public areas of the Site (such as bulletin boards, forums, social media platforms and newsgroups) or by e-mail to TheHeartySoul.com or OutMatch Associates Inc. by all means and in any media now known or hereafter developed. You also grant to OutMatch Associates Inc. (TheHearySoul.com) the right to use your name in connection with the submitted materials and other information as well as in connection with all advertising, marketing and promotional material related thereto. You agree that you shall have no recourse against OutMatch Associates Inc. for any alleged or actual infringement or misappropriation of any proprietary right in your communications to OutMatch Associates Inc. (TheHearySoul.com).
YOU ASSUME TOTAL RESPONSIBILITY AND RISK FOR YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND THE INTERNET.  OUTMATCH ASSOCIATES INC. PROVIDES THE SITE AND RELATED INFORMATION “AS IS” AND DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR ENDORSEMENTS WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION WARRANTIES OF TITLE OR NONINFRINGEMENT, OR THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) WITH REGARD TO THE SERVICE, ANY MERCHANDISE INFORMATION OR SERVICE PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ON THE INTERNET GENERALLY, AND OutMatch Associates Inc. SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY COST OR DAMAGE ARISING EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY FROM ANY SUCH TRANSACTION. IT IS SOLELY YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND USEFULNESS OF ALL OPINIONS, ADVICE, SERVICES, MERCHANDISE AND OTHER INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH THE SERVICE OR ON THE INTERNET GENERALLY. OUTMATCH ASSOCIATES INC. DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT DEFECTS IN THE SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL OutMatch Associates Inc.BE LIABLE FOR (I) ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR INFORMATION, AND THE LIKE) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICE, OR ANY INFORMATION, OR TRANSACTIONS PROVIDED ON THE SERVICE, OR DOWNLOADED FROM THE SERVICE, OR ANY DELAY OF SUCH INFORMATION OR SERVICE. EVEN IF OUTMATCH ASSOCIATES INC. OR ITS AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR (II) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS, OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE SERVICE AND/OR MATERIALS OR INFORMATION DOWNLOADED THROUGH THE SERVICE. BECAUSE SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SUCH STATES, OUTMATCH ASSOCIATES INC. LIABILITY IS LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW.
OutMatch Associates Inc. makes no representations whatsoever about any other web site which you may access through this one or which may link to this Site. When you access a non-theheartysoul.com website, please understand that it is independent from healthy-holistic-living.com, and that theheartysoul.com has no control over the content on that web site. In addition, a link to a theheartysoul.com web site does not mean that OutMatch Associates Inc. endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content, or the use, of such web site.
OutMatch Associates Inc. (TheHeartySoul.com) does NOT provide Medical Advice
This content provided on TheHeartySoul.com is for information purposes only; this site is in no way to take the place of professional medical advice. Information provided by OutMatch Associates Inc. on TheHeartySoul.com in no way, shape or form should be misconstrued as or take the place of medical advice. Always seek medical advice from a professional concerning your health and do not allow information you obtained from secondary resources, such as TheHeartySoul.com to take the place of seeking professional medical advice.
OutMatch Associates Inc. (TheHeartySoul.com) does NOT provide Legal Advice.
The content provided on TheHeartySoul.com is for information purposes only; this site, any information on this site including e-books, articles and advertisements are in no way to take the place of professional legal advice. Information provided by TheHeartySoul.com in no way, shape or form should be misconstrued as or take the place of legal advice. Always seek legal advice from a professional concerning disability claims, process and procedures. Do not allow information you obtain form secondary resources, such as TheHeartySoul.com to take the place of seeking professional legal advice. If you think, you have legal concerns contact a lawyer immediately.
JOIN OUR WEEKLY NEWSLETTER
