PRIVACY POLICY
Last Update:10/19/2017
TOO FACED COSMETICS, LLC ("Too Faced" or the “Company”) is committed to protecting the privacy of our customers’ personal information. This policy applies to information we collect:
On the Too Faced website, located at toofaced.com (“Website”).
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and Too Faced.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from Too Faced, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and Too Faced.
When you interact with us, our advertising or our applications on third-party websites and services.
When you contact or follow us on social media.
Amendments to this statement will be posted at this URL and will be effective when posted. Your continued use of this Website following the posting of any amendment, modification or change shall constitute your acceptance thereof.
CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age in the United States. If you are under 13 years of age, you may browse the Website.  However, no one under age 13 may provide any personal information to Too Faced or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not provide any information to us, including on or through any of the Website features/register on the Website, by making any purchases through the Website, using any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or providing any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at xoxo@toofaced.com . Please note, in the United Kingdom the minimum age is 16.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We collect several types of information from and about users, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number ("personal information");
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as non-personal demographic information;
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details.
We collect this information:
Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and/or other tracking technologies.
Our products are available for sale in many department stores. Unless otherwise indicated at the time that you provide your personal information, any personal information collected in these department stores is not provided to us. This Privacy Policy does not address any data collection by our retail partners.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
The information we collect may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, making a purchase on our Website, subscribing to our emails or text messages, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website.
Your search queries on the Website.
Information provided to us through social networks or third-party platforms when you, for example, log-in to your account using social media log-in, visit or engage with our social media content, or communicate with us via social media (such as your name, e-mail, profile picture, likes, location, friend list, photos or other information described by the applicable social network or platform).
You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, "posted") on public areas of the Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively, "User Contributions"). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed or misused by unauthorized persons.
USAGE DETAILS, IP ADDRESSES AND COOKIES
As you navigate through and interact with our Website, or our advertising or applications on third-party websites and services, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
The information we collect automatically is statistical data, and does not alone identify any individual. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website.  Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. 
 
Third Party Web Analytics Services
We may use third party web analytics services on this Website and our social media pages, such as those of Google Analytics.  The service providers that administer these services use technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons to collect information (such as IP address) and use that information to help us analyze how visitors use the Website.  These vendors may use cookies placed on this Website (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and cookies placed on third-party web sites (such as Google advertising cookies), or other third-party identifiers, together, to analyze our Website visitors.
You may deactivate the ability of Google Analytics to analyze your browsing activities on this Website.  To disable Google Analytics, please download the browser add-on provided by Google at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.  To learn more about privacy and Google Analytics please consult the Google Analytics overview provided by Google at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
targeted advertising & THIRD-PARTY ADVERTISER USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
 
We may also use third-party platforms and technology, including platforms operated by social networks, such as Google, Facebook and Pinterest to show you interest-based ads. These companies have specific Interest-Based Ads programs that match people that have shown interest in Too Faced through our websites, stores or other services with users on their platforms and properties. If we participate in these programs, we convert your personal information (which may include name, email address or telephone number) or other information into a unique value which can be matched by those third parties with a user on their platform or with other data they may have collected from you. This matching allows us to deliver interest-based ads to users of these platforms. To opt-out of these ads, you must change your advertising preferences for those third-party platforms. You can manage your preferences for these advertising programs by clicking on the following relevant links: for Facebook click  here , for Google click  here  and for Pinterest click  here . These platforms may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review.  
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To manage your account.
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request.
To process your transaction.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
For online promotions and interactive user content.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
To tailor ads displayed to you based on your interests and history with us.
Respond to your inquiries.
For any other purpose with your consent.
We may also use your information to contact you about our own and our third-party partner’s goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form) or adjust your user preferences in your account profile.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. 
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Too Faced's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Too Faced is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the "e-mail a friend" feature of our Website, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Too Faced, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
INTERNATIONAL ORDERS
Too Faced Cosmetics offers international shipping through our global shipping provider Borderfree. Personal information that you provide in connection with an international order is provided to Borderfree and subject to Borderfree’s Privacy Policy available at: https://www.borderfree.com/#/privacy/en_us.  Borderfree may share your personal information with us and, in that event, we will treat your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If you have questions about Borderfree’s privacy practices, please contact Borderfree ( www.borderfree.com ).
DATA TRANSFERS
Your personal information may be transferred to countries other than the country in which it was originally collected and your personal information may be processed and stored outside of your country of residence. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as your country of residence and your personal information will be subject to applicable foreign laws. When we transfer your information to other countries, we will protect that information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
CHOICES ABOUT HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: 
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's  website . If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your e-mail address, cell phone number or other contact information used by the Company to promote our own or our third-party partner’s products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form) or at any other time by logging into the Website and adjusting your user preferences in your account profile by checking or unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an e-mail stating your request to  xoxo@toofaced.com . If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you can tell us not to send you promotional e-mail by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the emails you receive from us.  If you no longer wish to receive text messages, you can text STOP to the five digit short code for the text messaging program from which you no longer wish to receive messages (i.e., the five digit number from which the text messages are being sent).
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising.  However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. To learn more about advertising networks and to opt out of interest-based advertising, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance at www.aboutads.info/choices or the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate. The right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. You may request to review, change or delete your personal information by sending an email to  xoxo@toofaced.com .
SECURITY
Our Website has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the personal information under our control. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take all reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.
OTHER WEBSITES; LINKS
Our Website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
CALIFORNIA Do-not-track
 
 
 
 
If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your personal information we may do so by telephone or email.
Sign Up for Updates
