Mohawk Privacy Policy
June 15, 2018
This Privacy Policy explains the privacy and security practices for any website, application, mobile browser, social media account, or service operated by Mohawk Industries, Inc., or any of its subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, or related companies (“Mohawk”, “we”, “us”, “our” as appropriate) that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, our “sites”), and it applies to any individual that uses or accesses any site.
We are the world’s largest flooring company with flooring options in over 30 categories.  This policy applies to our corporate operations and our businesses that are headquartered in the United States.  Our businesses located outside of the United States maintain their own privacy policies that are subject to local law.  Please refer to the policy of the local business whenever you are engaging with a Mohawk affiliate that is headquartered outside of the United States.  We want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding our collection, use, sharing, storage, and retention of your information through the sites. By visiting any site, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy.
What Types of Information We Collect
While not all information that you provide or that we collect is personally identifiable information, this policy includes all information that we collect, that you provide, or that is provided to us by a third party, including personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information includes, but is not limited to, your name, address, phone number, email address, user name and password for restricted access portions of our sites and those of our partners, and information about your devices used to access the sites. While providing some requested information on our sites is completely voluntary (for example, participating in surveys), certain parts of our sites require your personally identifiable information to either access the site or to permit the site to process correctly.  This policy covers both mandatory information that you provide, as well as any voluntary information that you provide.
Additional examples of information that we collect include:
User content, created by you during your use of a site
Payment information, when purchasing a product or service from us
Device information, such as your type of device, your IP address, and your service provider
Usage information and browsing history while you are accessing any of our sites
Location data
Demographic information
How We Collect Information
We receive and store any information you knowingly enter on a site, whether via computer, mobile phone, other wireless device, or that you provide to us in any other way.  We also receive and store information that is automatically collected through the technology.  In addition, we receive and store information that is provided by third parties.  We explain each method for collecting information and the types of information collected through each method in greater detail below. This policy does not apply to websites, services or practices of companies that we do not own or control, which are subject to their own terms and conditions, even if they help us operate our sites or even if you interact with us.  However, this policy does apply to information that is collected by us through third-party websites, social media sites, or services.
Information That You Provide
You may choose to voluntarily provide us with information about you at various places on the sites. Information, including personal information, may be collected at any point on our sites.  You may provide information to us when you engage in any of the following activities:
Purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our products or the sites;
Create an account;
Contact customer service;
Participate in interactive features on the sites;
Connect, discuss, tag, tweet, post, pin, or otherwise mention us or the sites through a social media service;
Sign up for emails, mobile messages or social media notifications;
Enter a contest or sweepstakes;
Participate in a survey or a focus group;
Provide a review, an image, an opinion, or similar content;
Apply for employment; and
Make comments, suggestions or provide other input on any of the sites.
We may choose to collect the information that you provide, which we may then use according to this Privacy Policy.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONTENT OF THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE ON THE SITES AND AGREE TO PERMIT US TO ACCESS, USE OR REUSE SUCH CONTENT AS PERMITTED IN THIS POLICY AND IN OUR USER GENERATED CONTENT POLICY, IF APPLICABLE.
Automatically Collected Information
The sites automatically log information about you from your browser or mobile device when you visit the sites.   The sites may use tracking pixels, web beacons, cookies and other technology to get and store information like your IP addresses, clickstream data, date and time of visits, and browser, Operating System and Internet Service Provider information, as well as other information.
Cookies enable us to offer secure pages to you without asking you to sign in repeatedly. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, and you can also set how you wish the browser to delete cookies.  Disabling cookies may affect the functionality of a site or may require that you reenter data each time you visit a site, however.
Web beacons and other technologies like pixels allow us and our authorized third parties to monitor and collect certain information about users of the sites, web-based documents, e-mail messages or other communications, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the device identifier of the device that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed.
Information Provided By Third Parties
We engage with service providers that we use, data management or analytics companies, advertising networks, demographics companies, third parties that provide us information about you and your devices, and other collaborative third parties.  We also receive information about you from our family of companies, including subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent, that you have interacted with.
How We Use the Information That We Collect and Store
We and authorized third parties engaged by us to provide services may use the information on the basis of various legal grounds, which are more fully explained in this section.  We may use the information for compliance purposes, in situations where you provide consent for its use, as might be required to perform a contract with you, or for legitimate business purposes. More specifically, legitimate business purposes may include the following:
Authenticate your identity,
Send you information,
Process and respond to requests for products, information or services,
Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, returns, or exchanges,
Administer contests, sweepstakes and promotions,
Conduct research and analysis,
Customize or tailor your experience on any of our sites,
Combine the various pieces of information that we have about you,
Improve the sites,
Market our products;
Count unique users/browsers, visits and page views;
Monitor traffic and conversion patterns through our various product and service offerings on the sites,
Determine whether messages were opened, links were clicked or notifications/offers were acted upon,
Other uses consistent with our legitimate business purposes;
Help prevent fraudulent transactions, and
Assist law enforcement, monitor against theft or other crime or breach, and respond to subpoenas (Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.).
We are not in the business of selling or renting your personally identifiable information. We may share information about you with third parties under the following circumstances; however, these third parties are not permitted to share or use the information for any purposes, except providing services to us:
when necessary for third parties that provide support services to us, provided that such sharing is subject to this Privacy Policy and any applicable laws;
to help us market our products (for example, special offers) and some third party marketing or advertising purposes, though we do not share personally identifiable information about you with third parties for third party marketing or advertising purposes not consistent with the terms of this policy and applicable law;
to provide data analysis and strategy services;
when you consent to disclosure;
with our parent, subsidiaries, divisions, and affiliates; and
to enforce or apply our agreements or protect our rights.
We may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas, court orders, legal process or other valid law enforcement measures; to comply with a legal obligation; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the sites and applicable laws; to protect the legal rights, interests, or safety of the sites, our users or others; or when your actions violate our terms. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.
We may transfer personally identifiable information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control.
You may have rights under various United States and other laws.  We will honor your rights under applicable data protection laws. Your rights may vary under the laws of each country.  Please contact us using the information in the “Contact Information” Section below to make a request to access your information for a permitted purpose under applicable law.  If you are not satisfied with our handling of your access request, you may have the ability to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority if you live, work, or were infringed upon within the European Economic Area.
Accessing Information
We provide mechanisms for updating and correcting your personal information on the sites. If you have registered for an online account, you may access and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your online account and using the features and functionalities available there.
In addition, you may also make a request for access to, to rectify or remove, or to restrict use of your personal information by sending an email at onlineprivacy@mohawk-email.com. You may also have rights to object to your personal information being used, to ask for the transfer of personal information you have made available to us and to withdraw consent to the use of your personal information.  Please contact us at onlineprivacy@mohawk-email.com to make a request.
We may request additional information from you in order to verify your identity before accommodating an access request. If we are unable to honor a request, we will explain why.
Company
Shipping Address * Required Field
We like your style. What's next?
Let's stay in touch! We'll share a series of helpful tips to make the next steps in your flooring renovation a breeze. No spam. Just expert advice from the flooring pros to make your life easier.
Yes, please!
Zip Code*
If we have questions about your order, where can we reach you? Our Privacy Policy covers details on how we protect your information.
