× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Carsdirect.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Carsdirect.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.carsdirect.com/the-company/privacy . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Personal Information
We collect personal information for various business purposes when you interact with us, such as providing you with a subscription, processing your order, responding to requests for service or assistance, creating and improving our products and services, suggesting additional or different products or services, and protecting our rights and property. We collect information about you in two basic ways. First, we receive information directly from you. Second, through use of cookies and other technologies, we keep track of your interactions.
Your Choices
You can stop receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in the email you receive.
You may cancel your registration or deactivate your account, or update your preferences at any time.
You can manage cookies using your browser controls.
You can opt out of the use of certain cookies.
Individual products or services may offer additional controls or preferences.
Uses of Information
Your information is used to fulfill your requests and communicate with you, operate, support and improve our sites, products and services, conduct internal research, and personalize the content, products, services and advertisements offered to you.
How to Contact Us
Use our Privacy Contact form , or write to us at the address below.
Privacy Office
El Segundo, CA 90245 U.S.A.
Information Sharing
We do not sell, rent or provide your personal information to third parties that are unaffiliated with Internet Brands. Your personal information is shared with third parties with your consent, except in circumstances where the law requires it to be shared.
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
