This Privacy Statement discloses our policies regarding information we  obtain from you and how we limit and protect the uses to which that  information is put.
Philosophy
FunTrivia is a casual gaming website, and holds as minimal information as possible on users.  We are committed to building users' trust and  confidence in the Internet by promoting the principles of disclosure and  informed consent. Accordingly, we wish to notify you about:
What Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Through your use of the Site, we may obtain various types of basic contact and user information  from you such as your IP (or Internet) address, your user name, email address, and password.  While we store this information in  our database and endeavour to protect that data, we can offer no warranties or guarantees.  Any data you submit to  FunTrivia is ultimately submitted at your own risk.
Player user names are displayed all over the site to identify players.  Players should not use personally identifying  information in their user names.  We encourage anonymity.
We store player email addresses to contact a player if a password is forgotten, send "daily trivia"  when specifically  requested by the player, and to send yearly website updates which can be unsubscribed from.  We also request that a user provide  their email address in our feedback section, so that we can respond to their problem.  Private tournaments ask for email  addresses so that we can likewise contact players if they forget their passwords, and so that we can send out monthly tournament  emails (which can be unsubscribed from).  Finally, FunTrivia Forums require an email for similar contact purposes.
We use player IP addresses to help track down cheating, and to provide us a way to prevent players from accessing the  website for  abuse, spam, illegal activities, account infractions, etc.  Private tournament administrators have access to player IP  addresses.  Finally, we display in the email the IP address of the player who sends an email from a form on our website to  external email addresses, to prevent/track spammers.  For example, if someone abuses our "I have forgotten my password"  form to send unwanted emails to another user, we can use that IP information to determine where the abuse is originating  from.  Google Analytics, used to keep track of general website usage, may use IP addresses.
Players may, but are not required to, specify their city, state, and country.  This information appears in user profiles.  It is used to display regional scoreboards and  statistics for some of our trivia games.  Players are free to leave this information blank.
Player hobbies and info fields appear in user profiles.  This information is all public and available to search engines.   Players are asked to carefully  consider what they write in these sections, for personal security.  This is entirely optional, and may be left blank.
The FunTrivia Forums is a separate piece of software, and has its own fields (most optional) for information such as  home town, etc.  Players should assume that everything except their email address is public information.
FunTrivia does not store important information such as credit card numbers, bank information, or social security  numbers on its servers.  All billing is handled, managed, and tracked entirely by 3rd parties such as Paypal.com (for our gold  membership), and we do not store that information ourselves.
We also collect and  store http logs, statistics, usage logs, and other information about the online activities of our  visitors, primarily for error and abuse tracing.  This information is never offered to 3rd parties, unless required by law.
We obtain information in several ways.  Some is required as part of the registration process. Additional information is gathered through "cookies", which deposit special codes on  your computer.
FunTrivia Message Boards
Players should assume that all information they input to FunTrivia message boards, forums, and chat boards is publicly  accessible.  Search engines such as Google regularly pick up content from these boards, so players should assume that their  posts will eventually be indexed. Send us a note to have any of your prior posts there deleted or forum user account deleted.
User Fun Trivia Mailboxes
FunTrivia player mailboxes carry no guarantee of privacy and should not be used for sensitive or personal discussions.   Our messaging system was designed and intended for discussions related to quizzes, corrections and non-sensitive discussion.   This privacy warning is reiterated on the "send message" screen.  Most volunteer editors have access to user messages in order  to handle corrections, quiz notes, etc, and site administrators have access to read / monitor messages for abuse, spam, etc.   Sensitive or personal discussions should be conducted outside of the FunTrivia.com website via email.   Our editors and  administors retain the right to delete any message.
Team Message Boards
Team message boards are publicly accessible.  Participants should not assume any additional level of privacy on these boards.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information above only to operate the site and make your  experience more efficient, effective and enjoyable.
We do not sell, rent or otherwise give user submitted  information to any other party, except in limited  circumstances such as compliance with law or with your permission, as  noted below. Thus, we would not sell your name, email address or other  personal information to mass marketers.   If FunTrivia is acquired or becomes part of another organization, we retain the right  to trasfer all exclusive control over that data to our new operating entity.
Most uses we make of your  information are for site administration of your use of the site, such as  processing and tracking of orders, diagnosing problems with our server,  identification and security.  We may also use this  information to  contact you for operational purposes, such as tracking of orders, and  notifying you of product updates or new products or editions.
Only if you consent, will we share personal,  identifiable data about you to third parties. For example, on particular  pages where we ask for personal information, we may explicitly tell you  that the data we ask for may by shared with third parties.
There  are circumstances where we may need to provide individual information to  others. For example, we may disclose information if we in good faith  believe it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against  someone who is violating our Conditions of Use of the Site, breaking the  law, causing injury to or interference with others or otherwise violating  the rights of others. We may also disclose information to the extent we  believe in good faith it is required by law or for administrative and  other purposes we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our  products and service. In all such circumstances, we will limit what  information we disclose to the extent we believe it to be appropriate.
Choices Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of  Information - Opting Out and Corrections
We may send you  emails or other promotions our vendors or we offer that we believe may be  of special interest to you. Only FunTrivia (or our agents who are  required to  comply with these policies) will send you these materials. If you do not  wish to receive these materials, you may either modify your account  preferences to opt out from such promotions, send an unsubscribe email by  the means indicated in the materials or tell us when we collect  information from you.
You also have choices  concerning cookies. Your Internet browser allows you to accept all  cookies, be notified when a cookie is sent or reject all cookies. However,  if you reject cookies, we may not be able to customize the content we show  you or otherwise learn your preferences. There may also be services that  require the use of cookies. This may negatively affect your Site  experience. In addition, we may place advertising on the Site that  originates from outside advertisers or other third parties. In some cases,  if you click on these advertisements, a cookie may be sent to your  computer. We do not control these cookies.
Right to Data Deletion / "Right to be Forgotten"
The limited information we store as described above can be deleted by Contacting Us and providing us with your FunTrivia user ID and email address.  We will terminate and wipe clear your account.
Changes In Policies; Terms and  Conditions
We may change these policies from time to time. If  any such changes materially and adversely affect the use of your  information, we will generally refer to such changes on the Site for a  period of time, although our failure to do so will not affect the  applicability of such changes. Accordingly, we recommend that you check  back to review these policies from time to time, particularly if you have  not visited the Site for some time. These policies are also subject to our  Terms of Use, which are incorporated herein by reference, and we also  recommend that you review those from time to time.
Third Party Cookies
In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a  unique "cookie" on your browser.
Google, Inc, as our partner for advertisements outline their Privacy Policy Here .  Google will show only non-personalized ads to users in the EEA.
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via privacy@exponential.com.
Their cookie info:
