MyLife.com, Inc. (“we”, “us”, “our”, or “MyLife”) recognizes the importance of consumer privacy and we take this issue seriously. This Online Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) has been designed in a format that is easy to navigate and read so that you can clearly understand our privacy practices with respect to the information collected by websites and other online interfaces that are owned or operated by MyLife and contain a link to this Policy (collectively, the “Services”). We are committed to treating your Personal Information (as defined below) with care and respect.
 
TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT
 
“Personal Information” refers to information that can be used to contact you or identify you as a particular individual. The specific kinds of Personal Information we collect through the Services typically depend on the exact nature of our relationship with you, but might include:
Full name;
Telephone number including cell number;
Fax number;
E-mail address;
Date of birth;
Payment information (e.g., credit or debit card number, expiration date, other financial account details, etc.);
User ID, login name, screen name, nickname, or handle and password;
Social media accounts and/or IDs;
Likeness and physical characteristics (e.g., profile picture, eye and hair color, height, etc.); and
vDetails regarding background or preferences (e.g., interests, nicknames, favorite quote, etc.);
IP Address;
Criminal record
 
“Other Information” refers to any information that does not reveal your specific identity or directly relate to you as an individual. We collect a number of different types of Other Information through the Services, such as:
Browser and device information (e.g., browser/device type, UDID, geographic location, etc.);
Information collected through cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies;
Demographic and other similar information you provide (e.g., gender, ethnicity, relationship status, etc.); and
Aggregated or otherwise de-identified information.
 
Personal Information
We and our service providers may collect Personal Information through the Services in a variety of ways, including:
Voluntary Submissions. We collect Personal Information from you when you elect to voluntarily provide it to us. For example, certain features of the Services are only accessible by individuals who have registered and created an account with MyLife (collectively, “Members”). In order to become a Member, you must first complete our online registration form , which requests basic contact information (e.g., name, date of birth, e-mail address, etc.) from you. You can also enter certain other details about yourself on your profile page (e.g., job and schools). The information you provide during the registration process allows MyLife to create a unique profile for you on the Services (your “Member Profile”), which may be supplemented with other information as described herein.
Other examples of ways that you may voluntarily provide Personal Information through the Services include: directly requesting information or assistance, inquiring about the Services, sending us an e-mail, connecting via a Social Network API, submitting a payment, completing other online forms (e.g., to add or update information in your Member Profile, to invite contacts to join the Services through our e-mail integration feature, to perform people searches through our Who’s Searching for You® feature, etc.), or otherwise interacting with MyLife’s online presence. To this end, the Services may provide you with the opportunity to share your reviews, thoughts, or comments regarding your relationship with MyLife. Such testimonial information may include your personal experiences with our products or services and related Personal Information that you choose to submit through the Services. In the event you elect to do so, we will request your permission before publicly posting any Personal Information contained therein on the Services. You can also request that we remove your testimonial any time by contacting Customer Care toll-free at (888) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST or visit our HELP section .
If you use the Facebook Connect function to import information or to create your Member Profile, we will collect the following: your full name, gender and date of birth; email address; employment and education; certain Facebook profile details; relationships; photos / videos; and live stream feeds. Facebook profile information will not be imported into your Member Profile without your consent. We will share this information in the manner specified in this privacy policy. You can edit and/or update this information on the MyLife site whenever you choose by going to the Edit section of your profile and adjusting the information as you wish.
Please note that if you choose to provide us with Personal Information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy. You should also be aware that any Personal Information you submit through public areas of the Services (e.g., blogs, forums, people search pages, etc.) can be viewed, collected, and possibly used by others, both on the Services (e.g., to send you unsolicited messages) and potentially on third-party services to the extent permissible under this Policy. We encourage Members and non-Members to refrain from disclosing Personal Information within such public areas of the Services that they do not wish to share. If you would like additional details regarding the areas of the Services that may be publicly accessible, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Care toll-free at (888) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST or visit our HELP section .
Third-Party Sources. We may acquire Personal Information about you from other sources, such as: people who provide reviews about you, public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms, people with whom you are friends or have otherwise connected on social media platforms, and other third parties. We may append third parties’ information to the Member’s profile (e.g. previous address) and notify the Member of such information.
 
Other Information
MyLife and its service providers also collect Other Information through the Services in a number of different manners, including automatically through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. We use this information in order to, among other things: permit the Services to function properly, evaluate how you interact with the Services, determine where you are located, support data analytics and research, and assist with the marketing and product development efforts of MyLife and our business partners. Please note that under certain circumstances we may combine the Other Information we collect through the Services (e.g., a Member’s geographical location) with Personal Information (e.g., the Member’s name). If we do so, MyLife will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Policy for as long as it is remains combined and identifies you as a particular individual.
Examples of the ways in which we may collect Other Information from you include the following:
Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of data that are based on your Internet activity and stored on the hard drive of your computer by your Internet browser when you visit a website. Through the use of cookies, we are able to collect traffic, usage, and other similar information about your interactions with the Services (e.g., time spent on the Services, the specific portions of the Services that you use or visit, language preferences, etc.), as well as recognize your computer or device to facilitate your use of the Services (e.g., to display information more efficiently). We may use this type of information for a variety of purposes, including: analyzing usage patterns, monitoring and improving the Services, personalizing your interactions with the Services, tracking Internet activity, and supporting our marketing efforts. When you visit the Services or other websites where we advertise, we or a third party may use Other Information collected through the Services to show you interest-based advertisements and offers that we think will be more relevant to your preferences and behaviors. Cookies enable us to personalize these advertisements and track their frequency and placement.
Although most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, you can generally find a “help” section on the browser toolbar that will inform you how to configure your browser settings to warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or to reject cookies entirely. If you disable cookies, however, you will not have access to many features that make your interactions with the Services more efficient and some of the Services’ features may not function properly.
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies. A web beacon (sometimes referred to as a “pixel tag” or a “clear GIF”) is a programming code that can be used to display an image on a website, e-mail, or other communication. Web beacons are typically one-pixel, transparent images and are used to transfer an individual’s unique user identification (often in the form of a cookie) to a database in order to associate that individual with previously acquired information about him/her in a database. They allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that accesses the website on which the beacon appears, the URL of such a website, the time that such a website was viewed, the type of browser used to view such a website, and the information contained in any cookies set by the third party.
We may use web beacons and other similar tracking technologies to help us better manage content on the Services by informing us what content is effective. For example, web beacons allow us to measure the success of our marketing campaigns by providing insight into the actions taken by users of the Services (e.g., compiling statistics about the rate at which certain marketing e-mails are opened by their intended recipients). These technologies may also be used to help us remember who you are and track your account preferences.
Log Files. As is true of most online services, we automatically collect and store certain Other Information in our server log files each time a user accesses the Services. This information may include, for example: computer or device IP address, Internet browser type, Internet Service Provider (“ISP”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click stream data. We use this information for purposes such as: analyzing trends, administering the Services, tracking user activities on the Services, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole.
Information You Provide. We collect Other Information that you choose to voluntarily provide to us through the Services. For example, you may have the opportunity to submit your location or indicate your preferred means of communication with MyLife. Unless combined with Personal Information, the Other Information you may provide to us generally does not identify you or any other user of the Services as a particular individual.
 
Interest-Based Advertising and Third Parties
MyLife has relationships with certain third-party service providers who place advertisements on our behalf on other websites, perform tracking and other similar functions for the Services and our advertisements, and assist us in providing you with customer support. We may share information with these companies in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy. In addition, they may automatically collect information about your interaction with the Services (e.g., IP address, Internet browser type, online activity, etc.) through the use of tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons. Among other things, this information is typically used to present you with advertisements tailored to your interests and better understand how the Services are being used.
 
Third-Party Websites and Services
 
USE OF YOUR INFORMATION BY MYLIFE
MyLife uses the information we collect about you through the Services (including Personal Information) in order to, among other things:
Confirm and complete the transactions you request;
Operate, monitor, manage, improve, and expand the Services and/or our business activities;
Provide you with customer service support and other requested information or services;
Respond to your inquiries and resolve your problems or disputes;
Develop, enhance, and market our products and services or the products and services of third parties;
Communicate with you about your interactions with the Services and your MyLife account;
Provide you with promotional offers, administrative materials, and other related content (including interest-based advertising);
Personalize your content and experiences on the Services;
Allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, or promotions upon your request (note that these activities may be sponsored by third parties and additional rules or disclosures may apply to the treatment of your Personal Information — we encourage you to carefully read the terms and conditions applicable to any sweepstakes, contests, or promotions prior to enrolling);
Facilitate social sharing, messaging, or other similar functionalities on the Services;
Protect the rights or property of MyLife or third parties (including through the enforcement of this Policy, the User Agreement , and other applicable agreements and policies); and
Comply with legal or other regulatory requirements.
We may also use your Personal Information for other purposes when you provide us with prior consent to use your information in such a manner. For example, we may use Personal Information in accordance with disclosures made available to you when you submit that information through the Services, or as otherwise disclosed in this Policy.
 
SHARING YOUR INFORMATION WITH OTHER COMPANIES
We may share the Personal Information that is collected on or through the Services with third parties under certain circumstances, including the following:
Authorized Disclosures. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties when you consent to a particular disclosure of your Personal Information. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to co-register with select third-party partners when you become a Member, and we will share your Personal Information with our co-registration partners if you choose to co-register with them. Likewise, we may share Personal Information with our third-party co-marketing partners if we believe they have an offer that would be of interest to you and you have provided us with consent to do so. It is important to note that once we share your information with another company, that information becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices.
Compelled Disclosures. On rare occasions, we may share your Personal Information when we reasonably believe that we are compelled to do so by government authorities or as otherwise required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations (e.g., pursuant to law enforcement inquiries, subpoenas, court orders, etc.). MyLife may also share your Personal Information with third parties if we believe in good faith that disclosure is appropriate to protect our rights, property, or safety (including the enforcement of this Policy, the User Agreement and any other applicable agreements and policies), or to protect the rights, property, or safety of third parties.
Agents & Service Providers. MyLife may disclose Personal Information to our trusted agents and service providers so that they can perform requested services on our behalf. For example, we may engage third parties to assist with: website hosting, data analysis, marketing efforts, payment processing, order fulfillment, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, e-mail delivery, credit card processing, auditing, and other similar services. These entities are generally prohibited from using such information for purposes unrelated to providing MyLife with the requested services (e.g., using your Personal Information for their own direct marketing purposes).
Change of Control Transactions. In the event that we file for bankruptcy, or MyLife is (or substantially all of its assets are) acquired by a third party pursuant to an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, liquidation, or similar business transfer, the Personal Information stored in our databases may be one of the transferred assets.
Messaging & Social Sharing. We may disclose your Personal Information to identify you to anyone to whom you choose to send messages through the Services (e.g., contacts that you invite to join the Services through our e-mail integration feature). In addition, if you choose to engage in social sharing activity (e.g., linking your social media account to your account on the Services), we may disclose your Personal Information to friends and contacts associated with your social media account, other website users, and your social media account provider. By linking your MyLife account and your social media account, you authorize us to share information with your social media account provider and acknowledge and agree that the shared information will be governed by the applicable third party’s privacy policy. Please do not connect your social media account with your MyLife account or otherwise engage in social sharing on the Services if you would prefer that your Personal Information not be disclosed in this manner.
Public Submissions. Information and materials you submit to public areas of the Services (e.g., message boards, profile pages, blogs, forums, etc.) will become public information that may be available to users of the Services and to the general public. For example, if you create, claim, or register a Public Profile through the Services, the information associated with your Public Profile (including Personal Information) may be disclosed to Members and non-Members through the Services, as well as through third-party search engines and similar online services. We urge you to be careful when deciding to make Personal Information publicly accessible on the Internet, including through the public portions of the Services. Your submissions are subject to our User Agreement
Who’s Searching for You®. If you search for another person while logged into the Services, we may share your search with third parties via our Who’s Searching for You® feature. This functionality allows MyLife to notify Members whenever a people search is submitted through the Services for somebody with a matching name, as well as who was responsible for initiating the search in question. MyLife may also notify Members in a similar manner if their profiles have been viewed by somebody while logged into the Services. If you do not want your search(es) to be made public, you can delete it anytime from the saved searches page. Once the search is deleted, Members will not be notified or see your search(es).
Non-Personal Information. MyLife may collect, use, and share Other Information in any manner not otherwise prohibited by this Policy, without additional notice or compensation to you.
 
YOUR CHOICES AND CONTROLS
 
Profile Information
Members who are interested in accessing, correcting, or updating the Personal Information in their Member Profiles (including any information populated via social sharing functionality) can generally do so at any time through the Services.
MyLife also offers non-Members the ability to access, correct, or update the Personal Information in their Public Profiles by first claiming or registering the Public Profile in question through the Services’ Public Profile claiming feature. This feature enables individuals to take control of their Public Profiles by reasonably verifying their identity to MyLife. For example, you can answer a few simple questions or provide us with a valid credit card to confirm your name and address (note that your credit card will not be charged during this process). Once it has been successfully claimed, a Public Profile can be edited or updated — including the fields of data that are displayed. Additional details regarding how to claim a Public Profile, as well as answers to commonly asked questions (e.g., what to do if information is inaccurate), can be found in the HELP section.
 
Postings
 
Communication Preferences
If you elect to register for the Services and become a Member, we and our partners may contact you with promotional offers and other similar correspondences. MyLife provides Members with the ability to change their communication preferences at any time. Among other things, you may use this option to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails or postal mail from us and our partners.
In addition to such promotional e-mails, MyLife offers all Members access to e-mail newsletters and e-mail updates (e.g., announcing special offers, new features on the Services, account activity, etc.) upon registration for the Services. These communications may contain material is promotional in nature, including offers from our marketing partners. Members can opt-out of receiving e-mail newsletters or updates that may contain promotional material by following the “unsubscribe” procedures at the bottom of the relevant communication. Alternatively, you may change your notification settings by or visiting the “Email Notification Settings” page.
Please note that MyLife reserves the right to contact you with transactional e-mails containing important information relating to your MyLife account or the Services (e.g., renewal notifications, general system or administrative messages, address confirmations, payment receipts, etc.) without offering you the opportunity to opt-out. Thus, even if you elect to unsubscribe from any promotional e-mails and promotionally-oriented newsletters or e-mail updates, you may continue to receive customary business communications from MyLife.
 
Referral Information
 
DATA SECURITY, INTEGRITY, AND RETENTION
Information collected through the Services is submitted to MyLife and/or our service providers, and is hosted and stored by us (or by service providers on our behalf) in databases on servers situated in the U.S. and/or internationally. By providing us with information through the Services, you consent to the processing of such information in any and all such locations, including the U.S., which may have different data protection laws than those of your country of residence.
Your privacy is very important to MyLife and we are committed to protecting your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. To this end, we have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable industry standards. This includes our practice of encrypting sensitive information submitted through the Services (e.g., credit card information provided on our order forms) with secure socket layer (“SSL”) technology.
It is your responsibility to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password on the Services. You are responsible for all uses of your password, whether or not such use has been authorized by you. If you become aware of any unauthorized use of your MyLife account, visit our HELP section or contact Customer Care toll-free at (888) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST immediately.
 
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
MyLife understands the importance of protecting children’s privacy in the interactive world. We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent. If you are a child under 13 years of age, please do not send any information about yourself to us through the Services. The Services are not intended for use by children.
 
POLICY UPDATES
We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. The most recent version of the Policy will always be posted to the Services. If we do make any changes, we will also update the “Effective Date” legend at the top of this Policy and we may provide you with other forms of notice as well. We encourage you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information through the Services.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
When you register with us and use the Application, you generally provide the following:
• First and last name
 
 
 
 
Please note that if you choose to provide us with personal information relating to other people, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Policy.  You should also be aware that any personal information you submit through public areas of the MyLife’s services (e.g., blogs, forums, people search pages, etc.) (“Services”) can be viewed, collected, and possibly used by others, both on the Services (e.g., to send you unsolicited messages) and potentially on third-party services to the extent permissible under this Policy.  We encourage Members and non-Members to refrain from disclosing personal information within such public areas of the Services that they do not wish to share.  If you would like additional details regarding the areas of the Services that may be publicly accessible, please do not hesitate to contact Customer Care toll-free at (888) 704-1900 Mon-Fri 6am-9pm PST or visit the HELP section of the Application.
 
 
 
 
 
We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information:
•  As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
•  When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
•  With our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
CONTACT US
 
907 Westwood Blvd. (#359)
Los Angeles, CA 90024-2905
 
 
© Copyright 2013, Pioneer. Created by Themeapt .
