Important Information
Thank you for visiting KnowBe4.com, kb4compliance.com, hackbusters.com, and all of their subdomains and aliases (collectively, the “Website” or “Site”). This Privacy Policy tells you how KnowBe4, Inc. (“KnowBe4”, “we” “our” or “us”) uses Personal Information collected at this Site.
We at KnowBe4 are committed to protecting your privacy. The privacy practices set forth in this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are for websites owned by KnowBe4. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
By using this Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. We may make changes to this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion at any time. If you do not agree with the data practices provided in the Privacy Policy, you should not use the websites owned by KnowBe4. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes to the Privacy Policy is deemed to be acceptance of those changes.
 Our Privacy Policy details:
Your right to access your Personal Information
How the information is used
The use of cookies and other related technologies
 
Personal Information
“Personal Information” is personally identifiable information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, and email address. In scope of the services provided, the personal data that is generally collected is first name, last name, and business email address. We will not use information stored in our products and services for direct marketing.
Visiting Our Website
You are free to browse our Website without providing Personal Information. We do, however, collect Personal Information when you use one of our submission forms or subscribe to our informational newsletters and products and services updates.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
When you voluntarily submit information through our submission forms, you are submitting Personal Information. This may include names, email addresses, phone numbers, city, state, country and company information. When submitting Personal Information through our submission form, you expressly consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Other information we collect includes public information that is available on the internet or other information that we obtain from service providers.
You also may provide information to be published or displayed on public areas of the Website or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (“User Contributions”). Your User Contributions are posted and transmitted to others at your own risk. Although we limit access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.  
If you contact us via email, we will collect your name and email address as well as any other information in the body of the email in order to provide a prompt response.
Visitors under the age of 16.
  
Cookies & Related Technologies
This Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology is useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal Information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology. However, if you previously provided Personal Information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Pages of our Website may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gif, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain Website content and verifying system and server integrity).
Advertising
One of the third-party vendors we use for the tracking and collection of the Site's visitor information is AdRoll. AdRoll uses cookies, tracking pixels and related technologies to identify your device when you move between different websites and applications to provide targeted advertising on other sites or applications based on your online activity. To opt-out of AdRoll from receiving targeted advertisements, you may visit the NAI website opt-out page here:  http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/  or the DAA opt-out page here:  http://www.aboutads.info/  or, for EU users, the EDAA opt-out page here:  http://youronlinechoices.eu/ . 
We also use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) to collect information relating to your use of the Site. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users are interacting with the Website and provide you the most relevant content. For more information on Google Analytics, please visit Google’s website and their various pages describing Google Analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html .
If you would like more information on the technologies that we use on our Website, please contact privacymanager@knowbe4.com.
Legitimate Interests
KnowBe4 may process your Personal Information for our legitimate business purposes. We make efforts to consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative), and your rights under applicable data protection laws.
Legitimate business purpose may include all or some of the following reasons or circumstances: (1) to improve our services; (2) to better understand how you interact with our Website; (2) to provide digital marketing communications (like our newsletters); or (4) to investigate fraud or for other legal purposes.
Distribution of Information
KnowBe4 reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information under the following conditions: (1) when permitted or required by law; (2) when trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or (3) when investigating fraud which has already taken place. The information is not provided to these companies for marketing purposes.
We ask that you do not use our Website or services for any means that are deceptive, malicious, or with the intention to abuse or misuse any computer system, organization, or natural person. Use of our Website or services for any of the purposes outlined in this paragraph are strictly prohibited.
Selling of Personal Information
Third Parties
 
Commitment to Data Security
Your Personal Information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents, and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
 
Opt Out
You may opt-out from any future communications from us by clicking the unsubscribe link in an email or by emailing us at privacymanager@knowbe4.com .
Changes to Personal Information
Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. Upon verification, if you choose, you may exercise your right to request KnowBe4 to delete your Personal Information stored in our databases. Note that there may be specific circumstances in which we cannot delete your Personal Information. When we delete your Personal Information, it will be erased from our records. However, the Personal Information may still be archived in our backups in accordance with our retention policies.
 
Retention of Personal Data
KnowBe4 will retain your Personal Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purpose outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required by applicable data privacy law.
Accuracy
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is accurate, complete, current and otherwise reliable for its intended use.
Enforcement
 
EU-U.S. and Swiss Privacy Shield Framework
KnowBe4, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively.  KnowBe4, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit  https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
KnowBe4, Inc. is responsible for processing of the personal data that it receives, under the Privacy Shield framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. KnowBe4, Inc. complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, KnowBe4, Inc. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, KnowBe4, Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, KnowBe4 commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact KnowBe4 at:  privacymanager@KnowBe4.com
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website ( https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint ), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Requests can be made once a year and are free of charge.
In the body of your request we ask you to include a valid California address and the website or business to which your request pertains. To make such a request, please send an email to privacymanager@knowbe4.com
CANSPAM
KnowBe4 agrees to act in compliance with the United States CANSPAM Act. In order to comply, we have taken appropriate measures for our commercial electronic messages (including emails). You can learn more about the CANSPAM act by visiting the FTC official website by following this link https://www.ftc.gov/
PIPEDA and Canadian Anti-Spam Legislation (CASL)
 
Contact Us
If you or a member of your organization have any questions in regard to this Privacy Policy, you may contact KnowBe4 in the following ways:
By sending us an email at privacymanager@knowbe4.com; or
 
Important Information
 
Privacy Policy Changes
 
Notice
“Personal Information” is personally identifiable information such as your name, address, date of birth, phone number, and email address. In scope of the products and services provided, the personal data that is generally collected is first name, last name, and business email address. We will not use information stored in our products for direct marketing.
Personal Information is collected by KnowBe4 when it is shared by your organization’s admin, or otherwise the account owner (the "Account Owner"), at the discretion of your organization. KnowBe4 collects the minimum information necessary to provide its products and services to you, and the information located in the platform will be uploaded by your "Account Owner".
Our products and services are not directed at, or intended by use by, minors under the age of 18. Therefore, you hereby represent and warrant that you will not share or disclose such data to KnowBe4 unless expressly agreed to in a signed writing by an authorized representative of KnowBe4.
Use of Cookies on Our Platform
KnowBe4 uses cookies when users are interacting with our products and services. Cookies are a small text files that are placed on your computer by a website. Each one of these cookies may contain an identification number, IP address, and the last time accessed. KnowBe4’s products and services do NOT use these cookies for targeted advertising.
Below are the two types of cookies that are used on KnowBe4’s platform for its products and services:
Session based cookies – These are only used to determine how long you remain on the Platform and immediately expire when you leave our Platform or logout.
Support cookies – These cookies allow us to track onboarding times and other metadata to provide better products and services to our users.
Most browsers are set up to accept cookies. If you choose, you may refuse to accept cookies or select that your browser notifies you when you receive a cookie.
Protected Health Information (PHI), Payment Card Information (PCI) and other Sensitive Information
You should never disclose, or allow to be disclosed, PHI, PCI, or other sensitive information to KnowBe4. In the event that a user discloses such information (which would be a violation of this Privacy Policy), you, on behalf of your organization, acknowledge that KnowBe4 does not take steps to ensure its products are compliant with HIPAA or PCI. All obligations of the aforementioned regulations remain solely with you, on behalf of your organization.
Email
 
Choice
An Account Owner is the data subject responsible for owning the product or service and delivering said service to members of his/her respective organization. When you or your Account Owner uploads information (such as emails) into our products and services, you and/or the Account Order acknowledge that it has been done in the discretion of the organization in which you or your Account Owner represent. In this scenario, the Account Owner’s organization is the “controller” of the Personal Information and KnowBe4 is acting as a “processor” of the Personal Information. KnowBe4 is legally bound by our Terms of Service and/or Master Services Agreements and/or Data Processing Agreements to only process that data in scope of what is stated in the agreement(s). If you have any detailed questions regarding these agreements, please contact your “Account Owner”.
As an Account Owner, your Personal Information may be used to communicate with you for support purposes or to follow up on requests made by you or by a user and/or data subject.
Subject to legal and contractual requirements, you may refuse our collection of your data or withdraw consent to further collection. Your Personal Information will never be used outside of the scope for which KnowBe4 was contracted.
Opt Out
 
Commitment to Data Security
Your Personal Information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
We (and our third-party service providers) use a variety of industry standard security measures to prevent unauthorized access, use or disclosure of your Personal Information. These security measures consist of, but are not limited to, data encryption and physical security. No method of transmission or method of electronic storage over the internet is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Third Party
 
Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation
KnowBe4 will use commercially reasonable measures to ensure information kept about you is accurate, complete, and current. We will not process Personal Information in a way that is incompatible with the purposes for which it has been collected. If your Personal Information has been disclosed to a third party, and it has been deemed incorrect by you, KnowBe4 will contact the Account Owner and will work with Third Parties (if applicable) to request a correction to the information.
 
Access
 
Enforcement
We ask that you do not use our products and services for any means that are deceptive, malicious, or with the intention to abuse or misuse any computer system, organization, or natural person. Use of our Website or our products and services for any of the purposes outlined in this paragraph are strictly prohibited.
If KnowBe4 obtains knowledge that one of its service Providers or employees is in violation of this Privacy Policy, KnowBe4 will take commercially reasonable steps to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure. As we take data privacy seriously, we agree to make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the proper handling of your Personal Information by our employees and service providers.
EU-U.S. and Swiss Privacy Shield Framework
KnowBe4, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. KnowBe4, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
KnowBe4, Inc. is responsible for processing of the personal data that it receives, under the Privacy Shield framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. KnowBe4, Inc. complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, KnowBe4, Inc. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, KnowBe4, Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, KnowBe4 commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact KnowBe4 at: privacymanager@KnowBe4.com
Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website (https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request
Contact Us
If you or a member of your organization have any questions in regard to this Privacy Policy, you may contact KnowBe4 in the following ways: 
By sending us an email at privacymanager@knowbe4.com; or
By mailing us at KnowBe4, Inc. Suite 1200 33 N. Garden Ave, Clearwater, FL 33755 with attention to Legal.
Terms of Service - August 27, 2018
KnowBe4.com and kb4compliance.com and all of their subdomains and aliases (the “Web Site” or “Web Sites”), are sites owned and operated by KnowBe4, Inc.. (referred to herein as “KnowBe4”, “we”, “us”, “our” and “ours”). The following terms and conditions (the “Terms of Service or Terms of Use”) form a binding agreement between you and us. Unless otherwise indicated, the terms “you”, “your” and “yours” when used in these Terms of Use means any user or visitor of this Web Site.
Agreement
Please read these Terms of Use carefully. Your access to and use of this Web Site and any of the information, materials, data, demos, blogs, products, services and other materials made available on or through this Web Site (collectively, “Materials”) are subject to all applicable laws, rules and regulations and to all of the terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use.
By accessing or using this Web Site, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you are accessing or using this Website on behalf of an entity or business, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to bind such entity or business to these Terms of Use. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms of Use, please exit this Web Site and cease use of all Materials, as you are not permitted to access or use this Web Site or such Materials.
These Terms of Use may be changed by us, in our sole discretion, from time to time with or without notice to you. Any changes or modifications to these Terms of Use will be effective upon posting on the Web Site. You should always review these Terms of Use prior to your access or use of the Web Site or Materials to ensure that you understand the current Terms of Use that apply to your access or use thereof. Your continued use of the Web Site following the posting of any changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. If you cannot access these Terms of Use via the Internet, we can provide a copy of the Terms of Use then in effect by e-mail upon request.
YOUR ACCESS TO THIS WEB SITE (OR PORTIONS THEREOF) AND USE OF ANY MATERIALS (OR PORTIONS THEREOF) IS NOT INTENDED, AND IS PROHIBITED, WHERE SUCH ACCESS OR USE VIOLATES ANY APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES OR REGULATIONS.
Access and Use Restrictions
Access and use of the KnowBe4 products, services, documentation and related materials are solely authorized for the internal business purposes of the organization in which you are a representative of and only for the duration of the term of your subscription or evaluation period. Use of the KnowBe4 products, services, documentation and related materials for analytical or research purposes to be used or disclosed outside of your organization is strictly prohibited. Sharing screenshots, downloads, or other forms of copying, duplicating or replicating the products, services, documentation and other related materials publicly, or otherwise outside of your organization, is strictly prohibited. You are not permitted to access or use any of KnowBe4’s products, services, documentation or other related materials if you are, or the organization in which you represent is, a competitor of KnowBe4. Additionally, you are not authorized to provide, or otherwise send to or communicate, to a competitor of KnowBe4 any information gained by your access and use.
Product & Services Information
All references on this Web Site to information, materials, products and/or services apply to information, materials, products and services available in the countries or jurisdictions specified only with respect to such information, materials, products and/or services only, unless otherwise stated. Nothing in this Web Site constitutes an offer to buy or sell our products or services in any jurisdiction. This Web Site is for information purposes only.
Ownership and Permitted Use of Materials
Unless otherwise indicated and except for materials in the public domain, this Web Site and its design, text, content, files, selection and arrangement of elements, organization, graphics, compilation, translations, digital conversion and other matters related to, and all trademarks, logos, service marks, symbols, trade dress and all Materials provided on or through, this Web Site are protected by all applicable copyright laws, trademark laws and/or international conventions and treaties. All Materials are the exclusive and proprietary property of KnowBe4 and/or its third-party licensors. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
The posting, display or other provision of any Materials on this Web Site shall not constitute a waiver of any right or interest of KnowBe4 and/or its third-party licensors in such Materials. Except as expressly provided herein, nothing contained in these Terms of Use or the Web Site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise any license, interest or right in or to the Materials under any copyright, trademark or proprietary rights of KnowBe4 or of any third party. Further, except as otherwise provided herein, no Materials (or portions thereof) may be used, copied, reproduced, distributed or redistributed, published or republished, downloaded, modified, displayed, posted, broadcasted, imitated, adapted, translated, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, or sold, offered for sale, licensed or sublicensed, reverse engineered, disassembled, decompiled or incorporated into compilations or used in the creation of derivative works, without our express prior written permission or that of the respective third-party owner.
Subject to your compliance with the foregoing, permission is hereby granted to you to the extent necessary for you to lawfully: (a) access this Web Site and/or Materials made available on or through this Web Site; and (b) display, download, archive and print in hard copy portions of this Web Site for your personal, non-commercial and informational use only, provided that, you do not: (a) modify the Materials (or any portion thereof), (b) use the Web Site and/or the Materials in a manner that is fraudulent, libelous, defamatory, tortious, obscene, threatening, abusive, malicious, offensive, hateful, objectionable, constitutes or encourages a criminal offense, violates the rights of another (including, without limitation, any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, privacy, moral or publicity rights or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of others), or otherwise violates or conflicts with these Terms of Use or any applicable law; (c) impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity; (d) use the Web Site to interfere, disrupt or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Materials, other KnowBe4 accounts, any restricted portions of the Web Site or any computer network or equipment; (e) use any manual or automated software, devices or other processes to “crawl” or “spider” any web pages contained in the Web Site (including, without limitation, the use of robots, bots, spiders, scrapers or any other means to extract any Materials or other data from the Web Site); (f) frame or otherwise simulate the appearance or functions of the Web Site (or any portion thereof); and/or (d) remove or alter any copyright, trademark and other proprietary notices and legends contained in the Materials or on the Web Site (and any printouts thereof). The foregoing permission is for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Web Site and enjoy the benefit of the Materials as provided on the Web Site, in the manner permitted by these Terms of Use. We may modify the Materials from time to time, and, you are solely responsible for ensuring that you are using current and permitted Materials only. The foregoing permission terminates automatically if you breach any of these Terms of Use. Upon termination, you must immediately destroy any and all downloaded, archived or printed copies of the Materials, and, if requested by us, certify to us in writing that you have complied with the foregoing.
Violations
It is the policy of KnowBe4 to provide for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of KnowBe4 customers and account holders who repeatedly violate these Terms of Use.
Disclaimer of Endorsement
Any references to business or entities, products, processes, or services, or other organizations or individuals that are included on the Web Site by trade name, trademark or otherwise are provided solely for your information. These references are not intended to reflect the opinions of KnowBe4 concerning the significance, priority or importance to be given the referenced business, entity, product, service, organization or individual. Such references, including any that may relate to our Materials, are not endorsements or approvals by KnowBe4, and should not be quoted or reproduced for the purpose of stating or implying endorsement or approval by KnowBe4.
Minors
This Web Site is a business and commercial site. As such, it is not intended for children or minors. You affirm that you are either more than 18 years of age or possess legal parental or guardian consent and are fully able and competent to enter into and to abide by and comply with these Terms of Use.
User-Generated Content
By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you agree to the terms of our Privacy Policy.
You may from time to time be permitted to post content on the Web Site, submit e-mails or otherwise provide content to us in connection with your use of the Web Site or Materials (“User-Generated Content”). Any communication or material you post on the Web Site or transmit to us over the Internet is, and will be, treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and is and will be solely your responsibility. Upon the transmission of any User-Generated Content to us, you expressly and hereby grant us perpetual, worldwide, royalty-free, irrevocable, transferable, sublicensable and non-exclusive permission to reproduce, display, publish, modify, distribute, disseminate and/or otherwise use or exploit such content for any lawful purpose, without compensation, notice or obligation to you, subject to our Privacy Policy. We are not required to use or return any User-Generated Content submitted to us. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all rights, including, but not limited to, copyrights, in and to any such User-Generated Content, that all moral rights in and to any such User-Generated Content have been waived, and that the use of such User-Generated Content as permitted hereunder does not and will not infringe or violate the rights of any third party. All derivative works or other developments arising from or based on User-Generated Content, if created by us, shall be our exclusive property.
The posting or transmittal of any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or violation of any law is strictly prohibited. Under no circumstances shall we be liable for any such material posted or transmitted by you by or through the Web Site.
We reserve the right to monitor your communications with us whether by mail, voice, fax, e-mail or any other form of transmission for the purposes of quality control, security and other business needs.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, all personal data provided to us in connection with your use of this Web Site will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
Statements on Web Site
The documents contained on (or directly accessible from) this Web Site may contain a number of forward-looking statements. Any statements that are not statements of historical fact (including, without limitation, statements to the effect that KnowBe4 or its management “believes,” “expects,” “anticipates,” “plans” and other similar expressions) should be considered forward-looking statements and should not be relied upon.
There are a number of important factors that could cause KnowBe4’s actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such forward-looking statements, including general economic conditions, our continued ability to develop and introduce products, the introduction of new products by competitors, pricing practices of competitors, expansion of its sales distribution capability, the cost and availability of components, undetected software errors or bugs, our ability to control costs and other risk factors.
No Warranties
WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEB SITE OR THE MATERIALS, WHICH ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEB SITE, THE MATERIALS AND ANY WEB SITE WITH WHICH THIS WEBSITE IS LINKED. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR PROVIDING, MAINTAINING AND ENSURING THE COMPATIBILITY OF ALL HARDWARE, SOFTWARE AND OTHER COMPUTER REQUIREMENTS NECESSARY FOR YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE WEBSITE AND THE MATERIALS. WE ALSO MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AS TO WHETHER (A) THE INFORMATION ACCESSIBLE VIA THIS WEB SITE, OR ANY WEB SITE WITH WHICH IT IS LINKED, IS ACCURATE, RELIABLE, COMPLETE, OR CURRENT, (B) USE OF THE WEB SITE AND ACCESS TO THE MATERIALS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, (C) THE WEB SITE AND THE MATERIALS WILL BE AVAILABLE AT ANY PARTICULAR TIME, OR (D) THE WEB SITE AND MATERIALS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. NEITHER WE NOR ANY THIRD-PARTY LICENSOR WILL BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO ANY DECISIONS MADE BY YOU OR ANY OTHER PERSON AS A RESULT OF RELIANCE ON THE WEB SITE OR ANY MATERIALS. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES, THESE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOU ACCEPT THAT OUR SHAREHOLDERS, OWNERS, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES AND OTHER REPRESENTATIVES SHALL HAVE THE BENEFIT OF THIS CLAUSE.
Your use of the Web Site and the Materials is at your sole risk. It is your responsibility to evaluate (or take professional advice on) the accuracy and completeness of all information, statements, opinions and other material on this Web Site or any web site with which it is linked.
Your statutory rights as a consumer, if any, are not affected by these provisions, and we do not seek to exclude or limit liability for fraudulent misrepresentation.
Exclusion of Liability
To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, neither we nor any of our shareholders, officers, directors, representatives, employees, agents, third-party licensors, suppliers, and contractors shall be liable for any losses and/or expenses of whatever nature, howsoever arising and regardless of the legal theory of liability, including, without limitation, any direct, indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, loss of or inability to use, loss of data, loss caused by a virus, loss of income or profit, loss of or damage to property, claims of third parties, or other losses of any kind or character, even if we have been advised of the possibility of such damages, expenses or losses and even if an exclusive remedy provided for herein fails of its essential purpose, arising out of or in connection with your access or use of, or inability to use, this Web Site or the Materials or any web site with which this Web Site is linked. If you are dissatisfied with the Web Site or any Materials, your sole and exclusive remedy shall be to discontinue use of the Web Site and Materials and terminate these Terms of Use in accordance with its terms. To the maximum extent permitted by law, in no event shall KnowBe4’s or any third-party licensor’s total liability to you for damages, losses and causes of action (whether in contract, tort (including, but not limited, to negligence) or otherwise) exceed in the aggregate the amount paid by you, if any, for accessing the Website or Materials.
Indemnity and Release
You agree to defend, indemnify, release and hold us harmless as well as our shareholders, officers, directors, agents, representatives, employees and third-party licensors from any and all claims, liabilities, losses, expenses or demands, including reasonable legal fees, based on, arising from, or otherwise related to (a) your breach or violation of these Terms of Use; (b) your access or use of this Web Site or any of the information, materials, products or services made available on or through this Web Site; (c) any infringement or misappropriation by you of any intellectual property or other rights of KnowBe4 or any third party; or (d) any negligence or willful misconduct by you.
Modification and Discontinuation
We reserve the right at any time and from time to time to modify, edit, delete, suspend or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, this Web Site (or any portion thereof) and/or the information, materials, products and/or services made available on or through this Web Site (or any part thereof) with or without notice. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, editing, deletion, suspension or discontinuance of this Web Site.
Termination and Survival
These Terms of Use will remain in effect until terminated by you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Use at any time by ceasing your use and access of the Web Site and Materials and by destroying all materials that you have saved, printed or downloaded from the Web Site. Notwithstanding any of the terms and conditions contained herein, we reserve the right, without notice and in our sole discretion, to terminate your permission to use the Web Site, and to block or prevent future access to and use of the Web Site and Materials. The provisions of these Terms of Use that by their nature and content are intended to survive the expiration or termination of these Terms of Use will survive such termination or expiration.
Entire Understanding
These Terms of Use contain the entire understanding between you and KnowBe4 with respect to this Web Site and your use and access of this Web Site and of any of the information, materials, data, demos, blogs, products, services and other materials made available on or through this Web Site. Any other representations, statements, inducements, understandings, arrangements and agreements, oral or written, between you and KnowBe4, either prior or contemporaneous, relating thereto, not contained herein, are expressly made null and void, unless signed in writing by KnowBe4. For the avoidance of doubt, you agree that any terms and conditions provided in any Service Order or other document delivered to KnowBe4 by you in connection with the Services shall in no way supersede the terms and conditions of this Agreement and are hereby declared null and void, unless signed in writing by KnowBe4. Should there be a conflict between these Terms of Use and any written and signed agreement between KnowBe4 and any customer, the terms of such written and signed agreement shall control. Should any part of these terms for any reason be declared invalid, void or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall not affect the validity of any remaining portions and such remaining portions shall remain and continue in full force and effect to the maximum extent permitted by law. Our failure to enforce any provision of these Terms of Use shall not operate as or be deemed a waiver by KnowBe4 of any other breach of any such provision or any other provision herein or of the right to enforce such provision(s).
Applicable Law & Jurisdiction
While KnowBe4 provides global products and services, our operations are located in Clearwater, Florida with AWS data centers geographically spread worldwide, and these Terms of Use are based on United States law. Access to, or use of, this Web Site or any information, materials, products and/or services made available on or through this Web Site may be prohibited by law in certain countries or jurisdictions. You are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable laws of the country from which you are accessing this Web Site. We make no representation that the information contained herein is appropriate or available for use in any location.
You agree that these Terms of Use are made and partially performed in the State of Florida, and that the state courts located within Pinellas County, Florida and the federal district court in the Middle District of Florida located in Tampa, Florida, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to resolve any controversy or claim of whatever nature arising out of or relating to your access and use of this Web Site, and that the laws of the State of Florida shall govern such dispute or claim. You hereby consent and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction over you by such courts for the purposes of litigating any such action, and waive any defenses of lack of minimum contacts or forum non conveniens. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to bring legal proceedings in any jurisdiction where we believe that infringement of these Terms of Use may be taking place or originating.
 
Compliance with EU Protection of Personal Data (Directive 95/46/EC)
KnowBe4 complies with the EU Protection of Personal Data Directive as set forth by the Directive 95/46/EC Article 29 Working Party. KnowBe4 operates a separate instance of its application in an EU datacenter for customers wishing to have their data reside within an EU approved country. Some data subprocessors in use by KnowBe4 only offer services within the US. A listing of these subprocessors can be provided upon signing a mutual non-disclosure agreement. Any requests from users of the KnowBe4 applications who seek access, or who seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data may do so directly by logging in to the appropriate application or by contacting the KnowBe4 application administrator for their organization.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use or any other matter, you may contact us in by writing to us at KnowBe4 Inc., 33 N Garden Ave, Suite 1200, Clearwater, FL 33755 or email us at “support at KnowBe4.com”.
KnowBe4, Inc. EZXploit Feature Service
Agreement - April 12, 2018
This KNOWBE4, Inc. Service Agreement (this "Agreement") is by and between KNOWBE4, Inc. ("KNOWBE4"), and you. This Agreement sets forth the terms and conditions pursuant to which KNOWBE4 provides you with EZXploit functionality, along with all other services for which you subscribe (collectively, "Services").
Term of Agreement.
The term of this Agreement shall begin on the date you order KNOWBE4's EZXploit functionality by entering into a service order, Quote/Order or other similar purchase order (each, a "Service Order"), and shall continue in full force and effect while any such Service Order remains in effect and/or while KNOWBE4 continues to provide you any such Services. 
Your Obligations.
During the term of this Agreement you shall: (a) comply with all state and federal laws, rules, regulation and tariffs regarding any specific applications and use of the KNOWBE4's Services; (b) not create or activate duplicate accounts; (c) pay all sales or use taxes as billed by KNOWBE4; and (d) pay all other local, state or federal taxes arising out of your use of Services (excluding any income taxes) and provide KNOWBE4 with written proof of payment upon request. If you fail to pay any such taxes, KNOWBE4 may at its option, pay the applicable taxes, charges and fees, and you will reimburse KNOWBE4 for those payments.
Your Payment Obligations.
You shall be billed the fees for KNOWBE4's Services based on the payment option set forth in the Service Order or otherwise approved at the time of your initial on-line sign up with KNOWBE4. If your credit card is not valid, in the event you are paying by credit card, or if payment is not made for any reason, then you will be considered in default under this Agreement. If any payment due to KNOWBE4 under this Agreement is not paid when due, then, in addition to any accrued and unpaid fees, you shall pay interest on the past due amount on a daily basis from the due date until the date paid at a rate equal to the lesser of 1.5% per month or the maximum rate allowed by law. You shall also pay KNOWBE4 all collection expenses incurred by KNOWBE4, including costs and reasonable attorneys' fees, whether or not KNOWBE4 is required to commence formal legal action under this Agreement.
Terms and Conditions for KNOWBE4 EZXploit functionality.
The following terms and conditions shall apply only to the extent you, as part of the Services, subscribe to KNOWBE4's EZXploit functionality. In such an event, you must comply with the following additional terms and conditions:
Authorization to Perform EZXploit scans. You authorize and grant access to KNOWBE4 to perform the EZXploit scans on your computer systems. You are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with any applicable laws and regulations relating to the EZXploit functionality.
Scans may be performed by KNOWBE4 to gather data from any workstation in your organization where a user clicks through a social engineering test. Scans may cause malfunctions or crashes of that computer system. As a result, you acknowledge that these scans pose certain risks to your computer system. YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY COSTS, DAMAGES, OR EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH THESE RISKS AND HOLD KNOWBE4 HARMLESS WITH RESPECT TO SUCH COSTS, DAMAGES, OR EXPENSES.
Without limiting the foregoing, you agree to the following: (i) possible generation of log messages (causing log file disk space usage); (ii) temporary degradation of the performance of your computer system, routers, and/or firewalls; (iii) temporary hanging or crashing of your computer system; (iv) your sole liability for any and all risks, including the consequences of a system failure, caused by KNOWBE4's scans; (v) the triggering of your computer system's alarms during the scans; (vi) the interception of your computer system's Internet traffic during the scans; and (vii) the waiving of any service level agreement rights or remedies during the scans.
You further represent that you have all Necessary Consents and Third Party Consents (as defined in Section 6(d) below) to permit KNOWBE4 to perform the scans.
Third Party Consents. If the computer system to be tested by KNOWBE4 is owned by a third party, then you agree, prior to the commencement of such Services by KNOWBE4, to do the following:
obtain a signed consent from the third party owner authorizing KNOWBE4's scan of their computer system and their acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement (the "Third Party Consents");
obtain and ensure the third party owner's compliance with all of KNOWBE4's requests for information;
immediately inform KNOWBE4 of any change in ownership of any computer system identified by the IP addresses provided to KNOWBE4 by you for the scan; and
be solely responsible for communicating any risks, exposures, and vulnerabilities uncovered on the scanned computer systems to the third party owner, and ensure that the third party owner takes all appropriate actions.
No Responsibility for Repair. Upon completion of a scan, KNOWBE4 shall have no responsibility to take any actions to repair or correct any security risks, exposures, or vulnerabilities of the IP Addresses provided by you. You shall be solely responsible for taking all appropriate actions to ensure the protection of the device involved.
System Security. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the security and confidentiality of any and all hardware and software systems and their elements. Your responsibility for such security shall include, without limitation, the obligation to protect your hardware and software systems from all natural threats, forced entry, viruses, acts of violence, acts of terrorism, and internal sabotage.
Delivery of Services. KNOWBE4 is only obligated to deliver Services during the terms as outlined in the Service Order.
       5. TERMINATION.
This EZXploit scanning feature is part of your subscription to the full KnowBe4 service plan and will co-terminate with your current subscription, and has the same terms and conditions as your current agreement with KnowBe4.
WARRANTIES.
KNOWBE4 warrants solely to you that (a) KNOWBE4 has the right and authority to enter into this Agreement and provide the Services to you as described in this Agreement and each Service Order; and (b) the Services will be performed in a timely, competent and professional manner in accordance with industry standards.
EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THIS THIS SECTION 6, KNOWBE4'S SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS," WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NONINFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY, FREEDOM FROM ERRORS, VIRUSES, BUGS, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, ANY WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY OR FUNCTIONALITY OF KNOWBE4'S SERVICES OR ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED FROM OR PROVIDED BY KNOWBE4 OR THAT KNOWBE4'S SERVICES WILL BE ERROR FREE. KNOWBE4 DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE QUALITY OR CONDITION OF KNOWBE4'S SERVICE AND DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT KNOWBE4'S SERVICES WILL BE AVAILABLE ONE HUNDRED PERCENT (100%) OF THE TIME.
LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY; DISCLAIMERS.
YOU AGREE NOT TO HOLD KNOWBE4 LIABLE FOR ANY LOSSES RESULTING FROM KNOWBE4'S SERVICES NOT BEING AVAILABLE. FURTHERMORE, KNOWBE4 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE RESULTING FROM YOUR RELIANCE ON INFORMATION OR ALERTS PROVIDED BY KNOWBE4.
NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY SERVICE ORDER TO THE CONTRARY, KNOWBE4 SHALL IN NO EVENT BE RESPONSIBLE TO, OR LIABLE TO, YOU, OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUE OR BUSINESS. FURTHER, AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, KNOWBE4 SHALL IN NO EVENT BE RESPONSIBLE TO, OR LIABLE TO, YOU, OR ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM: (I) YOUR BREACH OR VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT; (II) YOUR ACCESS AND USE OF KNOWBE4.COM Sites; (III) YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE KNOWBE4.COM Sites FOR ANY REASON; OR (IV) YOUR RELIANCE OR USE OF KNOWBE4'S SERVICES, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT SUCH DAMAGES AROSE AS A DIRECT RESULT OF KNOWBE4'S BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT.
YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT KNOWBE4 SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY MONETARY DAMAGES IN EXCESS OF THE LESSER OF: (1) FEES PAID TO KNOWBE4 BY YOU DURING THE PRECEDING TWELVE (12) MONTHS; OR (2) ACTUAL DIRECT DAMAGES SUFFERED BY YOU. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TECHNOLOGICAL INNOVATION, CONFIGURATION CHANGES, SOFTWARE UPGRADES, AND ROUTINE MAINTENANCE, AMONG OTHER PROCEDURES NECESSARY TO SERVICE AND UPDATE A COMPUTER SYSTEM, MAY CAUSE OR LEAD TO NEW AND UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY RISKS. KNOWBE4'S PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DOES NOT ENSURE PROTECTION FROM ANY OF THESE NEW AND UNIDENTIFIED SECURITY RISKS. FURTHERMORE, COMPUTER HACKERS AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES ACTING IN VIOLATION OF FEDERAL, STATE, AND FOREIGN LAWS INCREASINGLY USE HIGHLY SOPHISTICATED TECHNIQUES AND TOOLS TO DISRUPT OR HARM COMPUTER SYSTEMS, RESULTING IN REGULARLY CHANGING THREATS AND CHALLENGES TO COMPUTER SYSTEMS, FROM WHICH KNOWBE4'S PERFORMANCE OF SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT GUARANTEE PROTECTION.
YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECURITY OF YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM. KNOWBE4'S PERFORMANCE OF ANY SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL NOT CONSTITUTE A REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY BY KNOWBE4 REGARDING THE SECURITY OF YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY REGARDING YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM'S PROTECTION AGAINST INTRUSIONS, VIRUSES, VIRUS THREATS, OR ANY OTHER SECURITY THREATS.
Your Indemnification of KNOWBE4.
You shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless KNOWBE4 and its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, independent contractors, agents, representatives, affiliates, successors and assigns (collectively, the "KNOWBE4 Indemnified Parties") from and against all claims and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys' fees, arising out of, or attributable to: (i) any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in this Agreement or any Service Order by you; (ii) your failure to provide accurate, complete and current personal information requested pursuant to registration, if required; (iii) your access or use of KNOWBE4's Services; (iv) you or your designees access or use of KNOWBE4.COM Sites under any e-mail address, username or password that may be issued to you; and/or (v) any third party claims brought against KNOWBE4 or its officers, directors, equity holders, employees, agents, or representatives arising out of (a) scans of the IP Addresses provided by you; (b) KNOWBE4's disclosure of the test results to you; (c) any of the risks described in this Agreement as being associated with the Services, and/or (d) your use or disclosure of the test results. Your indemnification obligations shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous.
Intellectual Property. You acknowledge and agree that all ownership and proprietary rights to KNOWBE4's Services and to any inventions, innovations or ideas developed in connection with or relating to its Services (including, without limitation, any software, algorithms, processes and other underlying technology) and the contents thereof and all related intellectual property are and shall remain the sole and exclusive property of KNOWBE4. You will not remove or alter any copyright notices appearing on KNOWBE4's Web site or in any other copyrighted work of KNOWBE4. You shall promptly advise KNOWBE4 of any possible infringement of which you become aware of concerning any of KNOWBE4's trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, patents or other proprietary rights, or any misuse of the Services.
Amendments. The provisions of this Agreement may not be amended, supplemented, waived or changed orally, but only by a writing signed by the party as to whom enforcement of any such amendment, supplement, waiver or modification is sought and making specific reference to this Agreement.
Neither party shall assign any of its rights, obligations, or responsibilities under this Agreement or any Service Order without the prior written consent of the other party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, provided, however, that KNOWBE4 party may engage contractors to perform certain obligations to be performed by it without notice or consent, provided that KNOWBE4 shall be solely responsible for any such obligations performed by such contractors and further provided that either party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement without consent to a third party acquiring all or substantially all of such party’s stock or assets. All terms and conditions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their successors and authorized assignees.
Force Majeure. Neither party shall be liable nor deemed in default under this Agreement for any failure to perform or delay in performing any of its obligations hereunder due to or arising out of any act not within its control, including, without limitation, acts of God, strikes, lockouts or other industrial disputes, war, riots, lightening, fire, storm, flood, explosion, interruption or delay in transportation or power supply, governmental laws, regulations or other restraints, communications systems breakdowns, hardware or software failures, inability to obtain necessary equipment, materials or services in the open market, or any failure of any supplier to supply or any delay of any supplier in supplying any necessary equipment, materials or services. Neither party's rights under this Agreement shall be affected by its failure to meet, nor any delay in meeting, any condition of this Agreement, where such failure or delay is caused by one of the events referred to above, and all times provided for in this Agreement shall be extended for a period commensurate with the periods of delay.
Preparation of Agreement. This Agreement shall not be construed more strongly against any party regardless of who is responsible for its preparation. The parties acknowledge each contributed and is equally responsible for its preparation.
Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is contrary to, prohibited by or deemed invalid under applicable law or regulation, such provision shall be inapplicable and deemed omitted to the extent so contrary, prohibited or invalid, but the remainder hereof shall not be invalidated thereby and shall be given full force and effect so far as possible. If any provision of this Agreement may be construed in two or more ways, one of which would render the provision invalid or otherwise voidable or unenforceable and another of which would render the provision valid and enforceable, such provision shall have the meaning which renders it valid and enforceable.
The failure or delay of any party at any time to require performance by another party of any provision of this Agreement, even if known, shall not affect the right of such party to require performance of that provision or to exercise any right, power or remedy hereunder. Any waiver by any party of any breach of any provision of this Agreement should not be construed as a waiver of any continuing or succeeding breach of such provision, a waiver of the provision itself, or a waiver of any right, power or remedy under this Agreement. No notice to or demand on any party in any circumstance shall, of itself, entitle such party to any other or further notice or demand in similar or other circumstances.
Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only, are not to be considered a part of the Agreement and shall not limit or otherwise affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.
Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be construed under the laws of the State of Florida, and the parties consent to exclusive jurisdictions and venue in the federal courts sitting in Pinellas, Florida, unless no federal subject matter jurisdiction exists, in which case the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction in the Circuit Courts of Pinellas County or Hillsborough County, Florida. The parties waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non-conveniens. Process may be served on either party in the manner authorized by applicable law or court rule. In any action to enforce any right or remedy under this Agreement or to interpret any provision of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and other expenses.
All notices, demands, requests or other communications which may be or are required to be given, served, or sent by any party to any other party pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be hand delivered, sent by certified mail, return receipt requested, sent by generally-recognized national "overnight" delivery courier service, sent via facsimile, or sent via email with confirmed answer back. KNOWBE4 will address any notices or communications to you to the address specified in your Service Order, as you may update such information from time to time. All notices delivered to KNOWBE4 shall be sent to KnowBe4, Inc. 33 N Garden Ave, Suite 1200, Clearwater, FL 33755. Documents delivered by hand shall be deemed to have been received upon delivery; documents sent by email shall be deemed to have been received when the answer back is received; documents sent by certified mail, courier service or fax shall be deemed to have been received upon their receipt, or at such time as delivery is refused by the addressee upon presentation.
The following Sections of this Agreement shall survive the termination of the Term: Sections 2 (to the extent payments are due after termination) and 5 through 12.
Entire Agreement. This Agreement and each Service Order either created by or signed by KnowBe4 represent the entire understanding and agreement between you and KnowBe4 with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all other negotiations, understandings and representations (if any) made by and between you and KnowBe4. Should any Service Order conflict with the terms of this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will control. For the avoidance of doubt, you agree that any terms and conditions provided in any Service Order or other document delivered to KnowBe4 by you in connection with the Services shall in no way supersede the terms and conditions of this Agreement and are hereby declared null and void, unless signed in writing by KnowBe4. Any other agreements of any nature whether oral or written not contained herein are expressly made null and void, unless signed in writing by KnowBe4.
Cookie Notice - April 12, 2018
Anytime you see the word "cookie" you may think something along the chocolate chip variety and we don't blame you! However, the cookies we are talking about are computer cookies, more formally known as HTTP cookies, web cookies and internet cookies. Anytime that you visit a website, the website sends the cookie to your computer and it stores a small text file inside of your web browser. We are able to use these cookies to identify your device as you browse through our website or when you return as a visitor to our site. This helps navigating and interacting with our Site and KB4 account portal more efficient, easy and meaningful.
KnowBe4 uses cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixels, gifs and web beacons. These help us identify you and your interests, remember your preferences, and track your use of our Sites. We also use Cookies and Tracking Technologies to control access to certain content on our Sites, protect our Sites, and to process any requests that you make. 
You can turn off your web browsers ability to accept cookies. However, if you do that, certain parts of the KB4 Site or console portal may not work for you.
First and Third Party Cookies.
"First Party Cookies" are cookies that belong to KnowBe4 and that we place on your device. "Third Party Cookies" are cookies that another party places on your device through our site. KnowBe4 may contract with a third-party service to help us send e-mails or other information to users who have provided their contact information. To measure the effectiveness of these services, our service providers may place Cookies on the devices of those users.
Below are some cookie classifications:
Cookies
Description
Strictly Necessary
means the cookies are essential for the provision of the site and any requested services, but do not perform any additional or secondary function.
Performance Cookies
are those that provide statistical information on site usage, i.e. web analytics.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow the provision of enhanced functionality and personalization, such as videos and live chat. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these functions may not work properly.
Targeting/Advertising Cookies
 
Web beacons
Web beacons and embedded scripts are other technologies that we use in our websites, as well as in some of our emails and ads.
Web beacons (or “tags”) are bits of programming code included in web pages, emails, and ads that notify Adobe (or the companies that help us run our business) when those web pages, emails, or ads have been viewed or clicked on.
Opting Out of 
If you would not like to have cookies read or dropped on your devices, you can adjust the setting on your web browser to reject the setting of some or all of the Cookies and to alert you when a cookie has been dropped into your web browser. For further information on how to do so, please refer to your browsers help tool or see www.allaboutcookies.org . Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites. You may also learn more at www.youronlinechoices.eu .
Contact Us
If you have any questions please contact us at privacymanager@knowbe4.com
Other helpful resources
To learn more about the use of cookies please follow these links:
Subscribe to CyberheistNews
