Select a Hotel
Select Time
Select Time 12:00 PM 12:30 PM 01:00 PM 01:30 PM 02:00 PM 02:30 PM 03:00 PM 03:30 PM 07:00 PM 07:30 PM 08:00 PM 08:30 PM 09:00 PM 09:30 PM 10:00 PM 10:30 PM
Guests
2
Thank you for contacting us. We will answer you shortly.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
In order to show ourselves to our users in a transparent manner, as well as to comply with current legislation on data protection, ALMANAC HOTELS GmbH details in this PRIVACY POLICY the treatment of your personal data.
The use of this website, social networks, apps and their forms, requires acceptance of the processing of user data in accordance with this privacy policy, including the collection of access data and the sending of commercial information electronically.
Data controller and contact information
The data controller is: ALMANAC HOTELS GmbH
Address: Gutheil Schoder Gasse 7a 1100 Wien, Austria
Contact data: 930 187 000 email marketing.barcelona@almanachotels.com
Purpose of the data processing
Data is processed with the aim of providing access to the online contents of the web as well as fullfill the requests from the users, keep a record of visits for statistical purposes (IP addresses, browser type, country, page accessed, etc. ), to apply measures aimed at the security of the web, and, to deliver commercial information by electronic means about our products and services.
When the user fills any of our forms it will be necessary to provide certain personal data, and it will be processed to carry out the user's request.
Legitimacy
The data is processed in base of the consent of the user, compliance with legal obligations, where appropriate for the execution of a contract or pre-contract.
Data recipients and transfers
Recipients: ALMANAC group companies.
International data transfer to hosting providers outside the EEA. This website is hosted at a TravelCLICK Inc. company located outside the European Economic Area. For this reason, the use of the website and its forms, requires the user to expressly accept the underlying international data transfer. The user who does not accept will not use this website.
Data retention time
Data will be stored at least during the periods established by the applicable legislation and in any case during the validity of the consent.
People rights
oppose the processing or request its limitation,
withdraw the consent
In orden to exercise your rights, data subjects can contact:
By email, writing to welcome.barcelona@almanachotels.com including in the subject specifying in the subject the "Data Protection"
Writing, to GRAN VÍA HOTEL BARCELONA, S.L, PAU CLARIS, 119 1º 1ª 08009 BARCELONA, SPAIN.
Data subject must attach a photocopy of his ID to the application.
Data subjects have the right to issue a complaint with the Data Protection Control Authorites.
Veracity of data, updating data
The user must fill the forms with real, exact, complete and up-to-date data. The user will not enter data about other people; HOTEL ALMANAC BARCELONA will presume that the data has been entered by the data subject him or herself. The user will be the only responsible for any harm or damage, direct or indirectly caused to another individual, derived from providing false, inexact, incomplete, or outdated data or data referring to another person.
The user must communicate any changes in the provided data in order to keep it up-to-date.
Information security
ALMANAC HOTELS has taken all the measures required by law to protect personal data; likewise, ALMANAC HOTELS has adopted the technical measures available to prevent data loss, unfair use, alteration, unauthorized access or data theft. Nevertheless, the user will take into account that security measures in Internet are not completely unbreachable.
Minors
ALMANAC HOTELS forbids the use of this website to individuals under 14 years, unless specific consent has been given by the parents of guardians.
Only adults over 18 years can purchase goods or services on-line.
Minors are not allowed to provide with data about other household members, like the title or job of its parents, economic data, sociological characteristics or any other kind of information, without the consent of the data subjects themselves.
Web analytics
This website deploys web analytics in order to gain some understanding on how user search for, access and navigate it. These analytics can entail the collection of personal data like the user IP address, conection location, browsing software and hardware features, etc. This information is not associated to the user and is exclusively used for statistical analysis.
Use of third-party functions and plug-ins
This website may deploy functions and plug-ins provided by third parties. These functions serve several purposes like:
Third-party web analytics
“Fav”, “Like”, “+1” and similar buttons
A function or plugin provided by a third party establishes a direct connection between the user browser and internet domains owned by the third party, allowing to download and execution of the function.
Most third-party plugins collect information about the websites visited by the user in order to know his or her interests and to provide targeted advertisements.
Use of the Google Analytics function provided by Google, Inc.
This website deploys analytical functions provided by Google Inc (1600 AMPHITHEATRE PARKWAY, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIFORNIA, USA) in order to understand how user search for, access and navigate it. These analytics can entail the collection of user activity tied to his or her IP address. When the user loads this website, the user browser makes a connection to Google domains like google.com in order to record the user access to the website. Google Analytics makes use of permanent cookies to create anonymous analytics about this website, according to Google's privacy policy:  https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en
The user consent for the processing performed by Google is implied from the use of this website.
Use of functions provided by Google, Inc.
This website deploys functions provided by Google Inc (1600 AMPHITHEATRE PARKWAY, MOUNTAIN VIEW, CALIFORNIA, USA) like Youtube videos, maps and social buttons “+1”. These functions can entail the collection of user activity tied to his or her IP address. When the user loads this website, the user browser makes a connection to Google domains like google.com enabling Google to know that the user is accessing the website. Google collects usage data for several purposes including targeted advertisements according to Google's privacy policies http://www.google.es/intl/en/policies/privacy/
 
