About Us:
We are Unreel Entertainment, LLC (“Unreel”, “Us”, “We” or “Our”), a Delaware limited liability company with Our principal office in Foster City, CA.
About the Our Website and Network:
We provide users, fans and creators (“You”, “Your”) access to videos, editorial content and other programming and services via the Unreel website (www.unreel.me), the Unreel mobile applications and/or any other platform or media through which We make such services available from time to time (collectively, the “Services”).
About this Privacy Policy:
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) informs You of Unreel’s policies and practices regarding the collection and use of information You submit directly to Us, or to a third party with which We associate, or which We collect about You through Our Services, and to inform You of options that You may choose to control or restrict the availability and use of Your information. Wherever You reside or from whichever country You submit Your information, You consent to Our use of Your information, consistent with this Privacy Policy, whether in the United States or in other territories where Unreel may provide its Services.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
By accessing the Services, You agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right, in Our sole and absolute discretion, to change, modify add to, supplement or delete any of the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and review, improve, modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services or any content or information through the Services, at any time. We shall endeavor to notify You of these changes by email or by making available the revised version of this Privacy Policy through or in connection with the Services.  You can determine when We last changed this Privacy Policy by referring to the “Last Updated” legend above.  If any future changes to this Privacy Policy are unacceptable to You or cause You to no longer be in compliance with this Privacy Policy, then You must terminate, and immediately stop using the Services.  Your access to or use of the Services following changes to this Privacy Policy shall constitute Your acceptance of those changes and Your consent to Our use of Your information consistent with this Privacy Policy.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any changes to this Privacy Policy shall not apply to any dispute between You and Unreel prior to the date on which We posted the revised version of this Privacy Policy incorporating such changes or otherwise notified You of such changes.
Collecting Information:
Our primary goals in collecting information are to improve Our features and content, to connect You with creators that You may enjoy, and to deliver content, promotions and other material that may be of interest to You.
 
 
 
When You interact with the Services Our servers may automatically record certain “Log Data” (defined below) that Your browser sends whenever You visit a website. “Log Data” is derived by Our servers automatically as You interact with the Services, which record information that Your browser sends whenever You visit a website. Log Data is a form of Non-Identifying Information. This Log Data may include information such as Your computer’s IP (Internet Protocol) address, Your mobile device identifier, the geographic location of the IP address You are using to access the Internet, Your browser type, Your operating system (including whether You are connecting via a mobile device), the time of day of Your access, Your general physical location or Your more specific location if You are connecting through Your mobile device, Your pattern of activity on the website and possibly, the website that You visited immediately prior to Unreel.
Use of Information:
Unreel may use Your Personal Information in some cases in conjunction with Your Non-Identifying Information within the Unreel Network of websites to recommend and deliver to You content, including advertising, based on Your expressed preferences and inferred interests. Log Data is used to monitor and analyze use of the Services, to determine the composition of and engage Our user base, to analyze usage patterns and to serve advertising that We determine is relevant to Our users and their interests. We may use Your e-mail or message address or other contact information that You provide to inform You about developments to Our Services, and to send You newsletters or promotional e-mails about featured content from Unreel and others.
Editing or Deleting Your Information:
When You receive newsletters or promotional communications from Us, You may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from Us and You will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in the e-mail You receive. We may, however, still send You administrative e-mails regarding the Services. If You want to review, update, or correct the Personal Information You have provided to Us, then You may update it through the designated link in the communication You receive from Us, and if You wish to delete all Your information, then You may email Us at support@unreel.me with a request that We delete Your Personal Information from Our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor Your request. We may retain an archived copy of Your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Cookies and Web Beacons:
Cookies are very small text files that are stored on Your computer when You visit certain websites. They are used by web developers to help users navigate their websites efficiently and perform certain functions. We, or associated advertisers, may use both session cookies (which expire once You close Your browser) or persistent cookies (which remain for a certain period of time unless deleted) to collect certain Non-Identifying Information so that We may deliver to You content, including advertising content, We think may be of interest to You; to remember choices You make in order to improve user experience; and for analytics purposes, to monitor usage of Our website, to reengage users through marketing efforts, and improve user experience. We may collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on Our Services or in Our emails. We use Web beacons, for example, to deliver cookies, understand Your usage and our campaigns and identify if You open and interact with an email. We may collect this information through third party tracking services like Google Analytics.
“Do Not Track” Options:
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset Your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set. Instructions to remove persistent cookies can be found through Your Internet browser. If You wish to opt out of tracking, then You may follow the “Do Not Track” instructions here: http://donottrack.us/. Be aware that if You choose to disable cookies or opt out of tracking, some areas of the Services may not be optimized for Your use, You may not be able to access any or all of the functionality of the Services and Your experience using the Services may not be customized to Your interests.
Information Sharing:
 
 
 
 
 
Retaining Information. Unless there is a specific legal or regulatory requirement for Us to keep information, We will retain it for no longer than is reasonably necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or for which it is to be further processed.
Information Collection and Storage:
Unreel is located in the United States. Accordingly, Personal Information We collect may be transferred to and stored in Our servers or those of third parties that act on Our behalf (such as hosting providers) in the United States.
Information Security:
You should be aware that while We take reasonable measures to maintain the security of Your Personal Information, We are not able to fully eliminate all security risks or potential breaches.
Children and Minors:
Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use the Services. We do not knowingly gather Personal Information about users who are under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided Us with Personal Information without their consent, then he or she should contact Us at support@unreel.me. If We have confirmed that a child under 13 has provided Us with Personal Information, then We will delete such information from Our files. If a user who is under 18 wishes to remove content, comments or other information that he or she has uploaded to the Unreel Services, then the user may contact Us at support@unreel.me to request such removal and We will act promptly to remove the requested information so that it is no longer visible. Please be aware that such removed information may still be located in archives and could be available in response to valid legal process.
Third Party Websites, Merchants Services and Applications:
Our provision within the Services of mentions, links or referrals to other websites, services, merchants or applications is for Your convenience and does not signify Our endorsement of such other websites, services, merchants or applications or their content or products. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for these outside websites or their content or products. This Privacy Policy does not govern Your visit to these other websites, and Your access and any purchases You make are entirely at Your own risk. These other websites, services, merchants and applications may set their own cookies on users, collect data, and solicit personal or financial information from You. You should refer to any terms of service and privacy policies found on such other websites, services, merchants and applications to understand how Your information may be collected and used.
Unreel.me
Launch your own video streaming service! We provide networks and content owners with OTT apps across all platforms powered by BIG DATA.
© 2018 Unreel Entertainment LLC.
Features
