What would you like to study?
Let us know what you think.
We value your feedback. Please let us know below what you think of our new website.
What is 10 - 2?:
FIU Online Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the FIU Online website. Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, we do not collect personal information about you when you visit the FIU Online website unless you choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit the FIU Online site, the University's Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved, and your personal information is not identified or shared with other organizations. If you choose to share personal information with us, such as by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of Florida's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law. Please note that Florida's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business including e-mail addresses, be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption. If you do not want your email address disclosed as a public record, please contact the University via telephone or by U.S. mail.
We may also connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you in order to identify you as a FIU Online visitor. If we are able to identify you as a FIU Online guest we may, for example, link your activity on our website to your activity with a telephone call you made to FIU Online. This allows us to provide you with a personalized experience.
How is this information used?
In order to provide the best guest experience possible, we use these technologies for reporting and analysis purposes, such as how you are viewing our website, performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts. Your information may be used for:
Marketing
Legal Compliance
Your information will NOT be used in the admissions process. In the event that data that we collect identifies your race, ethnicity, gender, religion, national origin, or sexual orientation, none of that collected information will be shared with the Admissions department of Florida International University; and these attributes will in no way factor into FIU Online’s final admission decision. FIU’s Online’s non-discrimination policy opens admittance to students of all races, ethnicities, genders, religions, national origins, and sexual orientations. Your rights, privileges, and access to all academic programs, financial aid, and activities are granted free from selections made on the basis of any of the aforementioned attributes.       
FERPA
The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act ("FERPA"), as well as Florida Statute ( 1002.225, F.S. ) and the University’s FERPA Regulation ( FIU-108 ) govern the education records of Florida International
University students.  We will not release any personal student information, other than to University personnel or agents strictly for legitimate educational purposes.  However, student directory information may be released without the student's written consent. Directory information includes:
Student’s name, local and permanent address, and telephone numbers
Date and place of birth
Student classification and major and minor fields of study
Participation in officially recognized activities and sports
Weight and height of members of athletic teams
Dates of attendance, degrees and awards received
The most recent previous educational agency or institution attended by the student
Photographic image
Third-Party Automated Collection
We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our website. We use this information to serve ads for FIU Online products and services or for the products or services of other companies when you visit this website or other websites. These companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g. IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These parties typically use a cookie or a third party web beacon to collect this information.
FIU Online adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory principles for OBA.
Google Analytics and Google Display Network Ads
This website features the use of Google Analytics and specific coding that tracks visitor data using cookies.  You can view Google’s Privacy Policy at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ .
How do I opt out of the data collection process?
Information about our website visitors is generated from data that your browser collects about your visits over time and across different web sites. This is enabled through an internet tracking code called “cookies”. If you would like to limit the amount of data that your computer shares with us, you should disable cookies. You can click here to learn more about disabling cookies. If you would like to be completely removed from FIU Online’s database of website leads, please contact us at 305-348-3630 to request removal of any collected information.
How is my personal information protected?
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect your personal information. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a credit or debit card number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information. However, no e-commerce solution, website, database or system is completely secure or “hacker proof.” You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your personal information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse.
E-mail Security
"Phishing" is a scam designed to steal your personal information. If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for your personal information, do not respond. We will never request your password, user name, credit card information or other personal information through e-mail.
Email & Texting
You agree to receive emails, phone calls and/or text messages from or on behalf of FIU Online or FIU Continuing and Professional Education, regarding services as well as updates and deadlines, at the phone number(s) provided on forms submitted through FIU Online or FIU Continuing and Professional Education web pages, which includes your wireless and/or landline number. You understand that these calls may be generated using an automated technology system and that consent is not a condition of any type of purchase(s) from FIU Online or FIU Continuing and Professional Education. You further understand that you will be responsible for informing FIU Online or FIU Continuing and Professional Education of changes to any of my telephone numbers that you have supplied.
Payment Information
When You submit payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address), FIU Online Continuing Education program uses CyberSource, a third party provider of commerce processing service to receive the payments. To view CyberSource Corporation's privacy policies, visit their website at: http://www.cybersource.com/privacy.php .
Children’s Personal Information
We recognize the particular importance of protecting privacy where children are involved. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13. If a child under the age of 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information online, we ask that a parent or guardian contact us or call 305-348-3630.
How do I contact FIU Online?
FIU Online
FIU Online Privacy Policy Scope
This privacy policy applies to all current and former website visitors’ personal information.
Our website may offer links to other sites. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. In addition, you may have visited our website through a link or a banner advertisement on another site. In such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.
