v14102012
Thank you for playing the games and game services developed and published by 101XP Inc. (the “Game” or “Games”)! In this Privacy Policy "You" and "Your" refer to you, the person visiting or playing our Games. "We", "Us" and "Our" refer to the Company, staff, sites, and other resources of 101XP Inc.
 
1. Contacting Us
If You want to know what information We hold about You or if You have any other queries in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact Us in writing.  Our contact information is below:
2. Information That We Collect From You
 
 
 
 
 
 
(a) login information (time of login and the number of logins)
(b) locations visited within the Games;
(c) character interactions within the Games;
(d) items purchased;
(e) items sold;
(f) missions accepted;
(g) missions completed;
(h) the number of times You share Game activity with friends;
(i) the number of Game invitations You send to friends;
(j) the amount of virtual currency You have; and
 
 
 
(a)  To administer Your membership account;
(b)  to and enable Us to provide You with access to the Games;
(c)   to enable You to download information and materials from the Games;
(d)  to provide You with services You subscribed to;
(e)  to display Your username and contact details to other players;
(f)   to enable other members of the Games to contact You;
(g)  to provide customer service in relation to Your use of the the Games; and
(h)  to administer, support, improve and develop the Games.
 
 
4. Disclosure Of Your Information
 
 
(a)  Any third party to whom disclosure is necessary to enable Us to provide You with the services to which You have subscribed;
(b)  any person to whom disclosure is necessary to enable Us to enforce Our rights under this Privacy Policy or under the Terms of Use (including, without limitation, our proprietary rights in or to the Games); or
 
 
 
 
5. Children
 
 
6. Cookies
 
7. Third Party Sites and Contributors
 
 
8. Security And Data Retention
We employ reasonable security measures to protect Your information from access by unauthorized persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. We will retain Your information for the duration of Your membership of the Games and/or whilst you continue to have access to the Games and for a reasonable period thereafter or as long as the law requires or permits.
9. Data Access and Corrections
 
 
 
10. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to make changes to Our Privacy Policy from time to time. Any such changes to Our privacy policy will be posted here.
