Your Company Name
If you don't have a company registered, enter the website name.
Please enter the required information
Your Website Name
Your Website URL
Your Email Address
Generate My Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Template Generator
A privacy policy is a legal document that details how a website gathers, stores, shares, and sells data about its visitors. This data typically includes items such as a user's name, address, birthday, marital status, medical history, and consumer behavior. The specific contents of this document depend upon the laws in the legal jurisdiction in which your business operates. Most countries have their own set of guidelines regarding what information is eligible for collection, and how that information may be used.
When it comes to legal documents, it is best not to take chances. Fortunately, it's easy to get a free website privacy policy in just a few minutes. All you have to do is fill up the blank spaces below and we will send you an email with your own personalized privacy policy for your business.
Also looking for a Terms and Conditions Template? Check out termsandconditionstemplate.net
The accuracy of the generated document on this website is not legally binding. Use at your own risk.
What's Good About A Privacy Policy Template?
Practically every single website worth anything out there has a Privacy Policy page that it can turn to whenever issues about privacy come up with users. That's why you really need to have one for yours, but it's not exactly that easy to make one, not if you really want to cover all of your bases. This is why you may want to look into the matter of privacy policy templates since it comes with quite a few benefits.
What Is It?
For the most part, a privacy policy template is just what it sounds like. It's a template that was already made by somebody else and that you can use for your own website if you wanted to. This is incredibly helpful because creating a privacy policy from scratch can be a troublesome affair if you have no legal training. You would have to commission the help of a lawyer in order to do it right.
If your website is aiming for legitimacy, you definitely don't want to take this issue lightly. You can easily get in trouble with your customers and with the law if you don't have a privacy policy or if you have a bad one.
How Can You Use It?
Usually, privacy policy templates are pretty straightforward. You can get one from a reputable source, copy the template and then paste it on your privacy page. Many of the relevant details will either be left blank or will need to be replaced. Either way, you need to be careful about the information that you put in the page.
You want to focus on company name or website name, the name of the site owner, company CEO, or web manager, and a few important details about purchases, service charges, and so on. Other than a few tweaks, a good template won't require much else from you.
Is It Necessary?
In a word, absolutely. A privacy policy isn't just about telling your users what they can expected from your website, products, and services. It's about protecting you against potential liabilities that could arise from those aspects. It doesn't even have to be the users that go after you but also government agencies since they can be real sticklers for details.
More than the actual consequences of not having a privacy policy, it also helps to legitimize your website's authority if you have one. It just comes parts and parcel with having a successful online business.
Preview
Privacy Policy of Company Name
Company Name operates the Website Name website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Website Name website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Website URL, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer's hard drive.
Our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children's Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
