1. Introduction
We, the TeamViewer GmbH, take protection of your personal data very seriously and strictly adhere to the rules laid out by data protection laws.
 
2. Information about the Collection of Personal Data
 
3. Provider Identification
 
4. Data Security
 
5. Collection of Personal Data for Informational Use
 
Time zone difference from Greenwich Mean Time (GMT)
Content of the request (specific site)
Access status / HTTP status code
Volume of data transmitted each time
Website from which the request comes
Browser
Language and version of the browser software
The country of origin for the visitor
 
6. Collection of Personal Data for Use of the Product
 
7. Information about the Use of Cookies
Furthermore, cookies are stored on your computer when you use the website. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your hard disk in association with the browser you are using and through which specific information flows to the agency that sets the cookie (in this case, us). Cookies cannot initiate programs nor deliver viruses to your computer. They serve only to make the internet service more user-friendly and effective.
We use cookies in order to be able to identify you for subsequent visits, if you have an account with us. Otherwise, you would have to log in again for every visit.
 
8. Use of Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “Cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. If you enable IP anonymization on this website, your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. By order of the operator of the website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity, and provide other services regarding website and internet use to the website operator.
The IP address transmitted by your browser as part of the Google Analytics will not be merged with other data from Google.
You may block cookies from being stored by adjusting the settings in your browser software; however, we would like to point out that in this case, you may not be able to use all of the features on this website to their full extent.
You can also block the collection of the data generated by the cookie and the data related to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) to Google as well as the processing of this data by Google, by downloading and installing a browser plugin available from the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de.
This website uses Google Analytics with the extension “_anonymizeIp()”. As a result, IP addresses are processed in a shortened form and direct references to people can be excluded.
The use of Google Analytics is carried out in accordance with the conditions to which the German data protection authorities have agreed on with Google. Information about the third-party provider: Google Dublin, Google Ireland Ltd., Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland, Fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. Terms of
Use: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, Overview on data protection: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as the privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
 
9. Use of Google AdWords
Our website uses Google Conversion Tracking. If you clicked on an ad delivered by Google on our website, a cookie is placed on your computer by Google AdWords. The cookie for conversion tracking is placed when a user clicks on an ad delivered by Google. These cookies expire within 30 days and are not personally-identifiable. If the user visits certain pages on our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google will be able to recognize that the user has clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page. Every Google AdWords customer gets a different cookie. Cookies cannot therefore be tracked across sites by AdWords customers. The information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for AdWords customers who have opted in for conversion tracking. Customers are given an overall number of users who have clicked on their ad and proceeded to a page tagged with a conversion tracking tag. However, they will not receive any information that can personally identify users.
 
10. Use of Google Remarketing
This website uses the remarketing feature from Google Inc. This feature is used to present website visitors interest-based advertising within the Google ad network. A “cookie” is stored in the browser of a visitor to the website that enables the visitor to be recognized again later when visiting these websites, which are a part of the advertising network from Google. On these pages, the visitor can be presented with advertisements that relate to content that the visitor has previously called up on websites that use the remarketing feature from Google.
According to its own policy, Google does not collect any personal data with this process. Nevertheless, if you do not want to use the remarketing feature from Google, you can disable it by changing the appropriate settings at http://www.google.com/settings/ads.
 
11. Use of Our Website Features
 
11.1 Use of the “Contact” or “Submit a ticket” Feature
 
11.2 Use of the “Buy Now” Feature
 
11.3 Use of the “Subscribe” Feature for the Newsletter
 
11.4 Use of the “Download now” Feature
 
11.5 Use of the “TeamViewer” Feature
 
11.6 General Information on the Use of Contact Features
 
 
12. Consent and Limits to Use
When entering personal or business data (email address, names, addresses), the disclosure of your data is entirely voluntary. By entering this data, you indicate your consent that the entered data can be collected, processed, or used for the purposes of establishing contact, processing contracts, for advertising, or for the protection of our own legitimate business interests with regard to advising and supporting our customers and prospective customers. It will not be collected, processed, or used for any other purpose. This consent may be revoked with future effect at any time.
 
13. Data Transfer to Third Parties
We can transfer your personal data to third parties if we offer participation in campaigns, contests, reservations, or contract agreements in conjunction with a third party. In this case, you will be informed specifically about the transmission to the third parties before your data is forwarded.
In some cases, we use external service providers to process your data. We have chosen these providers carefully and have commissioned them in writing. They are bound by our directives and are regularly monitored by us. These service providers will not forward this data to third parties. Insofar as these service providers are located in the US, we will notify you of this in connection with the respective functions. This data processing is also carried out according to current law.
 
15. Right to Obtain Information and Revocation
You have the right to request information from us about the data stored about you with us at any time, as well as to their origin, recipients or categories of recipients to whom this data is transmitted, and the storage purpose.
If you have given consent for the use of data, you can revoke this consent at any time.
 
16. Newsletter
For persons to register for our newsletter who are not yet a customer of ours, we use a method called the double opt-in method. This means that after you enter your email address, we will send you a confirmation email to the specified email address where we will ask you to confirm that you want us to send you the newsletter. If you do not confirm within 24 hours, your application will be deleted automatically. If you confirm your desire to receive the newsletter, we will store your email address until you unsubscribe. Storing this is used solely for the purpose of being able to send you the newsletter. We also store your IP address and times when you register and confirm in order to prevent your personal data from being misused.
Your email address is the only piece of information required to send the newsletter. Providing additional, specially marked information is voluntary and will be used solely to personalize the newsletter. This data will also be completely erased upon revocation.
 
17. Use of Social Media Plugins
We currently use the following social media plugins: Facebook, Google+, Twitter. Address for the respective providers and URLs to their privacy policies:6
Facebook Inc., 1601 S California Ave, Palo Alto, California 94304, USA; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php; Additional information on data collection: http://www.facebook.com/help/186325668085084, http://www.facebook.com/a bout/privacy/your-info-on-other applications as well
Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountainview, California 94043, USA; https:// www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/?hl=de .
 
17.1 Facebook
We use a social plugin from the social network, facebook.com, on our website. Facebook is a company of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA, 94304, USA. The plugins are identifiable by one of the Facebook logos. This is a “thumbs up symbol”. The phrase “Facebook Social Plugin” also appropriately identifies it. The list and appearance of the Facebook Social Plugins can be viewed at the following Internet address: http://developers.facebook.com/plugins.
Each time you open a web page in our website that has such a plugin, the plugin causes the browser you are using to load and present the visual representation of the plugin from the Facebook server. Therefore, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly to your browser from Facebook and integrated into the website. Therefore, we have no influence on the amount of data that Facebook collects using this plugin. Consequently, we are notifying you of the information available to us.
The Facebook service is told which specific web page you are visiting within our website. If you are a member of Facebook and are logged in to Facebook while you visit our web pages, Facebook detects which specific web page you are visiting within our website through the information sent by the plugin. This is then correspondingly assigned to your personal user account. If, for example, you use the plugin offered by Facebook by clicking on the “Like” button or enter a comment, then this will be associated with your user account and stored there. Even if you are not a member of Facebook, it is possible that Facebook will learn your IP address.
Facebook has published their privacy policy at http://www.facebook.com/policy.php. This is where you will find the purpose and scope of Facebook’s data collection as well as information about how Facebook processes and uses the data. Your rights concerning this matter and settings options to protect your privacy are also published there.
 
17.2 Google Plus
We use the “+1” button from the social network, Google Plus, on our website. This social network is operated by Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043, USA (hereinafter called “Google”). The button is identifiable by the “+1” symbol on a white and colored background.
Every time you open a web page in our website that has a “+1” button, a visual representation of the “+1” button will be loaded and presented from the Google server on the browser you are using via the “+1″ button”. The Google server receives a message about which specific web page of our website you are visiting. According to the information available to us, Google logs your browsing history when a “+1” button is displayed for a period of up to two weeks for system maintenance and troubleshooting purposes. Your visit to our website is not further evaluated with a “+1” button.
If you press the “+1” button while you are logged in to Google Plus, Google collects information about the URL recommended by you, your IP address, and other browser- related information via your Google profile. This saves your “+1” recommendation and makes it publicly available. Your “+1” recommendations can be displayed along with your profile name and photo in Google services, organic search results, your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and ads on the Internet.
We have no influence on the amount of data that Google collects with the “+1” button. According to the information available to us personal data is not collected. The IP address is collected and processed only for users who are logged into Google Plus.
For the Google privacy policy about “+1” buttons as well as additional information about collection, disclosure, and use of data by Google,
17.3 Twitter
We use the short messaging service Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom Street, Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. When using Twitter, for example, by means of a “re-tweet”, Twitter links your Twitter account with the corresponding websites you used. Twitter
passes this information on to other users, in particular your followers. This represents a transmission of data into the USA and thus data processing in terms of data protection law into a third country. Twitter has not informed us about either the content of the transmitted data or about further use of the data. For the Twitter data protection disclaimer, see: http://twitter.com/privacy.
 
17.4. Instagram
We use the functions of the service Instagram which are integrated on our sites. These functions are offered by Instagram Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, CA, 94025, USA integrated. If you in are logged in your Instagram – account, by clicking on the Instagram – buttons you can link the content of our website with your Instagram profile. This allows Instagram assign your visit to our pages to your user account. We point out that we as providers of the websites have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and their use through Instagram.
 
 
18. Integration of Third Party Services
It is possible that third party content will be integrated from other websites within this website, such as videos from YouTube, maps from Google Maps, RSS feeds, or graphics. This always presupposes that the providers of such content (hereinafter referred to as the “third-party provider”) detect the IP address of the user. Because without the IP address, they could not send the content to the browser of each user. The IP address is therefore necessary to present this content. We strive to use only such content whose respective providers use the IP addresses solely to deliver the content. However, we have no control over whether the third-party providers save the IP addresses for statistical purposes, for example. We inform users about this insofar as this is known to us.
 
19. Additional Information
 
Do you need help?
Explore our community to get support from the Blizz team and other users, tell us your ideas and learn more about Blizz.
Start collaboration in the easy way today
ACCEPT
