Re-enter password:
By creating an account or using our sites and services, I agree to the Terms of Services , acknowledge that I have read the Privacy Policy , and agree to receive emails from Golf Channel and NBC Sports Golf Brands. These brands include Golf Channel, Revolution Golf, Deal Caddy, Golf Advisor, Am Tour, Golf Channel Academy, and Fit to the Tee.
Already have an account?
email
Forgot Your Password?
Forget your password?  Don't worry - we'll give you a mulligan.  Just enter your email address below and then click on the button below.  We'll send you all of the information you need to reset your password.
EMAIL
Join the Revolution
The most comprehensive
Subscribe
The better we know you, the more specific your training.
Please enter an e-mail
Please enter a password
Physical Product Return Policy
Offering one of the most lenient return policies in the golf industry, Revolution Golf’s policy varies by product. The process of receiving a refund for your return is as follows:
Email us at customerservice@revolutiongolf.com and provide the following information:
Your name
The product(s) in your order that you wish to return
The reason for your return
You will receive an email from us with an attached Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA).
You will be responsible for any shipping costs to return the item(s) to us.
Your RMA form will have a return address on it. You must ship us the product(s) to this return address and include the RMA form in your shipment that was emailed to you. We highly recommend using a shipping method that provides you with a tracking number to ensure that your return won’t be lost in transit.
Refunds will be issued within 5-7 days of receipt and inspection of the items.
 
 
Email us at customerservice@revolutiongolf.com and provide the following information:
Your name
Your product order number
The name of the video for which you are requesting a refund
The reason for your request
We will review your request for within 5 business days.
 
 
For RG+ Membership refund requests, please do the following:
Email us at customerservice@revolutiongolf.com or call our customer support department at 1-800-935-3057 between 9am and 5pm Central Time and provide the following information:
Your name
Your product order number
The type of RG+ membership type (monthly, annual) for which you are requesting a refund
The reason for your request
We will review your request for within 5 business days.
Once we review your request and a refund has been authorized, we will issue a refund to the payment method you used to purchase the video(s).
You will receive an email from us letting you know that your order has been refunded or requesting additional information.
Try Revolution Golf +
FREE shipping in the continental U.S.
Members only invitations to live events
Access to digital bonuses & more...
Try RG+ Now
