Privacy Statement & Important Legal Disclosures
In the course of doing business with St. Denis J. Villere & Company, you share personal and financial information with us. We treat the information as confidential and recognize the importance of protecting access to it.
You may provide information when communicating or transacting with us in writing, electronically or by phone. For instance, information may come from applications, requests for forms or literature, and your transactions and account positions with us. On occasions, such information may come from consumer reporting agencies and those providing services to us.
We do not sell information about current or former customers to any third parties, and we do not disclose it to third parties unless necessary to process a transaction, service an account, or as otherwise permitted by law. We may share information within the St. Denis J. Villere & Company family of companies in the course of providing or offering products and services to best meet your investing needs. We may also share that information with companies that perform administrative or marketing services for St. Denis J. Villere & Company. When we enter into such a relationship, our contracts restrict the companies’ use of our customer information, prohibiting them from sharing or using it for any purposes other than those for which they were hired.
We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect our personal information. Within St. Denis J. Villere & Company, access to such information is limited to those who need it to perform their jobs, such as providing advice and servicing your accounts or informing you of new products or services. Finally, our Code of Ethics, which applies to all employees, restricts the use of customer information and requires that it be held in strict confidence.
Due to market volatility, fund performance may fluctuate substantially over the short-term and current performance may differ from that shown.
Please read the prospectus carefully before you invest or send money.
The prospectus contains more complete information including charges and expenses.
Distributed through Quasar Distributors, LLC, Milwaukee, WI.
The Fund commenced operations on September 30, 1999. Investments in new public offerings may have a material impact on the Fund’s performance. Recent past performance of a new fund should not be regarded as an indicator of future returns. Investment returns and principal will fluctuate so that shares, when redeemed, may be worth more or less than their original cost. Total return for the Villere Balanced Fund reflects a fee waiver in effect and in the absence of this waiver, the total returns would be reduced.
Shares of the Villere Balanced Fund are currently offered only in the United States and are not registered for sale in any jurisdiction other than the United States. This is not an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation, purchase or sale would be unlawful.
Invest with us
A mutual fund’s investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses must be considered carefully before investing. The statutory and summary prospectuses contain this and other important information about the investment company and may be obtained by calling 866.209.1129 or clicking here . Read carefully before investing.
Mutual fund investing involves risk; loss of principal is possible. Investments in smaller and medium sized companies involve additional risks such as limited liquidity and greater volatility than large cap companies. The Balanced Fund will invest in debt securities. Investments in debt securities typically decrease in value when interest rates rise. This risk is usually greater for longer-term debt securities.  Investments in lower rated and nonrated securities present a great risk of loss to principal and interest than higher rated securities. The Equity Fund may invest in foreign securities. Foreign investments involve additional risks, including currency fluctuation, political and economic instability, lack of liquidity and differing legal and accounting standards.  These risks are magnified in emerging markets. The Equity Fund’s ability to invest in initial public offerings (IPOs) involves a higher degree of risk than more seasoned companies.
The Villere Funds are distributed by Quasar Distributors, LLC.
MORE +
