1.   General
Like every Website owner, we also collect, process, and use data. Protecting your personally identifiable data within the scope of all services provided by us is very important to Red Bull Media House GmbH, Oberst-Lepperdinger-Str. 11-15, 5071 Wals near Salzburg, Austria (hereinafter referred to as “Red Bull”). Therefore, we collect, process, and use your personally identifiable data strictly in accordance with the relevant legal regulations.
The following policy provides an overview of the type of data we collect and how they are used and forwarded, the security measures we take, and how you can exercise your rights.
The office responsible for issues related to data privacy law is Red Bull Media House GmbH, Oberst-Lepperdinger-Str. 11-15, 5071 Wals near Salzburg, Austria
We collect, process, and use both personally identifiable data and non-personally identifiable data. Red Bull understands personally identifiable data to mean information such as your actual name, your mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, and complete IP address. Information that does not allow us to determine the identity of a person, such as the number of visitors to a Website, the duration of sessions on a Website, and the links used on the Website, is not personally identifiable data.
We collect and process data in the context of use of the Website. In addition, we collect and process data for services that require registration, such as queries from users and customers, feedback, and newsletter subscriptions.
For visits to the Website without registration for such additional services, Red Bull collects, processes, and uses the following data:
To transfer data to you, the Web server collects information on the device used to access the Website, the Web browser used, the volume of data transferred, the time of access, the referrer, and the IP address stored in the server’s log file. The log files are deleted at the end of the session on the Website.
2.   Cookies
Cookies are used on the Website. They are text files with information on the use of the Website (visited Web pages, number of visits, time of visits, duration on individual pages, the browser used, the operating system used, etc.). Cookies can be of a lasting nature – meaning they remain until they are deleted – or temporary, in which case they are deleted, for example when a session ends. As purely text files, cookies do not intervene in your computer’s system, but only influence the presentation of content of the Website you visit.
Usage patterns contained in cookies are evaluated anonymously to allow Web advertising companies to subsequently display Web advertising (e.g. banners) on other Websites targeted to the respective user’s interests. Our Website uses pseudonymous cookies, each of which is assigned a random string of numbers or numbers and letters; based on this string, we can determine that the visit is from the same user. The identity of this user cannot be determined based on this string of numbers. Our service providers also use such cookies.
In addition, the Website sets a cookie with your current IP address with the last octet truncated. These cookies are primarily used to record the distribution of banners, pop-ups, the page view count, and the multimedia content and thus to make the use of a Website easier and more effective. In no case are your personally identifiable data – name, address, and e-mail address – stored in the cookies.
If you would like to waive the advantages of cookies and opt out of the analysis of user behaviour, you can delete existing cookies from your browser and block future cookies by means of your browser settings. Use your browser’s Help menu to learn how to make these settings.
If you delete all cookies via the browser settings, you will also delete any opt-out cookies. You must then reset them. If you use multiple browsers, you must set opt-out cookies in each browser.
3.   Web analysis services
The Website uses Web analysis services, in particular and Google Analytics, which in turn use cookies.
Google Analytics:
In the event that Google Analytics, a service of Google Inc. (“Google”), is used, the information on your use of our Website generated by the cookie is always transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. However, within the Member States of the European Union or in other contractual states of the Agreement on the European Economic Area, Google first truncates your IP address by means of IP anonymisation on this Website; we use the “–anonymize()” extension. The full IP address is transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there only in exceptional cases. Google uses the generated information on our behalf to evaluate your use of our Website in order to compile reports on Website activities and to perform other services for us associated with Website use and Internet use. In no case will Google combine the IP address collected using Google Analytics with other Google data. Google will transmit the information collected using Google Analytics to third parties as required if Google is legally bound to do so or if third parties process this information on behalf of Google. You can also prevent these cookies from being stored using the aforementioned settings in your browser.
In addition, you can object to the collection of the data generated by Google’s cookie and related to your use of the Website (incl. your IP address) and prevent processing of these data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en .
4.   Other services
We collect additional data when services that go beyond mere viewing of content or surfing on the Website are used:
If you contact us using a contact form on the Website, depending on the form, your title, your name, your address, your telephone number, your e-mail address, your company, your industry, the area to which your query refers, and query-related information and preferences are collected and stored to allow us to forward your message to the correct person. The data shared by means of the contact form are used only to process your query.
If you register for one of our events using a Web form, depending on the form, your title, your name, your address, your telephone number, your date of birth, your e-mail address, and certain information and preferences related to participation are collected and stored to enable you to participate in the event. The data shared by means of the registration form are used only for purposes of processing your registration and participation in the event.
5.   Authorisations
When using our Website, you may have explicitly granted us authorisation to use data in certain cases, such as when you order a newsletter by clicking a corresponding button or declaration and entering your e-mail address.
Granted authorisations can be viewed on the Website where the data are entered and declarations submitted.
When you register with an e-mail address, we will send your e-mail to this e-mail address to request confirmation of your registration solely to ensure that the registration has originated from you.
6.   Security and data transfer to third parties
We handle your data in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. We take the legally required technical and organisational measures to protect personally identifiable data.
Your data are forwarded to third parties only if we are required to do so by law. In no case do we forward your data to third parties through sale, lease, or exchange.
Red Bull occasionally works with service providers, such as for dispatching mail and other services. To the extent that these service providers come into contact with your personally identifiable data, such as when mail is dispatched, Red Bull complies with data protection regulations, especially through corresponding commissioned data processing jobs.
7.   Information, deletion, revocation
You may request information about data we have stored about you at any time. Where necessary, we will have to verify your identity to do so. In addition, you may correct data we have stored or request that we delete the data at any time. If deletion conflicts with legal retention obligations, the data will be locked.
At any time and without giving any reason, you can revoke granted authorisations with future effect, also to use your data for the purpose of sending the newsletter, answering queries, and making contact with us, and also restrict the use of your data for pseudonymous use profiles for purposes of improving and tailoring the design of our services as well as advertising and market research.
You can send your queries, an objection, or revocation by various means, such as via e-mail to: musicpublishing@at.redbullmediahouse.com
(Last updated: 14th July 2015)
