This policy (together with our Terms of use , our Cookie Policy and any other document referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or you provide to us, will be processed by us.
This policy applies to the SimpleSite websites in different markets that are operated by SimpleSite ApS or any subsidiary thereof (henceforth collectively referred to as "SimpleSite" or "we"). We provide this privacy policy to inform you of our practices with respect to how we collect, use, and protect personal information about visitors to and owners of our websites. Personal information is information that is personally identifiable like your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, etc. By using our website and the apps you consent to the terms described in this document.
Information about us:
SimpleSite ApS is registered in Denmark under company number 10079861. The address of our registered office and principal place of business is Toldbodgade 31, st. tv, 1253 Copenhagen K, Denmark.
1. What data do we collect?
SimpleSite may collect and process the following data about you when you visit our site:
* Information you provide by filling in forms on our website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services, posting comments, signing up for newsletters and promotions or using contact forms.
* A record of any correspondence with you.
* Details of your visits to our site including, but not limited to traffic data, location data, web logs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise, and the resources that you access.
* Information on whether you have opened and clicked on certain content in our emails sent to you.
* Information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system, browser type and device ID, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers; and information obtained from cookies. Please find further information about this under Cookie Policy. This information does not necessarily enable us to personally identify you.
* Cookies and similar technologies. When you use our website or mobile apps we collect information via cookies and similar technologies. For more information please read our cookie policy on our website.
SimpleSite does not require that you enter any personal information to visit SimpleSite websites.
When you register at SimpleSite we request:
* Your email address and purpose of your new website.
* Text, pictures and video for your website.
* Social networking. If you choose to login with Facebook Login or Google+ Sign-in you are permitting SimpleSite to use and store that information related to the profile allowing us to make use of any social media features on our website or apps. The social media provider may send us information in line with their policies which may include your name, profile picture, gender, friend lists and any other information you have chosen to make available. Other information regarding recommendations exchanged between you and your friends may also be shared. Please note that, if your Facebook or Google+ friends are using SimpleSite, they may have shared information about you with us through Facebook Login or Google+ Sign-in. If you wish to prevent that sharing, you can do so by editing your Facebook or Google+ privacy settings or the relevant settings/preferences for other social media providers.
* Purchased subscription. If you choose to upgrade to a paid subscription we require that you supply your name and street address along with payment information.
* Domain Registration. If you choose to register a domain we will collect information as required by the rules governing the domain being registered. Required information always includes a phone number, and additionally include company registration number, date of birth or other items of information depending on the type of domain you register
* Online store. If you create a Online store we will request your name, address, phone and company registration number. In addition to this you will be prompted for price, shipping price, pictures, description and information of the products you add to your Online store as well as information relating to VAT handling. If you opt to allow your customers to pay via PayPal we will request that you identify your PayPal account and allow SimpleSite to manage PayPal transactions on your behalf.
* Visiting and Using a Online store: If you make a purchase in the webhop of a SimpleSite customer we will request your name and address. If you pay for goods with PayPal we will additionally collect information to verify the status of the payment and to complete it. The information will be shared with the SimpleSite customer who manages the Online store in question.
* It is expressly stated whether the data requested is mandatory or not.
2. How do we Collect Data?
There are two main methods we use:
We collect information through your use of the Services. In other words, when you are visiting or using our Services, including when you browse the Website or any User Website, register a Customer Account, edit your Customer Website and upload information and content we are aware of it and may gather, collect and record such uses, sessions and related information, either independently or with the help of third-party services as detailed in Section 5 below, including through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies, as further detailed in Section 5 below.
We collect information which you provide us voluntarily. For example, we collect the Personal Information you provide us when you register to our Services; when you sign-in to our Services via third party services such as Facebook or Google; when you place purchases and/or register domain names; when you submit or upload such Personal Information while using any of our Services; and/or when you contact us directly
3. Why do we collect the data?
To provide and operate our Service for Customers, Visitors and Partners
To provide websites to Visitors on behalf of our Customers
To provide assistance to Customers
For direct marketing purposes
To maintain and improve security and to detect and prevent misuse and fraud
To comply with laws and regulations
To improve and develop our Services, based on Visitors’ and Customers’ shared or individual choices, behavior and feedback
4. Location
The Personal data you provide to us is stored on our secure servers and services. Currently, our servers are located within the European Economic Area (EEA). The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the EEA. The transfer may be to other members of the SimpleSite group, to employees or contractors or to third parties as set out in this policy. In particular, the contents of a website is transferred to any person or entity requesting it, as part of the normal and intended operation of the service, without any restrictions or regard to their location. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
We may be required by law, to hold your data in a specific location dependent upon the location from which you will access SimpleSite services. Regardless of the location in which your data is stored we will take adequate measures to protect the security of your personal data.
These countries may have different and/or less stringent privacy/data protection and data security rules than those of your own country. As a result, your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those countries according to laws in those countries.
5. Third Parties
SimpleSite partners with several third-party services to provide and improve our own service. These include payment and billing services, domain registrars, e-mail delivery, web analytics, hosting services, content delivery networks, marketing and performance data services, services to detect and prevent fraud, spam and abuse, electronic data and computing security services, session recording services as well as legal, financial and auditing advisors.
These third-party services access or receive aggregate data about or personal data of visitors, users and users of users. The data may include part or all of this personal data depending on the particular function the third party in question serves, and the third parties may only use the data for the purpose for which they are contracted.
We may disclose your personal information for any of the purposes mentioned above to any member of our group, which includes our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries. This also includes entities which we may acquire as part of an acquisition at a future date.
We may also share your personal information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, if we have a good faith belief that the law requires us to do so, with or without notice to you.
Integration list:
Amazon Web Services, Inc.
6. Security Measures
SimpleSite has implemented security measures with the purpose of ensuring data is processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal data, including protection against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. SimpleSite uses industry-standard measures to safeguard the confidentiality of personally identifiable information, including encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Sockets Layer).
Data on payments and payment method details are subject to particularly stringent security measures and are handled by approved service providers that are compliant with the PCI (Payment Card Industry) standards and have appropriate safeguards setup.
From time to time, we review our security procedures and evaluate appropriate new technology and methods. We also regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and regularly examine new ways and Third Party Services for further enhancing the security of our Services and protection of our Visitors’ and Customers’ privacy.
Should the SimpleSite experience a data breach and your information be involved, we will contact you if there is a risk of your data being misused and if we are legally obliged to do so. In some instances SimpleSite will also be legally obliged to contact (data protection) authorities when a breach of private information occurs.
7. Visitors of Customer Websites
SimpleSite may collect, store and process certain Non-personal and Personal Information of Customer-Visitors ("Customer-Visitors Information"), on our Customers’ behalf and at their direction. For example, each of our Customers is able to import, collect and manage contacts via their Customer Website and take orders via their Online store. Such contacts are then stored with SimpleSite, on the Customer’s behalf.
For such purposes, SimpleSite serves and shall be considered as a "Data Processor" and not as the "Controller" (as both such capitalized terms are defined in the European Data Protection Directive) of such Customer-Visitors Information. The Customers controlling and operating such Customer Websites shall be considered as the "Controllers" of such Customer-Visitors Information, and are responsible for complying with all laws and regulations that may apply to the collection and control of such Customer-Visitors Information, including all privacy and data protection laws of all relevant jurisdictions.
You are responsible for the security, integrity and authorized usage of your Customer-Visitors’ Personal Information, and for obtaining any consents and permissions required for the collection and usage of such information.
SimpleSite cannot provide legal advice to Customers or their Customer-Visitors, however we do recommend that all Customers publish and maintain clear and comprehensive privacy policies on their Customer Websites, in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, and that all Customer-Visitors carefully read those policies and make sure that they consent to them.
For more information on how Customer-Visitors Information may be handled by SimpleSite (which may be relevant for the specific notice you provide to and/or consent you obtain from your Customer-Visitors), please see Sections 4, 6 and 9.
If you are a visitor or customer of any of our Customers, please read the following: SimpleSite has no direct relationship with the individual Customer-Visitors whose Personal Information it processes. If you are a visitor, Customer or customer of any of our Customers, and would like to make any requests or queries regarding your Personal Information, please contact such Customer(s) directly. For example, if you wish to access, correct, amend, or delete inaccurate information processed by SimpleSite on behalf of its Customers, please direct your query to the relevant Customer (who is the "Controller" of such data). If requested to remove any Customer-Visitors’ Personal Information, we will respond to such request within thirty (30) days.
8. Marketing Mails
When you are signed up for our email we save:
Your user ID, time of registration and IP address. This is for security reasons, and so we can confirm that the IP address and website belongs to you.
Your email address.
Your username: so you can easily login to your website from the emails we send to you.
Your choice of website type e.g. Business or Personal: So we can send you relevant inspiration.
How you use the newsletter service i.e. if you open, click or unsubscribe. This is to give you relevant information and to understand your level of interest. If you e.g. have not opened any marketing emails from us within a year we will stop sending you marketing emails.
We always treat your personal information with the utmost care. We do not sell it to third parties. You can of course choose to unsubscribe at any time via the unsubscribe link found in all our emails.
You can ask us to delete your information. We can do this unless we are legally required to keep it, e.g. if you have paid for a website subscription.
9. User Rights
Request for Information:
We are happy to inform you as to what personal information we have saved on you. This information is free, shall be processed within one month and is usually transmitted to you via Email (also via post upon request). In order to receive applicable and detailed information, please provide us with details as to the personal data or type thereof concerned (where possible). In order to ensure that the person requesting the aforementioned information is the person they present themselves to be, we require a proof of identity. This can be in the form of a copied identification document. Please blacken out or remove serial numbers and passport numbers from such copies. These copies shall only be used for the purpose of identification and for processing your request.
Rectification, deletion or blocking:
In accordance with Article 26 of the Danish Act on Processing Personal Data, you are entitled to request that any personal data we collect on you be rectified, deleted or blocked. Any such requests can be sent to us in writing i.e. per post or via the following email address: complaints@SimpleSite.com
10. Contacting us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
SimpleSite ApS
Email: customerservice@simplesite.com
SimpleSite
Our user experience ideals run through every vein of our company. Our ideals are not to attain perfection, but rather to attain pleasure. Using our product should feel enjoyable - like playing a game - it should be easy, exciting and uplifting. Something to try and subsequently to learn from. This is the same experience our employees have working for us.
