TRANSFER AND SHARE POINTS
TRANSFER AND SHARE POINTS
CONTACT INFORMATION
EL CHAT EN VIVO NO ESTÁ DISPONIBLE EN ESPAÑOL. PARA OBTENER ASISTENCIA EN ESPAÑOL, LLAME AL NÚMERO A CONTINUACIÓN.
ThankYou Service Center
TDD/TTY for the Hearing Impaired 1-877-693-0218
Outside the U.S. (Call Collect) 1-859-283-8016
Monday to Friday 8am to 1am ET Saturday and Sunday 9am to 9pm ET
ThankYou Service Center
P.O. BOX 6278
Outside the U.S. (Call Collect) 1-859-283-8016
Monday to Friday 8am to 1am ET Saturday and Sunday 9am to 9pm ET
ThankYou Service Center
P.O. BOX 6278
Sioux Falls, SD 57117
Leaving Citi ThankYou Rewards
You are now leaving the Citi ThankYou® Rewards site and entering a third party site, which is responsible for its own content and maintains its own privacy and security policy.
Due to inactivity, your session will expire in 2 minutes.
If additional time is required, Please click "Yes". To allow the session to end, click "No".
Privacy for Citi ThankYou® Rewards
Note: If you'd like to change these privacy settings, please sign on to ThankYou Rewards first.
Our Privacy Notice
If you are a Citi® credit cardholder or have a Citibank® consumer checking account enrolled in Citi ThankYou® Rewards, you are provided with a privacy notice at the opening of any of those accounts by Citibank, N.A. Your privacy choices made in response to that notice also apply to ThankYou Rewards and, accordingly, it is not necessary for you to provide your privacy choices to ThankYou Rewards also unless you would like different privacy choices to apply to ThankYou Rewards.
If you are a member of Citi ThankYou® Rewards and do not have any other account relationships at Citibank or have only a Citibank business checking account, you may make your privacy choices for ThankYou Rewards online or by calling the ThankYou Service Center. These privacy choices will apply to your ThankYou Rewards Member Account only.
Please review the Privacy Notice and make your privacy choices online or call us toll free at the ThankYou Service Center, 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596) or 1-877-693-0218 (TDD/TTY for the Hearing Impaired).
The types of personal information that Citi collects, why and how we collect it.
QUESTIONS
FACTS:
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income
account balances and employment information
credit history and transaction history
How?
All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the following table, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Citibank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Citibank
Does Citibank
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
To limit our sharing click the checkbox for any/all you want to limit (Select all that apply):
To limit our sharing mark any/all you want to limit:
Do not share information about my creditworthiness with your affiliates for their everyday business purposes.
Do not allow your affiliates to use my personal information to market to me.
Do not share my personal information with nonaffiliates to market their products and services to me.
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
You are receiving this notice in connection with your ThankYou Rewards Member Account from Citibank N.A., the bank that manages the Citi ThankYou® Rewards program, and it applies to your ThankYou Member Account only.
What we do
How does Citibank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures to comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Citibank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
provide account information or give us your contact information
provide employment information or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.  See the section titled "Other Important Information" for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Citi name; financial companies such as CitiMortgage, Inc., and Citi Global Markets, Inc. and others such as Banamex USA.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include companies engaged in direct marketing and the selling of consumer products and services.
Joint marketing
Other important information
For Vermont Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by Vermont law, such as to process your transactions or to maintain your account. In addition, we will not share information about your creditworthiness with our affiliates except with your authorization.
For California Residents: We will not share information we collect about you with nonaffiliated third parties, except as permitted by California law, such as to process your transactions or to maintain your account.
NOTICE OF CHANGES
From time to time, we may change this Privacy Policy.  The effective date of this policy, as stated below, indicates the last time this policy was revised or materially changed. Checking the effective date below allows you to determine whether there have been changes since the last time you reviewed the policy.
EFFECTIVE DATE
Top Privacy FAQs
You can also call the ThankYou Service Center, toll-free at
1-800-THANKYOU
(1-800-842-6596)
Can I change my privacy choices at any time?
Yes, you can adjust these choices anytime, directly from the Privacy Choices Form or by calling us toll free at the ThankYou® Service Center, 1-800-THANKYOU (1-800-842-6596). TDD/TTY for the hearing impaired, please call 1-877-693-0218.
The privacy choices you make on the Privacy Choices Form on ThankYou.com or by calling our Service Center will apply only to ThankYou Rewards and will apply until you make a change either through ThankYou Rewards, Citi Cards or Citibank.
If you are a Citi® credit cardholder or have a Citibank® consumer checking account enrolled in ThankYou Rewards, you will need to contact those sponsors directly to change your privacy choices with them.
If you provide privacy choices to Citi Cards or Citibank after providing your choices directly to ThankYou Rewards, the choices you provide to those sponsors will apply to, and be honored by, ThankYou Rewards also and will alter the choices you previously provided to ThankYou Rewards to the extent they differ.  If you have already made privacy choices with Citi Cards or Citibank and you would like those choices to apply to ThankYou Rewards, you need not make those choices again with ThankYou Rewards as the privacy choices you made with Citi Cards or Citibank also apply to ThankYou Rewards. Privacy choices made on ThankYou.com or through our Service Center will not affect the privacy choices provided to Citi Cards or Citibank.
Please allow approximately 30 days from the request of your privacy choices for them to become effective.
Where can I read more about privacy options at Citi ThankYou® Rewards?
Find the most up to date privacy information on the Privacy Policy page .
Where can I find out about Citi ThankYou® Rewards Internet Privacy Policy?
