Enable JavaScript
Log in and restart your reservation?
Click OK to log in and restart your reservation.
Click Cancel to continue with your reservation without logging in.
Remember this selection?
We'll redirect you to the home page of the country / region site you choose.
Search aa.com
Submit search
travel plans covered.
can get you there.
This Privacy Policy explains how American Airlines, Inc. ("we," "us," "our," "American") collects, uses, shares, and protects information in connection with American’s services, systems, websites, and apps that refer or link to this Privacy Policy (our "Services"), including without limitation, the collection and processing of personal information in connection with bookings and travel on American Airlines or flights operated by our regional carriers (for example, Envoy Air, Piedmont Airlines and PSA Airlines). This Privacy Policy applies regardless of the type of device or other means you use to access our Services.
American reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the updated Policy here along with the date on which the Policy was changed. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that affect the way we collect, use and/or share your personal information, we will notify you by including a "NEWLY UPDATED" label with the "PRIVACY POLICY" link on aa.com for 30 days after material changes are made.
You, when you voluntarily provide us with information
Your transactions with American
Other third party sources, such as travel agents, other airlines (e.g., code share and alliance partners) and travel and hospitality service providers (e.g., transportation or tour operators).
If the information is to be collected directly from you, you may in some cases have the option to decline providing that information. However, your choice to not provide information may impact your use of certain features or services.
The personal information we collect about you through these various sources may include, but is not limited to:
Name, addresses and telephone numbers
Date of birth and gender
Email addresses, fax numbers and pager numbers
AAdvantage® account number
Information required to facilitate travel or other services, including travel companion(s) names, emergency contacts, and photographs
Information about your travel, including booking and itinerary information, requests for assistance, interactions with staff and cabin crew, and dietary restrictions
Details of your previous travel, such as previous flights and travel-related issues
Driver’s license number
Passport number, nationality and country of residence
Technical information such as your browser type, IP address, type of operating system you use, your geolocation, the name of your internet service provider, mobile advertising identifiers, and pages visited on our Services
Information provided via survey, focus group or other marketing research efforts
When you send us an email or online customer service request, we will retain the content of the message, your email address or any contact information you provide, and our response in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have. We also use this information to measure how effectively we address your concerns.
Corporate-contract, employer and/or other corporate affiliation (e.g., employer name, title, work address and contact information), including Business Extra® account information (e.g., tax ID, business type, number of employees, number of business travelers, and travel manager information)
American creates a record for each booking that involves travel on American Airlines, even if the ticket is sold under another airline’s booking code. When you book travel on American, we will collect and store information about your transaction, including whether you booked your flight on aa.com or through another sales channel (such as a travel agency). American will also collect and store information about changes to your booking, including a cancellation or failure to complete your travel, upgrades, your baggage requirements, airport disruption, and lost baggage.
If you book travel for someone else, we may collect your billing information but may communicate with the passenger directly about their flight.
If your booking includes emergency contact information, we may share personal information with your emergency contact or attempt to collect information about you from your emergency contact, as appropriate based on the nature of the emergency.
In the event of a flight delay, cancellation, or other service disruption, we may use the contact information provided in your booking to notify you, and the individuals traveling on the same booking, about the disruption.
Some examples of this type of information include:
You have provided medical information to us while requesting specific assistance (such as the provision of wheelchair assistance) from us and/or an airport operator
You have sought clearance from us to fly with a medical condition or device
You have otherwise chosen to provide such information to us or it has been passed onto us by a third party such as the travel agent through which you made your booking.
In addition, you may have requested services (such as a meal preference or a request for wheelchair assistance) which is not “sensitive personal information” but may imply or suggest your religion, health or other information. American does not use such data to infer sensitive personal information about you.
Due to the nature of our Services, we may collect travel information, which may include personal information, about children when it is required to comply with the law, including federal aviation or security regulations, or as otherwise required to provide transportation needs and services. We may retain personal information when required to provide transportation and related services to a child. American does not knowingly collect personal information directly from children – persons under the age of 13, or another age if required by applicable law – other than when required to comply with the law or for safety and security reasons.
If you are a parent or guardian of a child who has provided personal information without your knowledge and consent, you may request we remove this child’s information by emailing privacy@aa.com.
When you use our Services, we may receive technical information such as your browser type, the type of operating system you use, your geolocation, the name of your internet service provider, mobile advertising identifiers, and pages visited on our Services. American gets this information by using technologies, including cookies, web beacons, and mobile device geolocation to provide and improve our Services and advertising, including across browsers and devices (also known as cross-device linking). We also use this information to verify that visitors meet the criteria required to process their requests and for reporting activity on our Services. For example, we may want to know how long the average user spends on our Services or which pages or features get the most attention. This technical information may be combined with information that is personally identifiable in order to personalize our Services and advertising to your interests, including across browsers and devices. For example, if you spend time reviewing a particular flight or destination but do not complete a travel reservation, we may use this information to show you targeted advertising about similar flights or destinations on our Services or on third-party websites. Some of this information may be shared with third parties, as described below under “Information collected by third parties on our Services.”
Additionally, and with your specific consent where required by law, American may combine the information we receive from you with information collected from other sources. This information may be used to provide offers and/or services specifically tailored to your interests in accordance with applicable laws.
Cookies on our services
When you use our Services, you may receive cookies or other similar technologies such as pixel tags from us and the third parties that collect information on our Services. We use cookies to determine that we give you a high-quality experience on our Services. We also use cookies to show you advertising that is relevant to you.
However, if you prefer, you can change your cookie settings. Some browsers have options that allow the visitor to control whether the browser will accept cookies, reject cookies, or notify the visitor each time a cookie is sent. You may elect to reject cookies by adjusting your settings, but doing so will limit the range of features available to you on our Services and other major websites that use cookies.
Our Services also occasionally use "local shared objects" (also known as "Flash cookies"). Like browser cookies, Flash cookies may be used for coordinating content delivery, website functionality, maintaining preferences, advertising, or analytics. Unlike browser cookies, "Flash cookies" are not stored in the browser. You may be able to manage these Flash cookies by visiting the Adobe website.
There are four types of cookies used on our Services:
Essential cookies – These cookies enable you to use our Services. These cookies are essential to enable you to browse our Services and use certain features. Disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of the Services. Without these cookies, services such as shopping activity and paying activity cannot be provided. These cookies also help keep our Services safe and secure.
Preference cookies – These cookies store information such as your preferred country and language selection, AAdvantage® login data and website preferences. Without these cookies, our Services may not be able to remember certain choices you've previously made (such as a saved country / language preference) or personalize your browsing experience by providing you with relevant information (such as saved reservation preferences or AAdvantage® award miles balance). These cookies can also be used to recognize your device so that you do not have to provide the same information more than once.
Performance cookies – These cookies collect information about how you use our Services such as which pages you visit regularly. These cookies are used to provide you with a high-quality experience by doing things such as tracking page load, site response times, and error messages.
Content / advertising cookies – These cookies gather information about your use of our Services so we may improve your experience and provide you with more relevant content and advertising. They are also used to gather feedback on customer satisfaction through surveys. They remember that you've visited our Services and help us understand usage of our Services. Some of these cookies are from third parties that collect information about users of our Services (as described below under “Information collected by third parties on our Services”) in order to provide advertising (on our Services and elsewhere) based on users’ online activities (so-called "interest-based advertising") on our Services and elsewhere online. The third parties involved in interest-based advertising collect internet browsing information (e.g., websites visited, time of visit) across different websites and over time, and they may use the information they collect on our Services to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the internet.
Some of the content, advertising, and functionality on our Services may be provided by third parties, including third parties that are not affiliated with us. As noted above, these third parties may collect or receive technical information about your use of our Services, including through the use of cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, and other technologies, and this information may be collected over time and combined with information collected on different websites and online services.
For example, some of our Services include social network or other third-party plug-ins (such as Facebook’s "Like" button) that enable you to login to certain of our Services, to comment on content available on our Services, and to share things you find on our Services with your social network. The providers of these plug-ins may be able to collect information about you even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-in or widget and regardless of whether you have an account or other relationship with these social networks and third parties. If you use social network tools or visit social networking sites, you should read their privacy disclosures to learn what information they collect, use, and share.
Also, some third parties collect information about users of our Services in order to provide interest-based advertising (on our Services and elsewhere, including across browsers and devices, also known as cross-device linking). This may include anonymized or de-identified information about you, such as travel destinations that you search for while using our Services. These third parties may use the information they collect on our Services to make predictions about your interests in order to provide you ads (from us and other companies) across the internet (for example, travel products and services that are available at a destination you searched for online). Some of these third parties may participate in an industry organization that gives users the opportunity to opt out of receiving ads that are tailored based on online activities.
We may use Adobe Analytics or Google Analytics to aggregate and analyze data about your use of our Services.
General information and opt-out resources
Our Services
We use personal information to complete transactions and fulfill requests for our products and services. For example, we require you to provide personal information when making a reservation to purchase airline tickets or related products and services such as renting cars or booking hotel rooms through an American Airlines Reservations Agent, travel agent, the aa.com website or other travel-related website, or enrolling in the AAdvantage® and Business Extra programs.
Administrative, marketing, analytical purposes
In addition to processing, confirming and fulfilling the travel or other services or products you request, American may use personal information for administrative, analytical, and marketing purposes such as employee training, information systems management, accounting, billing and audits, credit card processing and verification, customer-relations correspondence, and/or operation of the AAdvantage® and Business Extra programs. American also uses personal information to identify, develop and market products and services that we believe you will value, including across browsers and devices, in accordance with applicable laws. Where we are required by applicable law, we will seek your consent prior to sending you communications for marketing purposes. More specifically, we may use your personal information for the following purposes:
Business purposes and communication: To provide flight services or information you requested, to communicate with you for business or customer service reasons, or for other such reasons such as changes to our policies or in response to your inquiry
Financials transaction management: To facilitate payment for services or provide refunds
Legal and regulatory obligations: To comply with legal, regulatory, or fiscal obligations, or in connection with litigation or an internal investigation or audit
Tailored web experience: To personalize your advertising experience when visiting our sites, and to manage details about your accounts (such as an AAdvantage®, Business Extra, or AirPass℠ account), when security updates are available, or when an action is required to keep the account active
Improve our operations: To improve our route and service offerings as an airline operator, including reviewing our travel destinations, fare classes and operations more generally
Marketing and analytics: To perform data analyses and other processing for marketing purposes
Site maintenance: To improve content, functionality, and usability of our sites and to offer opportunities to participate in surveys and provide feedback to us
Security management: To secure American’s premises, assets, and information
Third party requests: To respond to and comply with outside requests initiated by you, as well as in response to legal requests
Audit and controls: To evaluate internal controls and audits for compliance (including those conducted by American’s internal and external audit service providers)
There are Closed Circuit Television (CCTV) cameras in operation within and around our stations and other premises, which are used for these purposes:
to prevent and detect crime;
to protect the health and safety of American’s customers and employees;
to manage and protect American’s property and the property of American’s guests and other visitors; and
for quality assurance purposes
Keep your record locator confidential:
When you make a booking, you will be given a 6-character record locator, also known as a Passenger Name Record (PNR). This will appear on the email confirmation or ticket of each person in your booking. You should keep your record locator confidential, as giving it to others may allow them to access your booking details through our systems. If you are traveling with others and do not want them to have access to your booking details, you should have each person make their own bookings.
Keep your AAdvantage® account number and login information confidential:
To make sure your access to our websites, other online services, and mobile applications is secure; you should not share your log in details with anyone else. You should always log out of the website, online services or mobile app after each use if others have access to your computer or device, especially if you are using a publicly accessible computer such as at library or internet café.
American uses reasonable technical, administrative, and physical measures to protect your personal information from loss, interference, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, both during transmission and once we receive it. We also maintain reasonable procedures to help ensure that such data is reliable for its intended use and is accurate, complete and current. When your personal information is shared, American will take a reasonable approach to prevent the unauthorized use of personal information.
Please note, however, that while American attempts to safeguard your personal information, no method of transmitting or storing electronic information is ever completely secure, and thus we make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that your information will never be accessed, used or released in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES (WHETHER CONSEQUENTIAL, DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, A THIRD PARTY'S UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR OTHER THEORIES OF LIABILITY, AND ALSO REGARDLESS OF WHETHER WE ARE GIVEN ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE NOTICE THAT DAMAGES WERE POSSIBLE, EXCEPT AS PROVIDED UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS.
Your personal information will be retained only for so long as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out above, considering criteria such as applicable rules on statute of limitations, legal requirements and the duration of your use of our website and receipt of our Services.
General
American does not share personal information with third parties except as stated in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose information to companies affiliated with American and/or unaffiliated third parties (i) to provide the products and services you have requested; and (ii) for administrative, analytical, and marketing purposes.
For instance, we may disclose or share information about you to:
third parties to distribute promotions, sweepstakes, marketing surveys and messages, focus groups, interviews and other opportunities offered by American;
third parties who have arranged for discounts, pre-paid travel or other services on your behalf, such as employers;
hotels, car rental companies, or other travel industry partners in order to fulfill your booking requests relating to vacation packages or other travel services booked using our Services;
our co-branded credit card partners, in connection with a co-branded credit or debit card that is linked to your AAdvantage® account; and
third-party vendors that assist American with respect to reservations, ticketing, baggage, boarding, and flight check-in technology functions; receive and respond to customer complaints or enquiries; and manage our AAdvantage® program enrollments and AAdvantage® travel partnerships.
In addition, from time to time, we may share information with certain third party companies with which we have a business relationship, including AAdvantage® and Business Extra participants. These companies may send you offers based on the information you have provided us. Where we are required by applicable law, we will seek your consent prior to sharing your personal information with such third parties for marketing purposes. Also, as described below, you can opt out of having your information shared with third parties for those parties' direct marketing purposes by emailing us at privacy@aa.com.
Legal requirements
Please note that the laws and regulations of several countries, including without limitation, the requirements imposed under the Transportation Security Administration Secure Flight program, require us to provide foreign and domestic government agencies with access to the personal information you disclose to us and data that we have about you and your travel plans, history, or status, including both before and after a flight arrives. For example, American and other airlines comply with legal obligations in the United States (U.S.), United Kingdom (UK) and other countries to provide border control agencies and customs authorities with access to booking and travel data when you fly to and from such countries, including stopover or layover destinations or countries that you may overfly en route to your destination. American does not have control or knowledge of the storage and use of that data after it has been delivered to the respective government entity. Further, to the extent required by law, we may disclose personal information to government authorities, or to third parties pursuant to a subpoena or other legal process, and we may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to protect the rights or property of American, our customers, our services, or its users.
If you tell us you don’t want to receive marketing messages we will stop sending them. We will, of course, continue to send important information relating to a product or service you have purchased to keep you informed about your booking and travel itinerary.
American's websites do not honor web browsers' Do-Not-Track signals. You do have choices, however, when it comes to your privacy and internet browsing. As noted above, some third parties collect information about users of our Services in order to provide interest-based advertising elsewhere, including across browsers and devices (also known as cross-device linking). Some of these companies provide online users with the ability to opt out of receiving interest-based advertising.
Due to differences between using apps and websites on mobile devices, you may need to take additional steps to disable targeted ad technologies in mobile apps. Many mobile devices allow you to opt out of targeted advertising for mobile apps using the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. For more information, please check your mobile settings. You also may uninstall our apps using the standard uninstall process available on your mobile device or app marketplace.
To opt out of interest-based advertising across browsers and devices, please opt out through the Digital Advertising Alliance or Network Advertising Initiative website and also through the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. Your opt-out choice may apply only to the browser or device you are using when you opt out, so you should opt out on each of your browsers and devices if you want to disable all cross-device linking for interest-based advertising. If you opt out, you will still receive ads but they may not be as relevant to you and your interests.
Other companies or programs of American affiliates may require different steps to change your preferences for participation. Please consult the privacy policies of the relevant companies or programs for further information.
Controller of Personal Information
To the extent that American Airlines, Inc. is subject to the laws of the European Union and Switzerland when processing personal data (“Personal Data”), it shall be the “data controller” under such laws.
If you have made a flight booking with us but one or more flights or services (including, for example, access to travel lounges operated by our partner airlines) are to be provided by other airline(s), then that other airline will also separately be considered a “data controller”. Your Personal Data will be processed in accordance with the applicable airline’s privacy policy and, if your booking is made via a reservation system provider (“GDS”), with its privacy policy. These are available at http://www.iatatravelcentre.com/privacy or from the airline or GDS directly. You should read this documentation, which applies to your booking and specifics (for example, how your personal data is collected, stored, used, disclosed and transferred).
Any travel services provider (such as a hotel or car rental company) or AAdvantage® participating partner (such as an AAdvantage® co-branded credit card issuer) will also separately be a “data controller”. You can access the privacy policies of those providers from them directly.
Legal Basis for Data Processing
We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process Personal Data includes processing that is:
necessary for the performance of the contract between you and American (for example, to facilitate your travel on American under our conditions of carriage, to provide you with other services that you request, or for resolving billing or customer service inquiries related to your use of our Services);
necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules or to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement);
necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you and to improve the website and our Services);
to protect the vital interests of you or another person (for example, if we collect and process medical information in the event of a medical emergency and you are incapable of giving your consent);
to perform a task carried out in the public or substantial public interest (for example, to provide disabled persons and persons with reduced mobility opportunity for air travel comparable to those of other persons); and
where legally required and we have no other valid legal basis to process Personal Data, we will use consent by our customers (for example, to provide you with marketing information or share information with third parties), which may subsequently be withdrawn at any time (by emailing privacy@aa.com) without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
International Transfers of Personal Data
The nature of American’s business means that the Personal Data collected through our Services will be transferred to the United States. Also, the American personnel and some of the third-parties to whom we disclose Personal Data (as set out above) may be located in the United States and other countries outside of the European Union or Switzerland, including in countries to which you fly and that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as standard data protection contractual clauses to ensure that any transferred Personal Data, remains protected and secure. A copy of these clauses can be requested by emailing privacy@aa.com.
As described above in the “Local Laws” section, under data protection laws in the European Union and Switzerland, you have certain rights related to your Personal Data.
You may be entitled to exercise the right to:
object to the processing of Personal Data (for instance, where the basis of our processing is our legitimate interests, see section above “Legal Basis for Data Processing”), and we will stop processing your data. We will not resume processing unless we can establish compelling legitimate grounds that override your rights.
request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data (for instance, this can be done if the Personal Data is not accurate and needs to be updated). This can also be done in relation to data where the purposes of processing no longer apply, but you still need the data and do not want us to erase it.
request updating of your Personal Data (if you believe the information we have about you is not accurate or incomplete). You may ask us to update your Personal Data but we cannot modify it for previously flown bookings because that is the official record of the transaction.
request access to your Personal Data (for instance, if you wish to receive a copy of your information, confirmation as to whether we are processing your information, and information as to how we use your information), You may request access to your Personal Data but that may not include information relating to others that you either did not provide to us or who have not consented to the disclosure of their information to you.
request erasure of your Personal Data (for instance, if we have no legal basis to process the information and you have not given us your consent to do so, if the purposes of processing no longer apply, or if you have objected to the processing and we cannot establish compelling legitimate grounds to override your rights). Certain data may not be erased if we have a requirement to retain it for legal purposes, or if we have a contract with you as a member of AAdvantage® or Business Extra (as we need to be able to perform contractual obligations owed to you). You may ask us to delete your Personal Data, but we cannot do so if you have a pending flight booked with us.
request portability of your own Personal Data (the transfer of information you have provided to us, to another controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format), if such a request is technically possible to complete.
To exercise these rights please email us at privacy@aa.com.
When we receive a request to exercise one of these rights, we will indicate what Personal Data we require from you to validate your identity. We will also provide information on the action we intend to take on the request in accordance with applicable law.
We will respond to your request as soon as possible and no later than 30 days from receipt of the request. In certain circumstances this time may be extended by an additional two months, for example, where requests are complex or onerous. You may always contact our Data Protection Officer, at privacy@aa.com. If you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law, you may submit a complaint with a supervisory authority.
If you have other questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, or if you wish to issue a request to exercise your rights where applicable by law, please contact our Privacy Office at privacy@aa.com. Please provide your name and contact information along with the request. Alternatively, inquiries may be mailed to the following address:
American Airlines
Fort Worth, TX 76155 USA
