When you register on-line to receive our product information, you will need to provide us with your name, address and e-mail address. When you make a purchase through Oakley’s website, you also will need to give us your telephone number and credit card number so We can process your payment and contact you in the event of any problems with delivery. When you order through Oakley’s website, we collect your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number(s) and credit card number (with expiration date) or gift card number.
If you contact Our customer service department, you may need to provide Us with additional information so that We can respond to your questions or concerns as completely and thoroughly as possible.
In order to provide users and subscribers with the most efficient and enhanced service and to better understand your preferences, We may request your gender, year of birth, sports of interest, shopping preference and product interest. Whether or not you provide this information is entirely up to you.
We also may collect additional non-personally identifiable information (for example, browser version, IP address) which will provide information regarding the general use of Our website. The navigational information allows Us to see which areas of Our website are most visited and helps Us improve the quality of your online experience by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and services.
This website is exclusively directed to individuals residing in the United States and by providing your personal information you confirm to reside in the United States. As such, all personal information that We obtain about you will be recorded, used and protected by Us in accordance with current United States data protection legislation and this privacy policy. By providing Us with your personal information, you consent to Us processing this personal information in one or more of the ways described in this privacy policy.
We will primarily use your personal information to provide products and services to you, for example:
To process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment, and other related emails
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature and to provide you with the relevant products or services (for instance to deliver a prize you may have won in a contest).
To send you information/materials via e-mail or mail about products, offers and news We think could interest you. This information may relate to products, services, offers and news of Oakley products or any other products and services by any company affiliated with Us.
To analyze visits to the website and learn about the interests of our visitors as well as visitor’s physical features in the aggregate so we can improve Our products and services and deliver the best user experience.
The information obtained during an online purchase is utilized to improve your web experience by enabling you to obtain a faster checkout for purchases and/or opt-in to receive e-mails, which provide you with the latest and greatest information regarding Our other products and services.
You may, upon placement of an order, opt to allow Us to save the information for a speedier checkout process the next time. Your payment information is then stored only for the purposes of faster checkout and is not used for any other purpose.
Remember the items in your shopping basket
Recognize you when you return to our website
Analyze visitor behavior
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Please note, however, that by deleting Our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website.
We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies, including web beacons, to serve ads on Our behalf across the internet. These companies may collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit to Our websites about your interaction with Our communications, including advertising and e-mails. If you object to web beacons, we recommend that you follow the instructions for deleting existing cookies and disabling future cookies. We will still know how many of Our e-mails are opened and We will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device but we will not identify you as an individual.
We engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, order fulfillment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, website evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. We may need to share personal information with these third parties so that they can perform these services, however, We limit the personal information that We give to them and authorize them to use this information only for the purpose of performing those services.
In proceeding with your online order, you agree that both your name and address and those of the delivery name and address (if different) will be checked using third parties such as credit agencies. If you are providing a delivery name and address which is not your own you must have that person’s permission to give us their personal information and for us to use it for the purposes specified. By providing it you are saying you have their permission.
We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our agents, including agencies or third party vendors so that they can provide marketing analysis and consult on advertising strategies. This information does not identify individual users. We also may share non-personal information, such as the number of users who visited the website during a specific time period or who purchased a specific product through the website, with our marketing partners, advertisers and others from time to time. This information generally is shared in an aggregated form.
We may release personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; if We have been advised by counsel; We have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Oakley, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others.
As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, We might go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, sale of all or a portion of our assets or buying online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers will likely be transferred. You will be notified via a prominent notice on our site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. You will be deemed to have consented to the transfer of your personally identifiable information to any such successor entity unless you notify us via email to the contrary within the 30 day period.
Personal information submitted to or collected through this website may be stored and/or processed in the United States or abroad, United Kingdom, Italy or Canada for the purposes described in this privacy policy. By using Oakley products and services (including Our website), you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
We do not share, sell or rent to other third parties any personal information that you provide to Us, except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy.
We have a company policy not to flood people with e-mail correspondence, but simply to give you periodic information so you can stay up to date on what We are offering.
YOU can easily unsubscribe at any time you want by  contacting Our customer service department  or by following the instructions contained in the e-mail. It takes some time to put opt outs in effect so you may still receive emails from Us for several weeks after your request is received.
We also use your e-mail address to confirm your order and to confirm shipment of your order and to respond to any inquiries you make on-line. All e-mails you receive will provide you with information as to how to get off the e-mail mailing list if you so desire.
We will provide you with access to the personal information you provided to Us by allowing you to view, update or correct your information. In order to protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the private information or enabling you to make corrections. We will accomplish this through the use of passwords and personal data.
If you want to find out what personal information We hold about you, please  contact Our customer service department . We may charge you a small fee for providing this information.
 
This Privacy Policy describes how Oakley, Inc or any other company now or later affiliated with Luxottica Group S.p.A. (“We, “Us” or “Our”) will collect, use, and share the information that you provide to us as a result of your use of the Radar Pace wearable device, the Radar Pace application, and any website that links to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “Radar Pace” or our “Properties”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any of Oakley’s applications or websites that are not associated with Radar Pace.
NOTHING IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY SHALL BE CONSTRUED TO IMPAIR OR RESTRICT ANY OF YOUR STATUTORY RIGHTS UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LOCAL LAW.
Personal Information
We may collect personal information about you when you voluntarily provide us with such information. We collect this information when you use our products, communicate with Us, create or update your account information, participate in surveys or otherwise interact with Radar Pace. We may also receive personal information about you from third parties, such as any partners, affiliates, service providers, and subsidiaries We may have, and We may combine this information with any information that you provide to us. If We do not collect this personal information from you, We may not be able to provide you with the services you have requested.
The personal information that We collect may include your name, your contact information (such as your email address), your date of birth, your weight, and your gender. This may be combined with other information collected through your use of Radar Pace, such as:
The precise location of your Radar Pace wearable device and/or the device on which the application is installed (see below for more information); and
Activity and workout information, including the date, time, and duration of your workout, information about your heart rate, average speed, distance traveled, elevation change, calories burned, and information about the route you took during your workout; and
• Information from and about any sensors that you pair with Radar Pace, including a heart rate monitor, foot pod, power meter, cadence sensor, and speed sensor.
Non-Personal Information
We may collect non-personal information about you through our Properties. Such information may include your device identifier, your browser type and version, your operating system type and version, the time and date of your visit to our website or application, your activities when using the Radar Pace Properties, and your preference settings. We may collect such information through various technologies, such as cookies eTags, web beacons, or log files.
Location Information
We may also collect precise geolocation data pertaining to your wearable device and/or mobile device and associate it with the personal information that you provide and other information that We collect. We may collect this information in the background even if you are not using Radar Pace. For example, we may collect precise latitude/longitude coordinates from your device over time, or location data from other sources such as Wi-Fi or cell tower signals. We use this information to provide our services to you such as to calculate your distance traveled, measure speed or pace, map your route, and provide coaching feedback. If you do not want to provide your mobile device location to Us, please use the settings available on your mobile device to limit this sharing. If you do not want to provide your wearable device’s location to Us, please turn off the device. If you choose to limit Our ability to collect information about your precise location, certain of Radar Pace’s features may not work.
Voice Recognition
Radar Pace is designed to allow users to operate certain device functions using voice commands. While the device is turned on, users can activate these functions by saying an activation command followed by directing Radar Pace to perform the desired function. For this functionality to work, Radar Pace must listen for the activation command while it is in use. If you want to turn off this functionality, you can say “stop listening” or you can turn Radar Pace off. This will work until you say “Ok Radar” again, and isn’t applicable from session to session, so if you reopen the application or turn the device off and on again, then the device will be listening and collecting data. We will collect your voice interactions with Radar Pace over time in order to provide and improve Radar Pace. We may also collect audio information in the background even when you are not actively using Radar Pace.
Third-Party Services
We may use analytics services provided by third parties, which use various technologies to collect information about your activities on Radar Pace, and across other sites over time, for non-advertising purposes.
We may use both personal and non-personal information that We collect from you for purposes including:
To operate the product, including providing you with Radar Pace’s coaching features and to respond to your directions;
To operate, maintain, and improve Radar Pace;
To communicate with you, including responding to your communications with Us and sending you communications about Radar Pace;
For Our own marketing purposes;
For Our research, recordkeeping, and reporting purposes, including for product development;
To personalize and improve your experience of Our Properties;
To monitor Our Properties for compliance with our Terms of Service; and
To prevent fraud and to protect Oakley, other individuals, and the integrity of Our system.
We may share both personal and non-personal information as follows:
With service providers that help Us operate, maintain, and improve Radar Pace and other products or services of Ours;
With government entities as needed to provide Our services and where required by law;
As part of a sale or merger of all or part of Oakley, including at bankruptcy;
Pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;
To investigate, respond to or resolve problems or inquiries (including law enforcement requests) or protect, enforce, or defend our rights, assets, and/or interests;
To prevent or respond to a violation of any law, regulation, or our Terms of Service; or
With your consent or as otherwise disclosed at the time of collection, or as otherwise required or authorized by applicable law.
Some of these recipients may be located in countries including the United States, where Our servers are located.
We may also share aggregate information or de-identified information with third parties in Our sole discretion.
Radar Pace may include social media plug-ins that link to and share information with third-party social media websites. If you use these tools to share information about your use of Our Properties or otherwise interact with any social media features on our website, those social media companies may collect information about you and may use and disclose that information in accordance with their own privacy policies and your account settings. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy of any social media company before using any social media plug-ins to understand the practices that will apply to any information that you provide to these companies.
Enter your email to stay in the know
Email Address *
By clicking sign up, you agree to receive our newsletter for information on news, promotions, products & offers. For more details see our Privacy Policy .
Sign Up
You're shopping on the Oakley Pro Site
Order limit remaining:
Your cart total exceeds the amount allowed per transaction. Please remove some items to complete your purchase.
GET READY TO SHOP!
Welcome to the Oakley Pro Site
Your exclusive Oakley Pro Site employee pricing is available anytime at Oakley.com.
Take advantage of your special discount to shop Eyewear, Apparel and Accessories.
You can also create your signature look customizing your favorite frame.
See all terms and conditions here .
PREPARE TO SHOP
Welcome to the Oakley Pro Site
Thanks for joining; your exclusive Oakley Pro Site discount is available anytime at Oakley.com.  Your annual purchase limit is $5,000.  Once you have purchased $5,000 of gear, your discount will be deactivated until the following year.  If you have any questions, please send an email to ProSite@oakley.com .
Items purchased from the Oakley Pro Site are not eligible for returns, all sales are final.
Products purchased from the Pro Site are for personal use only and are not to be resold or distributed.  Users found to be reselling product purchased from the Pro Site will be terminated from the program and may face further investigation.
Pro Site deals are not eligible to be combined with any other advertised offers, promotions or discounts. Pro Site purchases are not eligible for free shipping. Some items may not be eligible for discounts including, but not limited to: wearable electronics, gift cards and limited edition products.
Email to a friend
From
To
Note
How was your experience? Call 800 403 7449
Got feedback on our new website? Call us now!
