× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Vermontcountrystore.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Vermontcountrystore.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.vermontcountrystore.com/store/compan... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
This website, http://www.vermontcountrystore.com, is owned and operated by The Vermont Country Store. This Privacy Policy pertains to information collected online via this website, and does not apply to information collected from other sources. The Vermont Country Store may be contacted by email at [email protected] , by phone at 800-547-7849, or by mail at:
The Vermont Country Store 5650 Main Street Manchester Center, VT 05255
Information Collected
Certain anonymous information is collected automatically by our site. This information may include visitor domain name, IP address, and referring domain. This information is tracked in server logs, and may be used for troubleshooting purposes. Our website also collects aggregate information, such as page views and visits, in an effort to keep our content relevant to our customers. This information is not customer-specific.
Personal information collected by our site is used for transactional and/or promotional and marketing purposes, and is encrypted using the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol before transmission and storage. Personal information may include your name, address, and credit card number. We collect and use such information to better enhance your shopping experience, and for other transactional and promotional purposes, such as to:
Process, track, and fulfill your orders
Market our products and services
Inform you of special offers and promotions
Include you in surveys and contests
Manage and develop The Vermont Country Store's business and operations
Contact you for any other legitimate business purpose
We may share your name and address information with certain trusted resources unless you choose to be put on our do-not-share list. To be put on our do-not-share list, please contact our Customer Service department.
Cookies and Tracking Pixels
A Cookie is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow The Vermont Country Store website to keep track of your order information, such as items placed in your Shopping Bag. Cookies also allow us to provide customers with a more personalized experience.
Tracking Pixels are small images that are used by the website to identify pages that are being viewed by customers. No personal data is collected when these images are viewed. Aggregate data from Tracking Pixels is used to improve the customer experience. Cookies and Tracking Pixels may be disabled in your browser. If disabled, however, certain portions of The Vermont Country Store website may not function.
The Vermont Country Store may contract with third parties who may also use Cookies and Tracking Pixels to collect data on our behalf, or to provide services such as credit card processing, shipping, promotional services or data management. These third parties are prohibited from sharing that information with anyone other than The Vermont Country Store or our partners.
Account Registration
To make online shopping easier, you may register for an account on our website. Information provided by you, such as name and billing address, will be stored securely for future use. You may access and update this information at any time. By creating an account and sharing you billing or email address, you will be added to our customer mailing list, and may receive periodic mailings from us. You may opt out of these mailings at the time of account registration, or by contacting our Customer Service department.
Children’s Privacy
Our Web site is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
California Privacy Rights
The Vermont Country Store may from time to time share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. California residents who provide personal information when purchasing products may request information about the customer information shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. Each consumer may request our direct marketing information once per year, and our response will cover the immediately preceding calendar year. This information would include the categories of shared customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information.
Policy Changes
Changes to this policy may occur in the future. Changes to our Privacy Policy will be posted to The Vermont Country Store website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically.
This is version 1 , from 5 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
