Privacy Policy
MoMA PS1 is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our website. MoMA PS1 does not collect personal information about individuals, such as names and mailing or e-mail addresses, unless the individual visiting the MoMA PS1 knowingly provides it. By using the MoMA PS1 Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of MoMA PS1’s Privacy Policy. MoMA PS1’s Privacy Policy is outlined below.
MoMA PS1’s policy on collecting information on the MoMA PS1 Website
Online Surveys
From time to time, MoMA PS1 may invite you to participate in surveys posted on the MoMA PS1 Website or sent to you by e-mail. You may decide whether or not you wish to complete such surveys, which may ask about your background, occupation, or similar questions. We use this information to help us better understand our audience, which in turn allows us to better meet your needs and interests.
Online Contests
MoMA PS1 may occasionally offer visitors the opportunity to participate in online contests or sweepstakes. If you choose to enter, you will need to provide your name and e-mail address so that we may contact you in connection with the contest. We may also request that you provide us with certain other information, such as your zip code, state of residence and grade in school (provided that you are at least thirteen years of age).
Children Twelve and Under
MoMA PS1 does not solicit personal information from children. Visitors twelve years of age and under should remember that they are required to obtain an adult's permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other website.
MoMA PS1 E-News
As a service, MoMA PS1 offers visitors to the MoMA PS1 Website the opportunity to subscribe to one or more of our online newsletters, a service hosted by a contractor that has agreed to use the e-mail address you provide only to send E-News to you. If you choose to subscribe, you will receive MoMA PS1 E-News on the topics you choose. You may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time by following the E-News instructions.
Cookies
Cookies are small files of information that are stored on your computer's hard drive by your Web browser. The cookies we use do not contain any personal information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept them.
Search Engines
This site uses a tool which collects your requests for pages and passes elements of them to search engines to assist them in indexing this site. We control the configuration of the tool and are responsible for any information sent to the search engines.
MoMA PS1’s policy on the use and disclosure of the information it collects on the MoMA PS1 Website
We may share the names and postal addresses we receive from members and donors with other nonprofit organizations. If you do not want to have your information used in this way, you may send an e-mail message containing your name and postal address to privacy_ps1@moma.org .      If you have provided us with your e-mail address, we may send you e-mails in order to inform you of events or activities at or related to MoMA PS1 that we believe may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your e-mail address to contact you for these purposes, you may send an e-mail message containing your name and postal address to privacy_ps1@moma.org .      We may combine information you give to us online with information you give us at MoMA PS1 or with publicly available information and information we received from or have cross-referenced with our third-party vendors and others. We use this combined information to communicate with you about events that may be of interest to you, or for other promotional purposes.
Use of Outside Vendors
MoMA PS1 may from time to time retain qualified third-party vendors in order to help us manage the MoMA PS1 Website and allow us to better serve our visitors and customers. These may include third-party vendors we engage to analyze the information we collect on the MoMA PS1 Website for marketing or similar purposes. MoMA PS1 requires its vendors to maintain the security of the information to which they are provided access and restricts the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by MoMA PS1.       We may contract with third parties who use cookies to collect information on our behalf. These parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information. If you would like to opt out of this use of your information, you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept cookies. We may contract with companies or others to provide certain services, including credit card processing, data management, promotional services, etc. We provide these service providers with the information they need to perform these services, but we restrict the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by MoMA PS1.
Linking
The MoMA PS1 Website may include links to websites operated by third parties over which we have no control. Once you leave the MoMA PS1 Website, the MoMA PS1 Privacy Policy will not apply, and you access such sites at your own risk.
Revisions to our Privacy Policy
Please note that MoMA PS1 may revise its privacy policy at any time, without notice, such changes to be effective immediately upon posting on the MoMA PS1 Website. Such revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy, or other factors. We encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy.
Contact MoMA PS1
Send your questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy policy or any other aspect of our website to privacy_ps1@moma.org .
HOURS
Closed: Tues + Wed
(718) 784-2084  | mail_ps1@moma.org
© 2012 MoMA PS1
