Have an issue with a financial product? Submit a complaint
Privacy
We collect only the minimum amount of personally identifiable information (PII) we need, whether it is to assist with your issue or to work on consumer issues broadly. 
Before we collect PII we tell you what we are collecting, why we are collecting it, and how we are going to use it. We work to ensure that the PII we have about you is accurate, relevant, timely, and complete.
Our work
Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs)
Privacy Impact Assessments (PIAs) identify and mitigate privacy risks. We conduct our PIAs using a standard template based on a series of questions about how we ensure consistency with each principle.
System of Records Notices (SORNs) describe personal information that we receive, why we receive it, how we use it, and why and how we may share it.
Privacy policy
The Bureau can be more effective in its mission where trust exists between consumers and the agency that works to protect them. At the CFPB, the Chief Privacy Officer leads the Privacy Team in building and maintaining that trust, and is responsible for all of the CFPB’s privacy compliance and operational activities. The privacy policy highlights our commitment to privacy.
We take protecting your personal digital privacy extremely seriously. We have outlined consumerfinance.gov policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.
Privacy policy for non-U.S. citizens
As a matter of discretion, the CFPB will treat any PII that it maintains in its mixed systems of records as being subject to the provisions of the Privacy Act, regardless of whether or not the information relates to U.S. persons covered by the Privacy Act.
Amend information on record
If you know or suspect that the CFPB has information about you that is inaccurate, irrelevant, untimely, or incomplete, the Privacy Act allows you to request that the information be corrected or amended.
File a privacy complaint
We take your privacy seriously, and have created a process by which you can formally file a complaint with our Chief Privacy Officer.
Disclosures of records and information
Read the final rule that established procedures for the public to obtain information from the CFPB. 
JUL 18, 2012
Privacy
We hold ourselves accountable for appropriately handling any personally identifiable information we collect. We train all our employees so they know how to ensure that your information is protected. Let us know if you have questions about our privacy program or how we handle information.
Chief Privacy Officer and Senior Agency Official for Privacy
Claire Stapleton
