Welcome to King Care
King Care is the home of our worldwide community of players.
Need help?
You can get help by asking the community, or pay it forward by answering questions yourself.
Explore the community
Connect with fellow King fans to talk about your favourite games and more!
Got it!
Check out our new site!
We have a new version of King Care packed with cool new features. If you would like to give it a try, click on 'let's go'!
Privacy Policy
1. Introduction
We at King respect the privacy of everyone who uses the King Care website ("King Care"). In this document we refer to King.com Limited as "King" "us", "we" or "our" and we refer to you as "you" and "your". 
This document, the "Privacy Policy", explains how we collect, process and store any personal data belonging to you, meaning information about you which is personally identifiable such as your name, address, telephone number or email address. Such information is referred to throughout this policy as "Personal Information" or "data".
By accessing and/or using King Care you consent to us collecting, processing, storing and sharing your Personal Information in the ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns about providing data to us or having it used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy you should not use King Care. As set out in the terms and conditions relating to King Care, you must be at least 13 years old to access and use King Care.
2. About us
We are a company called King.com Limited. We are registered in Malta, with registered number C42504. Our registered office is Aragon Business Centre Level 4, Dragonara Road, St Julians STJ3140, Malta. We are registered with the data protection authority in Malta.
3. Information we collect about you, and how we collect it
We may collect and process the following data about you:
information that you provide us with when you fill in forms or create posts on King Care, or when you create an account with us;
details of your use of King Care and the resources that you access (for example, information about how and when you use King Care, or what device you use to access King Care);
if you contact us or respond to messages and communications that we or other users of King Care send to you, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
your interactions with us on our social media channels; and
information we collect via cookies, as explained further below.
Cookies
We use cookies and other similar technologies. Cookies are small files which store some information on your computer or mobile device. We use cookies and similar technologies:
to allow us to recognise you and your device, for example by identifying your IP address;
to allow King Care to interact with a third party social network or platform (where you have chosen to allow such interaction, for example to use your Facebook account to sign in to King Care);
to provide you with more customized Services, for example to provide King Care in the correct language; and
to obtain data which will allow us to understand how people are using King Care so that we can improve it.
By accessing or using King Care you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You can disable cookies through your web or phone browser settings but you may find you are not able to enjoy all the features of King Care if you do so.
4. How will we use your Personal Information?
You agree that we (or a supplier or group company acting on our behalf and only under our instructions) may use your Personal Information:
as necessary in order to provide the King Care service;
for the purposes of contacting you, for example as part of customer service or to send you updates about King Care;
for the purposes of managing your account and relationship with us and improving your experience when you use King Care;
for the purposes of research, surveying, and engaging with you, for example by sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes;
for the purposes of marketing and promotion of King’s products, for example sending you communications (including by email) for these purposes on our, or a third party's behalf. For example, we might send you information about merchandise relating to our games. If you do not want us to use your data in this way please let us know by contacting us at  privacy@support.king.com ;
to create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence, for example to track potential problems or trends with King Care;
for the purposes of preventing cheating, crime or fraud. We may also need to pass your information to fraud prevention agencies and other organisations involved in crime and fraud prevention; or
as otherwise expressly set out in this Privacy Policy or as required by law.
5. Will we share your Personal Information with third parties?
We will only share your data with third parties (for example, our group companies or suppliers):
with your consent (including as set out in this Privacy Policy);
as reasonably necessary in order to provide King Care to you. For example, in addition to your user name, any questions, answers or submissions that you post to King Care will be publicly available and any data you provide can be read and/or used by other users of King Care. You should therefore only share content that you are comfortable sharing publicly;
where it is necessary to carry out your instructions;
where your data is on an anonymous and aggregated basis, meaning you could not be personally identified from it;
when you submit information as part of a competition or otherwise interact with our social media channels (for example, by providing a testimonial about King Care or one of our games) we may publish the information you submitted, alongside your name and home country on our website and social media channels;
as we reasonably believe is permitted by law or regulation;
in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and/or any other agreement with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of King, our users, or others;
in the event that there is a sale of the assets of King or corporate restructuring, or as a result of a change of control of King or one of its group companies, or in preparation of any of these events. Any third party to which King transfers of sells King's assets will have the right to continue to use the personal and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not sell or rent your information to any third party outside of these circumstances.
6. Interaction with third party social networks or platforms
You may allow King Care to interact with a third party social network or platform, which will provide data about you to us. These applications or websites are created and maintained by a third party which is not a part of, or controlled by King. You should ensure that you read their terms of service and privacy policies to understand how they treat your data and what data they might share with us.
You can make changes to what data a third party social network or platform shares with us, or stop King Care interacting with that social network or platform by adjusting your settings with that third party provider, however you may find you are not able to enjoy all of the same features of King Care.
7. For how long will we retain your information?
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which it was collected or as needed to provide you with King Care and related customer support. We may retain your Personal Information after you have closed any account you have with us or after we have ceased providing King Care to you if retention of your Personal Information is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between our users, prevent fraud, cheating or abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policyor any other agreement we may have with a user.
8. Will we transfer your Personal Information overseas?
Your Personal Information may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (" EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Personal Information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
9. How do we protect your Personal Information?
The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical and physical safeguards to protect your Personal Information against accidental or unlawful destruction or loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure or access, use and all other unlawful forms of processing of the data in our possession. We use the same level of skill in protecting your Personal Information as other similar website providers. However, since the internet is not a completely secure environment we cannot guarantee that information you transmit via King Care will not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our safeguards.
10. Links from King Care
We may provide links to third party websites from King Care. You understand that when you click on these links any data, which you provide thereafter, is subject to such third party's Privacy Policy and not to ours. Although we will endeavour only to link to reputable websites, King takes no responsibility for the content, safety or security of any third party website.
11. Your rights in relation to your Personal Information
You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your Personal Information, please contact us at privacy@support.king.com  - we may make a small charge for this.
We want to make sure that your Personal Information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to modify, correct or remove information by contacting us at the email address above.
Information that you have shared via King Care on any social network or third party platform cannot be amended or deleted by us where it is in the control of that social network or third party platform. In addition, where any third party copies information which you have made available via the use of King Care (for example, one of your friends on a social network you allow to interact with your account), we may not be able to amend or delete it because it may not be in our control.
You have the right to ask us not to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes. To change your marketing preferences, or to unsubscribe, please contact us at  privacy@support.king.com
12. How to contact us
To find out more about how your Personal Information will be used please contact us by email at the address above.
13. Complaints
We hope that you won't have any complaints about us or King Care. If you are unhappy with our use of your Personal Information then please email  privacy@support.king.com . You also have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if there is a problem.
14. Legal matters
If any court or other competent authority finds any of the terms of this Privacy Policy to be invalid or unenforceable, the other terms of this Privacy Policy will not be affected.
This Privacy Policy is governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of England. Any dispute arising in connection with this Privacy Policy will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England unless you choose the courts of your home country. 
We are constantly innovating and looking for new ways to improve King Care and our games. We may therefore amend this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect such improvements or any other changes to our business. We will endeavour to tell you about any significant changes to this Privacy Policy which we feel may disadvantage you in any material way. If you object to any of the changes you should immediately stop using King Care and close any account you may have with us. 
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 9 December 2014.
