BikeBandit.com Return Policy
The BikeBandit.com return policy is simple. We accept all returns that meet the following conditions:
In order to be a valid return, contact BikeBandit.com’s Returns staff for a Return Authorization or click the Return/Exchange Item link on your order details. Be sure your return reaches BikeBandit.com within the timelines outlined above (15 days from delivery for OEM parts, 30 days from delivery for Aftermarket or Apparel Items.)
All acceptable aftermarket and accessory returns that meet our return conditions below are credited for 100% of the merchandise value (including sales tax for orders shipped within CA). Returns on all OEM parts are subject to restocking fees of 20% of the merchandise.
Original Manufacturer Packaging
Please note that all items will have to include all original packaging in good condition. (Free from scratches, blemishes, tears, dents, and markings – including writing of any kind.) If BikeBandit.com receives your return with damaged or missing the original packaging the item will be rejected, and your return will not be processed.
Unused Condition
BikeBandit.com is unable to accept returned items that have been installed, used or damaged.
Restocking Fees
OEM items are subject to a 20% Restocking fee.* Restocking fees do not apply to most Aftermarket items.
*Why is there a Fee? We return all OEM parts to the manufacturer. Because of this, we must face two charges: the cost to ship the item to the manufacturer and their respective restocking fee charges. BikeBandit.com will cover this return shipping expense but we pass on a portion of the restocking fee charged to us by the manufacturer to our customers.
Electrical Parts
Like your local dealer, BikeBandit.com is unable to accept returns on OEM electrical parts. Certain aftermarket items are exempt from this condition – please contact us before returning electrical items.
Closeout Items
BikeBandit.com does NOT accept returns of items purchased when they are marked closeout. In some cases, we may allow a closeout item to be returned/exchanges for Bandit Bucks.
Please contact Customer Service for more details.
Exchanges
 
How to Return an Item
Please see below for details on how to Submit a Return
Login to your BikeBandit.com account and click on “My Account”.
Once you are viewing your order history, click on the order number for the item.
Once you have accessed the order you will just need to click on “Return/Exchange Item”.
Now all you need to do is fill out the online form and one of our Customer Service Representatives will call you on the day and time you chose.
It’s that easy!
BikeBandit.com includes plenty of packing material with every order. When returning something to us, please re-pack all items using the materials we sent. Keep in mind that shipping companies can be very tough on packages! Please be sure not to write on or damage the Manufacturer’s packaging material as this can make an item un-returnable.
BikeBandit.com ships all items in re-useable shipping envelopes and boxes. When returning an item please use the original box provided with shipping material or purchase a new box if need be.
Contacting Customer Service
We do our best to answer all the frequently asked questions in the topics outlined above. If your question hasn’t been completely addressed, use the links below to contact our Customer Service Staff.
For more information visit  BikeBandit.com
Popular
