Thank you for visiting our internet website (“Site”).  Your privacy is important to us, and we are providing you with this Erie Insurance Group Online Privacy Policy (“Online Privacy Policy”) to give you information about how we manage information gathered from this Site managed by the Erie Insurance Group and its affiliates (“ERIE”). 
In addition to the information in this Online Privacy Policy, ERIE provides other notices describing ERIE’s information use and disclosure practices related to other transactions and relationships you may have with ERIE.  Such other notices will be presented to you when these situations arise in your dealings with ERIE.  This Online Privacy Policy applies only to that information you supply to ERIE through your use and access of the Site.
How We Collect, Use and Share Information
 
Site Functions
You may be required to provide certain information in order to use some of the functions on this Site (“Site Function(s)”).  Examples of Site Functions available through ERIE Sites include the Get an Auto Quote function, the File a Claim function, the Pay My Bill function and the Access My Account function.  Each Site Function will provide guidance regarding whether and what information is necessary to utilize the function. Site Functions may be modified from time to time, and different functions may require different information.
You are not obligated to provide any requested information, but it might not be possible to process your request or grant you access to certain Site Functions without the information requested.  For instance, it is necessary for you to provide certain personal information in order to obtain a quote.  If you are ever asked for personal information as part of your visit to this Site, and you do not want to provide that information, simply do not proceed with that Site Function.
Information Use and Disclosure
We only use and disclose personal information collected through this Site as permitted or required by law in conjunction with our normal insurance operations. Here are some examples:
We may disclose information to others such as our claims adjusters and our attorneys in the processing of an insurance claim;
We may be required by a court of law to provide information in connection with a legal proceeding;
We may share information with consumer reporting agencies and insurance support organizations;
We may share information with government agencies which conduct examinations of our procedures; and
We may use information to enable site functionality or presentation of relevant information.
We may also share information collected through the Site with our affiliates or companies that perform marketing services on our behalf to assist us in providing information regarding our products and services to you. These companies are required to keep such information confidential.
Information Security
While your personal information is under our control, access is limited to those who have legitimate business needs for such information. In accordance with applicable state and federal regulations we maintain physical, procedural and electronic safeguards to protect the privacy and confidentiality of information collected through this Site while it is under our control.
Site Usage Details, IP Addresses and Cookies
As you use and navigate through the Site, we may collect information related to your visits to our Site, including for example, IP address, traffic data, geographic data, reference website data and other communication data.  We may also collect individual or aggregate data relating to the resources that you access, as well as information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type and internet usage data.  Some information collected may result in the identification of a particular computer; however, ERIE does not use such information to identify any individual.
We transmit non-personally identifiable information to third party service providers (e.g. Google) that collect website statistics. We also transmit non-personally identifiable information to third party service providers (e.g. AddThis) that may use such information during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
One method of collecting such information is through the use of cookies. A cookie is a small file stored on your computer.  Use of cookies helps us to improve our Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to: estimate our audience size and usage patterns; store information about your preferences allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests; speed up your searches; and recognize you when you return to our Site.  You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  However, if you activate such a setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of our Site.  Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Site.
Information may also be collected automatically through web beacons contained on certain pages of our Site. Web beacons are small electronic files also referred to as clear gifs. pixel tags and single-pixel gifs that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).
E-mail and Site Communications Functions
This Site uses Hypertext Transfer Protocol Secure (or HTTPS—a widely used communications protocol for secure communications) for communications functions. Unless otherwise noted, e-mail addresses that may be available on this Site do not provide a completely secure and confidential means of communication. It is possible that such communications may be improperly accessed or viewed by another internet user on an unauthorized basis while in transit. If you wish to keep your information completely private, you should not use e-mail.
Children
This Site is not directed to children, and ERIE does not request or intend to collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.
Changes to This Online Privacy Policy
We may change this Online Privacy Policy from time to time. When changes are made, the Version Date, which is located below, will be updated. We encourage you to read this Online Privacy Policy periodically to see if there are any changes that might affect you.
Your continued use of the Site after any changes are posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.  We may terminate, suspend or discontinue any aspect of this Site, including the availability of any feature at any time.  We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict access to all or part of the Site without notice or liability.
Questions
You may reach us with questions concerning our Online Privacy Policy by telephone using the Contact Customer Care phone number on our Home Page, by e-mail through the link in the “Contact Us” box on our Home Page, or by mail at the address in the “Contact Us” box on our Home Page.
Version Date: 09/25/2013
YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Insurance companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal and state law gives consumers the right to limit some, but not all, sharing. Federal and state law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
     • Social Security number, date of birth, driving record, income,
     • Credit history, credit-based insurance scores, insurance claim history, payment history.
How?
Insurance companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons insurance companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Erie Insurance chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your
nonpublic personal information
Does Erie Insurance share?
Can you limit sharing?
For our everyday business purposes–as permitted or required by law, we may disclose information about you to third parties such as:
     • Erie Insurance agents and other companies to process and service insurance transactions
     •           Claims adjusters and attorneys in the processing of an insurance claim
     • A court of law in connection with a legal proceeding
     • Consumer reporting agencies and insurance support organizations
     • Government agencies which conduct examinations of our procedures.
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes–to offer our products and services to you, we may disclose information we receive from you on applications or other forms such as your name and contact information to companies that perform marketing services for us such as Erie Insurance agents, mail houses and data processors.
Yes
No
For joint marketing with other financial companies–we may disclose information we receive from you on applications or other forms such as your name and contact information to other financial companies with which we have joint marketing agreements such as Erie Insurance agents.
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes–information about your transactions and experiences – this can include information such as your policy coverage, premiums, and payment history.
Yes
No
For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes–information about your creditworthiness – this can include information we receive from a credit reporting agency such as insurance score and claims history.
Yes
Yes*
No
     • Visit us online: erieinsurance.com/contact-erie/opt-out
* Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing this information among the Erie Insurance affiliates 30 days from the date we provided this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share and protect your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Who we are
Who is providing this notice?
The Erie Insurance Group companies including property and casualty and life insurance licensees and financial companies listed below are providing this notice.
What we do
How does Erie Insurance protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We protect your nonpublic personal information under our control by:
     • limiting access for legitimate business needs and
     • maintaining physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
How does Erie Insurance collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
     • apply for insurance
     • pay insurance premiums
     • give us your income information
     • give us your contact information.
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies including, for example, from:
     • your insurance agent or producer
     • you on applications or other forms such as claims forms or underwriting questionnaires
     • your transactions with Erie Insurance affiliates listed below or others
     • consumer reporting agencies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal and state law gives you the right to limit only:
     • sharing for affiliates everyday business purposes–information about your creditworthiness and insurability
     • affiliates from using your information to market to you
     • sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
What happens when I limit sharing for a policy I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your policy.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Our affiliates include companies affiliated with Erie Insurance Exchange; financial companies such as Erie Indemnity Company and insurance licensees such as Erie Insurance Exchange, Flagship City Insurance Company and Erie Family Life Insurance Company.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. Erie Insurance does not share with non-Erie Insurance companies so they can market their products to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market insurance products or services to you. Our joint marketing partners include insurance licensees such as Erie Insurance agents.
     • Erie Insurance Exchange
     • Erie Indemnity Company
     • Erie Insurance Company
     • Flagship City Insurance Company
     • E I Service Corp
     • Erie Resource Management Corp
New York Customers Only
Pursuant to New York Insurance Law section 2612 and Regulation 168 (11 NYCRR 244), Erie Insurance Group (“ERIE”) has procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of persons covered by an insurance policy that have a valid order of protection against the policyholder or other persons covered by the policy.
Upon delivery to ERIE by an insured of a valid order of protection, ERIE will for the duration of the order keep confidential and not disclose to the policyholder or other persons the insured’s address and telephone number; or the name, address, and telephone number of a person providing covered services to the insured. If a child is the insured, then this right may be asserted by the child’s parent or guardian.
New York Insurance Law section 2612 also requires health insurers, which includes Workers’ Compensation insurers, to accommodate a reasonable request made by a person covered by an insurance policy to receive communications of claim-related information by alternative means or at alternative locations. Except with the express consent of the person making the request, a health insurer may not disclose to the policyholder: (1) the address, telephone number, or any other personally identifying information of the person who made the request or child for whose benefit a request was made; (2) the nature of the health care services provided; or (3) the name or address of the provider of the covered services.
To make a request: To submit a valid order of protection or make a reasonable request, and to specify an alternative means of contact, please contact ERIE at the address and telephone number listed below.
To revoke a request: To revoke a request, an insured must send a notarized statement seeking revocation to the address below.
Erie Insurance Group
Erie, PA 16530
1-800-458-0811 , ext. 3117
 
Purpose
The purpose of this policy is to protect ERIE’s reputation by providing guidance to operate in a safe, responsible fashion within the social media environment.
Scope
This guidance applies to any use of ERIE resources to access and post or comment at a Social Media site; or activity on any Web site that reveals or should reveal, directly or indirectly, a relationship with ERIE, as an Employee, Agent (including agency representatives), or business associate (consultant, supplier, or vendor), where readers could reasonably be expected to associate the post or comment with ERIE. This guidance is not in any way intended to restrict personal use of Social Media sites that does not relate to an Employee, Agent or business associate’s relationship with ERIE. Although this guidance may be targeted to Social Media, it may, and often does, apply generally as well.
Social Media is technology for communication. Current examples include Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Instagram. New ways to communicate by Social Media come up often, and this list is not intended to be comprehensive. ERIE may add new channels or methods to communicate by Social Media from time to time without updating this policy.
ERIE expects all Employees, Agents and business associates to comply with the principles stated in this policy as well as any other applicable policies, procedures, guidelines and contractual provisions, which may be implemented and updated by ERIE from time to time.
Policy statement
Employees, Agents, business associates and Customers may access Social Media for a wide range of business and personal reasons, and ERIE recognizes that Social Media provides unique and novel opportunities to participate in interactive discussions and share information.
With these considerations in mind, ERIE developed and implemented a strategy to use Social Media by reaching out to target audiences, developing beneficial relationships and fostering operational efficiencies. ERIE will adjust its Social Media strategy in response to opportunities and challenges.
With ERIE’s core company principles as stated in ERIE’s Code of Conduct and the benefits and challenges presented by Social Media in mind, ERIE states the following guiding principles for participating in Social Media:
Honest and ethical conduct and fair dealing;
Compliance with applicable governmental laws, rules and regulations;
Protection of ERIE assets, including corporate opportunities and confidential information;
Protection of the rights of others.
In addition to the four guiding principles stated above, ERIE states the following expectations, which are not merely aspirational, but set forth some basic rules that should be followed to ensure ERIE’s core values are not compromised.
Legal and regulatory compliance. Social Media should never be used in a way that violates any law, any legal obligation, or that violates any ERIE policies or Employee, Agent or business associate obligations to ERIE. Without limitation, ERIE specifically expects its Employees, Agents and business associates to comply with advertising, anti-trust, trade secret, patent, trademark and copyright, information privacy, record retention, anti-discrimination and harassment, and financial disclosure laws and regulations.
Guidance. Additional policies, procedures and guidelines, which provide further and more-detailed guidance, are available to Employees and Agents. Similarly, ERIE may impose contractual obligations on Agents and business associates.
ERIE expects its Employees, Agents and business associates to know their obligations under such agreements, policies and procedures and to comply with each such obligation.
Responsibility and accountability. Social Media is a generally public forum, and posts and comments might be viewed or read by anyone. Regardless of the context, Employees, Agents and business associates are personally responsible and accountable for their communications in Social Media.
ERIE resources, Web sites and hosted Social Media sites. ERIE may monitor, archive and limit access to Social Media via ERIE information systems.
ERIE reserves the right to remove inappropriate comments from its hosted Social Media sites.
Statements about ERIE and others. Only individuals who are specifically authorized to speak on ERIE’s behalf may do so. Statements or advertisements about ERIE and its products or services or ERIE’s competitors must be truthful and may not be misleading or deceptive.
If an Employee, Agent or business associate endorses ERIE or its products and services, he or she must disclose his or her relationship with ERIE.
Privacy. The privacy and security of personal information is essential to the trust ERIE has built with its Customers and prospects. ERIE’s Privacy Notice provides information on the collection, use and security of such information. Employees, Agents and business associates should always protect personal information and be mindful of the privacy policies of third party Web sites, including Social Media sites.
Respect confidential information. As with Customer and prospect information, ERIE respects privacy, publicity and property rights of others and expects its Employees, Agents and business associates to do so as well by honoring obligations to protect confidential information regardless of the source.
Research or investigation. Use of social media for research or investigation purposes while conducting ERIE business should be limited to publicly available information. Any requests to connect with another person or entity online for business purposes must not be misleading, deceptive or misrepresent a relationship with or connection to ERIE.
Comply with Web site terms of use. Web sites, including Social Media Web sites, generally have terms of use and other policies. ERIE expects all Employees, Agents and business associates to comply with the terms that govern the use of such Web sites.
Respect others. Never post anything that is vulgar, obscene, threatening, intimidating, harassing or discriminatory, including comments or images that are discriminatory, harassing or hostile based on age, ancestry, citizenship, color, disability, gender identity, genetic information, marital status, military status, national origin, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, pregnancy, breastfeeding, or any other protected class, status or characteristic.
Violations. Violation of this Erie Insurance Corporate Social Media Policy or any other policies, procedures, guidelines or contractual provisions may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of ERIE’s relationship with an Employee, Agent or business associate.
ERIE expects its Employees, Agents and business associates to report any known or perceived violations of this policy, as well as those policies, procedures, guidelines or contractual provisions referenced above.
Reports can be made to any of the contacts listed in the Code of Conduct, to the ERIE Ethicsline , or by calling 866-469-4708.
