Dealer Locator
Last Updated: February 2008
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company Europe Limited ("Cooper") has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make use of the many features of the Cooper Web site ("Web Site"). When you use the Web Site, you consent to the use of your personal information by Cooper in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy. This policy may change periodically, so please check back from time to time. For your information, the date of the last update to this Privacy Policy is stated at the top of this document. In addition to this Privacy Policy, your use of the Web Site is also subject to our Terms of Service.
This policy will explain:
1. What Information Cooper Collects From You When You Visit Our Web Site And How Cooper Uses That Information
2. Who Else Is Collecting Your Information And In General With Whom They Can Share It
3. Monitoring, Enforcement, and Legal Requests
4. What Cookies Are And How Cooper Uses Them
5. What Kind Of Security Is In Place To Protect Your Personal Information
6. Transfer of User Data Outside the User Jurisdiction
7. Miscellaneous
8. Links to other websites
9. How To Contact Cooper
1. WHAT INFORMATION COOPER COLLECTS FROM YOU WHEN YOU VISIT OUR SITE AND HOW COOPER USES THAT INFORMATION
Cooper does not collect any personally identifiable information from you (e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address) unless you voluntarily choose to disclose such information. One of the basic principles of Cooper is that we ask only for the information we need to provide the service you have requested. We may use this information to let you know of additional products and services about which you may be interested or provide you with an opportunity to be listed in a directory of one of our services. You will be given a choice to "opt out" of being contacted in this way. Cooper's collection of information is explained below:
Personal Information
E-mail Reminders: The Web Site allows you to sign up for e-mail reminders regarding such things as when it is time to change your check your tyre pressure, have your tyres rotated, or for routine tyre maintenance. In order to send you these reminders, you will need to provide us with some of your personal information, including your name and e-mail address and post code, and information about your car, including your car's make, type, year, current brand tyres, last time tyres were rotated and miles driven per month. We will use the information you provide to keep track of your car's tyre rotation needs and send you tyre reminders, as you requested. We may also use the information for various business purposes; however, your personal information will not be sold to third parties, but it may be used as aggregate information to keep track of certain trends.
If you later decide that you no longer wish to receive these e-mail reminders, you may follow the instructions in the last e-mail reminder you received, which will explain how to remove yourself from these e-mailings, or you may e-mail Cooper at cooperinfo@coopertire.com and request that the e-mail reminders terminate. The page of the Web Site where you signed up for the e-mail reminders will also have a place to permit you to unsubscribe for such reminders.
Contact and Questions:
The Web Site allows you to submit questions, comments, or concerns to us. Cooper may ask for your name, street address, phone number, e-mail address, fax number, company name, and your question. This will aid Cooper in responding appropriately to these inquiries. We will use the information to respond to your inquiry and may share it internally to improve our service to you. In addition, we may use the information for various business purposes, including, but not limited to, sharing consumer testimonials about our products with our Cooper dealers and other retailers. However, your information will not be sold to third parties. In addition, when we do use your information, we will not disclose all of your personally identifiable information collected, but instead we will just use your comment or question, your geographic location, and perhaps your name.
Dealer Locator & Tire Selector:
Cooper gives you the ability to locate a Cooper dealer near you or to determine which Cooper tyre is appropriate for your car. Cooper will ask where you live or what car you would like the tyres to fit. The information is used to find a dealer or select a tyre best for your car. Some information may be saved for Cooper to keep track of various demographic information.
Non-Personal Information
Use of IP Addresses: An Internet Protocol ("IP") address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from the Web Site, our servers log the guests' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. Cooper collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and to audit the use of this Web Site. We also use IP addresses to collect statistical information to send to our advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes.
Cookies: Cooper may use "cookies" to collect non-personal information, as more fully described in Section 4 below.
2. WHO ELSE IS COLLECTING YOUR INFORMATION AND WITH WHOM THEY CAN SHARE IT
Cooper is committed to keeping your personal information confidential. We will not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to third parties.
Other Information Collectors: Except as otherwise expressly discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, such as outside links to other sites, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. Since Cooper does not control the privacy policies of third parties, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.
3. MONITORING, ENFORCEMENT, AND LEGAL REQUESTS
Cooper has no obligation to monitor the Web Site or the use thereof or to retain the content of any user session. However, Cooper reserves the right at all times to monitor, review, retain, and/or disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request or to cooperate with law enforcement and other authorities in investigating a claim of illegal activity. Cooper may use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Service or to protect our service, site, customers, or others.
4. WHAT COOKIES ARE AND HOW COOPER MAY USE THEM
What are cookies? Cookies are small text files or pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The cookie assigns you an ID, which allows Cooper to recognize you when you return to this Web Site. This makes Web-surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are at a site. Cookies trace usage patterns through the Web Site. No personal information is collected. We never save passwords in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you will find them at most major web sites. By showing how and when guests use the Web Site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on data such as total number of visitors and pages viewed.
How may Cooper use cookies? We may use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our users' needs. This helps us better understand and improve areas of the Web Site that our users find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to the Web Site always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences.
How can I disable cookies? Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some parts of the Web Site will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies.
Third Party Cookies: You may occasionally get cookies from other parties when you visit the Cooper Web Site. Cooper does not control these cookies. The use of cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry.
5. WHAT KIND OF SECURITY IS IN PLACE TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Cooper cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided by our on-line products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Cooper will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties. However, once we receive your transmission, we do our best to ensure its security on our systems by making reasonable efforts to protect the information.
6. TRANSFER OF USER DATA OUTSIDE THE USER JURISDICTION
In order to operate this website Cooper may need to transfer data received from you (User Data) to locations outside the jurisdiction in which you are viewing this website (the User Jurisdiction) and process User Data outside the User Jurisdiction. If the User Jurisdiction is within the European Economic Area (EEA) please note that such transfers and processing of User Data may be in locations outside the EEA. Any data sent by you may be accessible in other jurisdictions (including outside the EEA). The level of data protection in such jurisdictions may be less than that offered within the User Jurisdiction or within the EEA. By continuing to use this website and by providing any personal data (including sensitive personal data) to Cooper via this website or e-mail addresses provided on the website, you are consenting to such transfers or processing, provided that they are in accordance with the purposes set out above. Please do not send Cooper personal data if you do not consent to the transfer of this information to locations outside the User Jurisdiction (including outside the EEA).
7. MISCELLANEOUS
We may be required to disclose your User Data by a court or to comply with other legal or regulatory requirements. Cooper will use reasonable endeavours to notify you before we do so, unless legally restricted from doing so. You are entitled to a copy of your User Data and to have it rectified or deleted as required by applicable data protection legislation. For more information please email avonmotorsport@coopertire.com . or telephone 44-1225 703101
8. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES
During your visit to this Web Site, you may come across links that will take you to third party web sites. Cooper does not control the content of or the information collected from these third party web sites. These third party web sites are not subject to Cooper's Privacy Policy. Links to third-party sites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Cooper of the content, policies, or practices of such sites. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these web sites before you disclose your personal information to these other parties.
9.HOW TO CONTACT COOPER
Privacy and security is important to us all. We pursue a full-disclosure approach to responsibly care for the information you have entrusted with us, and we depend on information sharing as our principal means to best serve you. This is why we are committed to building a trusting relationship with you. We will continually monitor customer feedback and seek to improve our services to meet your needs. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Web Site, or your dealings with the Web Site, or would like to provide comments, you can send us an e-mail at cooperinfo@coopertire.com or contact us by telephone at (419) 423-1321 or by regular mail to: Cooper Tire & Rubber Company, 701 Lima Avenue,  Findlay, Ohio 45840.
Remember that your use of this Web Site is always subject to our Terms of Service. Please also take a moment to read the Terms of Service so that you are aware of the terms and conditions of our relationship.
Thank you for your cooperation. We hope you find the Web Site helpful and convenient to use!
Copyright © 2000, 2003 Cooper Tire & Rubber Company, All rights reserved.
© Cooper Tire & Rubber Company Europe Limited
