We would like to inform you on this page, which data are generated while using anonymoX, which of them are saved, why we save them and how we protect them against unauthorised access. We differentiate between the usage of this website and the usage of our service anonymoX which is brought to you with the Software/Addon we provide for your browser.
1. Add-On and anonymity network
With the usage of our software your addon gets a random ID. This ID is used to save traffic usage.
While using anonymoX we save your IP-address temporarily to prevent an abuse of our service. The IP is not saved to a permanent memory storage but to a volatile memory. As soon as you turn off or don't use anonymoX anymore, the IP-address is deleted automatically. We don't track your IP-addresses.
Without any reference to you, we count how many users and how much traffic is passing a specific proxy and a statistic about the usage of our service is generated, for example about the popularity of websites. This enables us to optimize the speed and workload of our service.
Logs are not saved
The proxy-generated logfiles, which are used to extract the mentioned data, will be saved for less than 5 minuts in a volatile memory. They are not saved to a permanent memory storage.
If you explicity accepted that we collect anonymized usage statistics in the anonymoX software, we will track for example through which icon you opened the settings and which proxy are used for which websites. This data is generated and saved without any reference to you, too.
Information about program errors will be sent automatically, so we can figure out and fix the problems. This includes proxy selfcheck problems.
If you use the free service of anonymoX, advertising partners may set cookies in your browser.
If you explicitly opt-in to our usage data collection, the following data will be collected: Usage data collection
2. Opening this website
While opening this website, logfiles are generated on our webservers which contain datas about your IP-address, the opened page, a timestamp, the name of your browser and more information send by your browser. These datas are deleted automatically no later than 2 weeks.
3. Right of withdrawal and disclosure
You obtain disclosure about your datas, which we save, at any time and without reason. You can block, amend or delete them at any time. As well you can withdraw the granted consent for data collection and usage at any time and without reason. Please address therefore
4. Cookies
Our websites use so-called cookies. Cookies don't cause harm to your computer and neither do they contain viruses. We use cookies to make our websites more user-friendly and effective. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
These cookies allow us to recognize your browser next time you visit and maintain your language setting.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the use of cookies and only enable cookies for individual cases. You could further activate the acceptance of cookies for specific sites or disallow them altogether. You can also setup your browser to automatic delete cookies upon being closed.
5. Privacy Statement for the use of Piwik
This website uses the open source web analytics tool Piwik. Piwik uses "Cookies". These are text files that are stored on your computer and enable analysis of your use of the website. For this purpose information generated about your use of the site is stored on our server. Your IP address gets anonymized, before any data is saved.
The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will not be disclosed to third parties. You may refuse the use of cookies by using the appropriate setting in your browser.
If you do not agree to the storage and use of your data, you have the option to disable it below. In this case, an opt-out cookie is deposited, preventing Piwik from storing user data in your browser. If you delete all the cookies in your browser, this opt-out cookie gets deleted as well, requiring you to opt-out again.
Managing Directors: Nils Hügelmann, Christian OttoDistrict Court: Amtsgericht Iserlohn
Commercial Register #: HRB 8005VAT ID number: DE294473482
© 2018 anonymoX GmbH
