Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
 
SCOPE
 
How We Obtain Information
We collect several types of information from and about our Visitors.
Information you provide to us
When filling out forms on our Website we collect personal information, including without limitation, name, mailing address, email address, and telephone number.
When you request further information or services from us.
When you enter a contest or promotion, we sponsor.
When you report a problem with our Website.
When you contact us.
When you complete our surveys.
Other information you may submit to us related to your use of our Website.
Information from third parties
i-Sprint may collect and use the information we receive from third parties in connection with your use of the Website.  For instance, i-Sprint uses a third party for reporting and analytics to measure the effectiveness of our Website and marketing efforts and to identify areas for improvement.
Information we collect as you navigate through the Website
 
Cookies and Other Forms of Automated Collection
We use “cookies” to help us improve our Website.  A cookie is a small file stored on the hard drive of your computer.  We may use cookies to obtain information about your general Internet usage and to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
Track when you respond to surveys.
i-Sprint’s third parties may use JavaScript to collect IP addresses from our Visitors, and our hosting provider may also collect server logs.  Information gathered through these automated means may be associated with the personal information you previously submitted on our Website.
 
How We Use Information Collected
We may use information that we collect about Visitors for the following purposes:
To present our Website and their contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and for your computer/ mobile device.
To diagnose and resolve technical problems with our Website.
To improve our Website.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from
To notify you about changes to our Website or obtain any required consent.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website, when you choose to do so.
For industry analysis, benchmarking, analytics, marketing, and other business purposes.
To track your browsing behavior, such as the pages you visited over time.
 
How We Share Information Collected
We may disclose personal information that you provide to us via this Website, to the following third parties:
Our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contractors, business partners and service providers we use to support our business or who provide services on our behalf.
In the event of merger, acquisition, or any form of sale or transfer of some or all of our assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation), in which case personal information held by us about our Visitors will be among the assets transferred to the buyer or acquirer.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties to:
Comply with any court order or other legal obligation.
Protect the rights, property, or safety of i-Sprint or others.
 
International Transfer of Data
 
Communication Preferences and Choices
 
Do Not Track
 
Choice
 
Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
 
How We Obtain Information
As described below, we collect several types of information from about our Customers, including:
General information, including a Customer’s company name and address, and the Customer’s representative’s contact information (“General Information”) for billing and contracting purposes.
Information and correspondence you submit to us in connection with our Service.
Information we receive from our business partners in connection with your use of the Service or in connection with services provided by our business partners on your behalf, including configuration of the Subscription Service.
Quantitative data derived from your use of the Subscription Service, for example, and without limitation, the number of active roles within a Customer’s instance. All data collected, used, and disclosed will be in aggregate form only and will not identify Customer or its users.
Server logs in support of the Subscription Service.
 
When you use the Subscription Service, we use cookies to:
Track session state in the Subscription Service.
Authenticate your access to the Subscription Service.
Recognize you when you return to the Subscription Service.
 
How We Share Information Collected
We may disclose personal information that you provide to our Service, to the following third parties:
Our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contractors, business partners and service providers we use to support our Service and business partners who provide services on your behalf.
In the event of merger, acquisition, or any form of sale or transfer of some or all of our assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation), in which case personal information held by us about our Customers will be among the assets transferred to the buyer or acquirer.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties to:
Comply with any court order or other legal obligation.
Enforce or apply the terms of the definitive agreement between Customer and i-Sprint pursuant to which the Customer purchased access to the Subscription Service (the “Customer Agreement”).
Protect the rights, property, or safety of i-Sprint, our Customers, or others.
 
Customer Data
 
Communication Preferences and Choices and Accessing and Correcting Your Personal Information
Since each Customer is in control of what information, including any personal information, it collects from its users, how that information is used and disclosed, and how that information can be changed, users of the Subscription Service must contact the applicable Customer administrator with any inquiries about how the Customer uses and discloses personal information and how to access or correct personal information contained in Customer Data.
 
 
Third Party Websites and Applications
This Website may link to websites that are not owned or controlled by i-Sprint.  As such, this Policy does not apply to information collected on any third-party site or by any third-party application that may link to or be accessible from the Website. In addition, Customers and other third parties may develop applications or provide services to you or other third parties using our Service.
 
Amendments to Our Privacy Policy
 
Contact Information
For any inquiry on this Policy and our practices or if you need to update or remove your information, kindly contact us at dpo@i-sprint.com .
or
#08-01 Viva Business Park
All other feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other communications relating to the Website should be directed to marketing@i-sprint.com .
Last Revised Date: 24 November 2016
Solutions
Previous
Next
