Privacy Policy - US
UNiDAYS Inc. is committed to preserving the privacy of all visitors and users of myunidays.com (this “Site”). Please read the following privacy policy to understand how we use and protect the information that you provide to us.
By registering to any service offered by this Site, you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information under the terms of this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Site and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Site.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Site.
Through mobile and desktop applications you download from this Site or from various app stores, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this Site.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Site. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children under the age of 13
Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at help@myunidays.com .
Information that we collect from you
When you visit, register or view information about products or services on myunidays.com you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, educational status, institution name and your current e-mail address. We may also collect information about your usage of our Site as well as information about you from messages you post to the Site and e-mails or letters you send to us.
When you first register on the Site your e-mail address and myunidays.com password will be retrieved, encrypted and then stored in our secure database. This password will never be disclosed to any person. By agreeing to the myunidays.com Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy you give permission for this data to be stored in a secure environment for this purpose.
Information we collect through cookies
As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Site, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Site.
Information about your computer and Internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
We store information about you using cookies (files which are sent by us to your computer or other access device) which we can access when you visit our Site in future. We do this to distinguish you from other users of our Site and it is essential for you to use our Site fully.  By continuing to browse the Site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies: these are cookies that are required for the operation of our Site. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Site, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services. They are also used to recognize you when you return to our Site. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Analytical/performance cookies: they allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Site and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our Site.
Use of your information
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to specific parts of our Site and to operate the myunidays.com service for you. We will also use and analyze the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.    In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the Site or our services.
Further, we might also use your information to let you know about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, you can opt-out by contacting us directly or changing your preferences through your account settings.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Disclosure of your information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our parents, subsidiaries and affiliates.
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our business.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you give us an e-mail address to use the “e-mail a friend” feature of our Site, we will transmit the contents of that e-mail and your e-mail address to the recipients.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
To enforce or apply our terms of service terms of service and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of UNiDAYS Inc., our customers or others.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by changing your account settings or emailing us at help@myunidays.com .
Our Site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Security and data retention
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorized persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.  We will retain your information for a reasonable period or as long as the law requires.
Accessing and updating
You are entitled to see the information held about you and you may ask us to make any necessary changes to ensure that it is accurate and kept up to date. If you wish to do this, please contact us at help@myunidays.com .
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to help@myunidays.com .
Changes to our Privacy Policy
Any changes to our privacy policy in the future will be posted to the Site and, where appropriate, through e-mail notification.  You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting our Site and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Contact
All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information are welcomed and should be addressed in the first instance by e-mail to help@myunidays.com .
GÉANT Data Protection Code of Conduct (CoCo)
Name of the service
Description of the service
UNiDAYS is the world’s leading Student Affinity Network, connecting a global student audience with relevant brands and services.
Data controller and a contact person
MyUnidays Limited of 2 Castle Boulevard, Nottingham, NG7 1FB is the data controller, and can be contacted directly by post to the address above, or by e-mail to help@myunidays.com
Jurisdiction
your unique user identifier (SAML persistent identifier, ePPN or ePTID)
your role in your Home Organisation (eduPersonAffiliation, eduPersonPrimaryAffiliation or eduPersonScopedAffiliation)
The following data is gathered from yourself:
When you visit, register or view information about products or services on myunidays.com you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself including your name, educational status, institution name and your current email address.
In addition, we may also collect information about your usage of our website as well as information about you from messages you post to the website and e-mails or letters you send to us.
Purpose of the processing of personal data
Your information will enable us to provide you with access to specific parts of our site and to operate the myunidays.com service for you. We will also use and analyse the information we collect so that we can administer, support, improve and develop our business.
In particular, we may use your information to contact you for your views on our services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to the site or our services.
Further, we might also use your information to let you know about other products and services which we offer which may be of interest to you. If you change your mind about being contacted in the future, you can opt-out by contacting us directly or changing your preferences through your account settings.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We will also retain certain information for the purposes of avoiding fraud.
Third parties to whom personal data is disclosed
Personal data is not disclosed to any of our partners and is only shared in an anonymised and aggregated format. We may share your personal data with our third party service providers for the purposes of providing our services to you, in particular, contacting you about our services and products. Finally, we may disclose your information to any business which is seeking to acquire, merge with or engage in a joint venture with us. Confirmation of whether you have an account with us by the e-mail address you register or verify with, will be publically available.
How to access, rectify and delete the personal data
In order to request access or rectification or, where such data can be deleted by law, to request deletion please contact us using the contact details set out above. Please be aware that where information is retained pursuant to a legitimate aim, e.g. fraud prevention, we are not obliged to delete this data.
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by changing your account settings.
Data retention
We employ security measures to protect your information from access by unauthorised persons and against unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction and damage. Your data shall be retained during the period for which your account is active. When you unsubscribe, all data which we do not require for fraud prevention purposes shall be deleted.
Data Protection Code of Conduct
Your data will be protected in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and, once implemented, the General Data Protection Regulation.
Your personal data will be protected according to the Code of Conduct for Service Providers , a common standard for the research and higher education sector to protect your privacy.
Privacy statement dated 14th June 2017.
No connection
You do not have a working internet connection. Check your settings and try again.
Close
