We offer only quality services
States Covered We have expanded our services throughout the country.  Click here to see if your state has current laws in place.
The Law Specific legislation has been signed into law describing what can be done within the law, click here to read the laws.
Who's Covered Specific language has been drafted describing who is covered under the law, click here to learn more.
Associations Special group discounts to associations looking to have opt out services for a larger number of people. Learn more here.
Databases We track and compile a list of databases who are actively posting personal information online.
Shipping All orders have the option to include shipping.  This helps streamline your removal request and reduce your workload.
Tracking With a PrivacyForever account, you can login and view your order and account status. You can also submit a new request.
Follow-Up We use a state of the art ticketing system for all follow up requests and we track the request on your account.
Who We Are
The Number 1 trusted site for police privacy and online safety for public officials and law enforcement officers.  We have successfully removed online personal information for thousands of officers and their families. We continue to protect all sworn law enforcement officers and public officials—one family at a time!
The Public Safety Assistance Foundation ("PSAF") is an IRS recognized California Non-Profit 501(c)(3)       organization. Through our subsidiary, PolicePrivacy.com, our mission is to assist all law enforcement       officers, public officials, and their families in facilitating, executing, and monitoring the complete       removal (also referred to as "opting-out") of their personal information from websites and information       databases, which sell and/or publicly post your confidential information.
Until recently, our services were exclusively for California law enforcement officers and public       officials. Due to the support by our affiliates and several police officer associations ("POA's"), we are       actively expanding and now providing services outside of California.
We Are Law Enforcement
As a law-enforcement directed company based in Southern California, we understand the necessity to keep your       information private. You are protected on the job, so why not be protected in cyberspace and at home! There       have been numerous documented instances of criminals obtaining the name and home address of police officers       using information resources readily available on the Internet. Sadly, some instances have involved in harm       or intimidation to police officers and their families.
Utilizing the authority enacted inside the specific states government code, PolicePrivacy.com is now       providing opt-out services and protecting the following states:
States Protecting Officers
California
Colorado
Idaho
Texas
Florida
PSAF is continually searching and analyzing government legal code throughout each state. Further, our executive team and Board of Directors are constantly working with State and Federal agencies to adopt laws to protect the personal information of active and retired law enforcement officers and public officials. Our personalized Privacy Letter Package is INSTANTLY emailed to your personal email address. These customized and ready to mail letters demand the removal of you and your family's personal information from publically accessible information databases. As an added option we can even mail your opt-out letters directly to information databases within three (3) business days! Your privacy is our PRIMARY concern. Our website uses industry standard encryption, security, and anti-hacker certification.
The response was immediate, I checked a couple of the big players and within a few days and I was no where to be found. It was to easy..thanks
- A satisfied client
I appreciate this service you have offered to me to help keep myself and my family safer. A lot of Police Officers don't know how easily anybody could get personal information about them and their families off the internet. This service is extremely valuable, and setting it up was quick and painless
- A Satisfied Client
Thank you for your great service. I feel that our family is definitely safer now. Also, your website is so easy to use and getting the protection was quick and painless. Thank you again!!
- A Satisfied Client
November 28, 2017
November 3, 2017
Join Our Cause
Email List
As we continue to fight for more strict legislation to protect our personal information, we need your support. Please join our email list to receive updates on key events, new legislation, and details on our quest to build an alliance with the FTC:
We encourage you to join our email list as we continue to contact state officials and the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) to fight for justice and fair practices in regards to your personal information being displayed and available online, in addition to the fact that you have little or no control of your information. At any time, you can also view the FTC website at www.ftc.gov, and click on the "complaint" box at the upper right side of the page to directly express your concerns
NOW AVAILABLE
PrivacyForever
PrivacyForever is a service PSAF is now offering for a nominal $35.00 yearly fee. Once an officer and his/her family have purchased the PrivacyForever status, we will actively monitor all new websites and companies that come to the market and will submit an opt-out request on behalf of the officer. This fee allows all officers and their families the peace of mind knowing that your information is being removed from new databases we see appear each year.
1.866.418.0049
Name
Email
Phone
Message
