Shopping  with Team Express just got easier!
When you’re ready to check out, just use your Amazon  account!  
Safe and speedy checkout.
Eliminate the hassle of multiple accounts.
Use the information stored in your  Amazon account.  No digging for your credit card or re-typing your  address.
Always protected.
Your financial information is not  shared, and you’re covered by the same buyer protection plan available on  Amazon.com.
Ready to shop?
*Enter Code JGBBSAM3 at Checkout to receive FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON YOUR ORDER OF $99 OR MORE Free Standard Shipping for in-stock items, 10 lbs. or less is available for a limited time with your online purchase of $99 or more (pre-tax and pre-shipping). See restrictions on             product page. Does not apply to prior purchases or open orders and cannot be combined             with any other offer. May not be used towards purchase of gift cards, gift certificates,             pitching machines, balls, drop-ship items, team orders or select items. Promotion may be             modified or terminated at any time. May not be redeemed for cash.              Order must be shipped within the Continental U.S. and             excludes APO/FPO addresses. Valid for online purchases only. Entire order must be             shipped to a single address.              Certain restrictions may apply. Orders shipped outside the contiguous 48 states are not             eligible for free returns program. BACKORDERS: When an item is on backorder, we will ship the item to you             via our standard ground shipping as soon as it becomes available. You are never charged for a             back-ordered item until it is shipped, and you may cancel an item on backorder at any             time. The are no additional shipping charges for backorders.
OUR 30 DAY FREE* RETURN POLICY
Baseball Express purchases may be returned FREE* within 30 days! It’s as easy as 1, 2, 3:
Visit UPS.com and enter your UPS Package Tracking number in the “TRACK” search         window.
Select “Return This Package” and click “Submit”.
Select “Print Label” or “Send Barcode to Mobile phone” to use at a nearby UPS Store.
Baseball Express return address: 5305 Distribution, San Antonio, TX  78218-5520
*Note:  If you are not satisfied with your purchase, simply return the item within 30 days of receipt.  The returned item(s) must be in their original (new) condition, including all tags, packing and accessories.   Please fill out, detach and include the slip below with your return. You will receive a credit via the original payment method.   To be eligible, your original item must have been shipped via UPS Standard Package Shipment.  We do not accept returns on customized items, steamed gloves, gift cards or products not purchased from us and sent to our  returns department in error. If you have questions or need assistance, please do not hesitate to call us toll-free at 800.937.4824.
Same Day Shipping Details
 
2nd Day & Next Day: Order by  3:00 PM CST
Same day shipping applies to  business days. Order must be shipped within the Continental US and excludes  APO/FPO addresses. Entire order must be shipped to a single address. See  shipping information. Certain restrictions may apply.
BACKORDERS: When an item is on  backorder, we will ship the item to you via our standard ground shipping as  soon as it becomes available. You are never charged for a back-ordered item  until it is shipped, and you may cancel an item on backorder at any time. The  are no additional shipping charges for backorders.
Enter your email for special offers and savings.
Baseball Express takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.
What this Privacy Policy Covers
This privacy policy covers Baseball Express's treatment of personally identifiable information you submit to us when you enter into our web site and when you use Baseball Express services. Be assured that your registration information is handled confidentially and privately and we will protect this information. Please note, however, that we may share your information with governmental agencies or other organizations assisting us in fraud prevention and investigation, and in instances where Baseball Express's rights are threatened. We may do so when: (1) required by law; (2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; (3) investigating fraud that has already taken place; or (4) protecting the rights of Baseball Express. In addition, in the event of a merger or acquisition of Baseball Express, the sale of substantially all of its assets related to the operation of this site, or other change of corporate control, information collected through this site may be transferred to or controlled by the surviving or successor entity.
We may use information concerning you, including personal information you provide to us, in order to contact you with offers and news concerning our products and services or those of our affiliated companies that we believe may be of interest to you. We also may share such information with our affiliated companies for use by them in order to contact you concerning offers and news that they believe may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of an email marketing list, if you so desire, by using the opt-out functionality and/or information found on any given marketing email, and you will be then be removed from that list in a relatively short period of time.
We use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you. Some of these companies are given access to some, or all, of the information you provide to us and may use cookies on our behalf. These companies are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner, other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by our Web site.
Information we store on your computer
In order to customize Baseball Express to your needs and offer you personalized services, we use "cookies". A cookie is a small piece of data that most browsers accept and store on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies solely to let us know when you are visiting our site and to remember your past visits. Browsers are designed so that we cannot look at other sites' cookies and they cannot look at ours. If you configure your browser to not accept cookies, you can still visit Baseballexpress.com and place orders online, but some of our helpful site enhancements may not work for you.
Web Site Security
All orders submitted through BaseballExpress.com are encrypted using the latest 256 bit SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology. This protection means it may actually be safer for you to use your credit card over the Internet rather than using it in a store. When your browser is in secure mode, you should see an unbroken key or padlock icon near the bottom of your browser window.
Children's Information
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at Customer Service. We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Baseball Express may amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material change to this privacy statement we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our home page; however, any personal information we receive will be treated in accordance with the privacy statement that is in effect a the time we receive such personal information. We encourage you to review this policy whenever you visit the site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.
All Baseball Express  orders are processed by Team Express All credit card purchases will show Team Express as the merchant on credit card billing statements. All order process customer service issues will be conducted by Team Express Customer Service Agents.
What you can do
If you feel that this site is not following its stated privacy policy please contact us immediately.
Further information about your privacy rights
Electronic Frontier Foundation - a civil liberties organization working to protect your rights online.
Electronic Privacy Information Center - established to focus public attention on emerging civil liberties issues relating to the National Information Infrastructure.
Privacy Issues Page - from the Center for Democracy and Technology (CDT).
Family of Brands
Copyright © 2018 Concourse Team Express. All rights reserved.                 800.937.4824 (toll-free) 7a – 7p M-F; 8a – 4p Sa
