POWERA PRIVACY POLICY
This website (“Site”) is owned and operated by Bensussen Deutsch & Associates, L.L.C. (“BDA”, “BDA L.L.C.” “we”, “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy has been compiled to better serve those who are interested about how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used on this Site and by us. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your PII in accordance with our Site.
What PII do we collect from the people that visit our Site?You may voluntarily provide information which may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information etc., which will be used when you purchase products and/or services and to deliver the services you have requested.
When do we collect PII?We collect information from you when you login and/or enter order information on our site, through cookies and Site tracking tools.
How do we use your PII?BDA may need to share specific data with trusted partners in an effort to conduct statistical analysis, provide you with email and or postal mail, deliver support and/or arrange for deliveries to be made. Those third parties shall be strictly prohibited from making use of your PII, other than to deliver those services which you requested, and as such they are thus required, in accordance with this agreement and our Terms of Use Policy, to maintain the strictest of confidentiality with regards to all your PII.
BDA may deem it is necessary to follow website pages that our users may frequent in an effort to determine what types of products may be the most popular to the customers or general public.
BDA may disclose your PII, without prior notice to you, only if required to do so in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or is required in an effort to:
Remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon BDA and/or our Site.
Maintain, safeguard and/or preserve all rights and property of BDA; and
Perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of the Site and/or the general public.
This Site shall only collect PII that you knowingly and willingly provide and tracking information via cookies and/or Site tracking tools. It is the intent of this Site to use personal information only for the purpose for which is was requested and any additional uses specifically provided on this Site or described in this Privacy Policy.
We may also gather information about the type of browser you are using, IP address or type of operating system to assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
Security:We shall endeavor and shall take reasonable precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to our offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of your PII under our control.
We also uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) for authentication and private communications in an effort to maintain your confidence by providing simple and secure access and communication of credit card and personal information.
Cookies:Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current Site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about Site traffic and Site interaction so that we can offer better Site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies (off), you will not be able to complete online purchases. You may purchase over the telephone by contacting customer service.
We use third party cookies (such as DoubleClick) to run Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. These cookies gather website visitor data (such as age, gender, and interests) to optimize website content and marketing and do not collect any personally identifiable information.
 
Third Party Disclosure
Do we disclose the information we collect to Third Parties?We may disclose aggregated sales, demographic and geographical information to PowerA in order to: (i) make improvements to our Site, products and services; or (ii) look at Site trends and customer interests. This data is subject to PowerA’s Privacy and Security Statement We engage in this practice because:
We are licensed by PowerA to manufacture, sell, market and distribute the products made available on this Site as a service to its associates and customers.
Third party linksWe do not include or offer third party products or services on our Site.
GoogleWe have not enabled Google AdSense on our Site but we may do so in the future.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
According to CalOPPA we agree to the following:Users can visit our Site anonymously. The link to the Privacy Policy is posted on the home page and every page on the Site. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word ‘Privacy’, and can be easily be found on our home page Users are able to change their personal information by logging in to their account and updating their account.
How does our Site handle do not track signals?BDA does not offer specific support for the do-not-track setting in modern browsers
Does our Site allow third party behavioral tracking?We do not allow third party behavioral tracking on this Site.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under 13.
Unsubscribe or Opt-OutAll users and/or visitors to our Site have the option to discontinue receiving marketing communications from us. To discontinue or unsubscribe to our marketing communications, simply update your email preferences located in your Account information on our Site or you can select to unsubscribe on the marketing communication and it will remove you from future marketing communications. Specific transactional communications, such as those around shipments (order and/or shipment confirmations) for orders placed online, cannot be discontinued.
Acceptance of Terms:Through the use of this Site, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within this Privacy Policy. If you are not in agreement with the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy, then you should refrain from further use of our Site. In addition, your continued use of our Site following the posting of any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy you may contact us using the information below.
BDA L.L.C.
Email
Level Up
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Let’s be friends
     
 
 
Copyright 2018 Bensussen Deutsch & Associates, LLC. All rights reserved. Use of this site is subject to the BDA Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .
This site is operated by BDA, LLC. All logos, trademarks and brands are property of their respective owners.
Copyright © 2018 PowerA. All rights reserved
×
