Dated: April 30, 2018
This Privacy Policy discloses the information practices of Whitepages, Inc. (Whitepages,” “we,” or “us”) relating to the Whitepages Pro Web site (the “Pro Web Site”) and Whitepages Pro API services (the “Pro API”) and any features and online services provided by Whitepages that post or include a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Services”). It covers how Whitepages collects, uses, shares, secures, retains, and disposes of the information that users of the Services provide to us.
User Consent: By submitting or making available information to Whitepages, including personal information, through our Services or related services, users expressly consent to the collection, use, disclosure, and retention of that information as described herein.
1. SCOPE OF PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the use of the Services by our customers (each, a “Customer’). In addition to the Privacy Policy, the use of the Services is governed either by Whitepages’s Terms of Service or a definitive written agreement to use the Services (a “Written Agreement”), as applicable. To the extent that any provision of a Written Agreement directly conflicts with this Privacy Policy, the provision of the Written Agreement shall govern.
The Privacy Policy does not apply to Whitepages’s services that Customers may use, incorporate, or link to in their own products and services; to www.whitepages.com or premium.whitepages.com (or any similar consumer-focused Web sites owned or controlled by Whitepages); or to companies that Whitepages does not own or control.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTED
Whitepages collects information in the form of queries submitted to the Services by Customers (“Query Information”). Whitepages also collects usernames, passwords, and information when Customers correspond with us by phone/email or request support for the Services (“Account Information”). If Customers do not provide certain Account Information, such as usernames and passwords, they may not be able to use the Services or take advantages of certain features of the Services. When purchasing the Services, Whitepages may also require Customers to provide billing information, such as billing name and address, ACH or credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services (“Billing Information”). The Query Information, Account Information and Billing Information we collect may include “personally identifiable information,” which is information about an identified or identifiable individual (“Personally Identifiable Information”), such as first and last name, telephone number, email address, physical address, and IP address of Customers’ employees and customers.
As a Customer uses the Pro Web Site, Whitepages also collects information through using commonly-used information-gathering tools and services, such as cookies, Web beacons, and embedded scripts (“Usage Information”). Usage Information includes, but is not limited to, standard information from a Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), an Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device identifier numbers, and the actions a Customer takes on the Pro Web Site (such how a Customer interacts with the Web pages and the links clicked).
Query Information, Account Information, Billing Information and Usage Information are sometimes collectively referred to as “Data.”
3. USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Whitepages uses a Customer’s Query Information to provide the Services, and may store that information in logs hosted by Whitepages and other third parties. Whitepages uses Query Information for billing purposes and to provide customer support. Whitepages also analyzes Query Information to aid in identity verification, to improve the fraud detection features of the Service, and to corroborate data to improve the Service. Whitepages keeps Query Information for up to three years.
Whitepages uses Account Information about Customers and potential Customers to perform the services requested by such Customers. For example, Whitepages may contact Customers to confirm a purchase, respond to a request, or notify Customers of changes to their account or to the Services. Whitepages may also use Account Information from Customers and potential Customers for marketing purposes. For example, Whitepages may use Account Information to contact Customers to gauge interest in new features of the Services or to provide details about promotions and events. Whitepages keeps Account Information indefinitely.
Whitepages uses Billing Information solely to collect payment from Customers. Whitepages keeps Billing Information indefinitely.
Whitepages collects and uses Usage Information for a variety of Web site administration and customization purposes. For example, Whitepages may use Usage Information to measure a Service’s traffic, to measure user interests and traffic patterns, and to improve the Services. Whitepages keeps Usage Information indefinitely.
Whitepages’s analysis of Query Information may produce derived information (“Metadata”) that does not identify a Customer, such as the number of times an address has been submitted in a Query of the Services (also known as “velocity”), or the date an email address was first seen by the Service. Whitepages does not treat Metadata as Data hereunder, except if applicable law requires us to do otherwise. Whitepages keeps Metadata indefinitely, and may use it for any legitimate business purpose.
4. USAGE INFORMATION
Cookies
The Pro Web Site uses “cookies” and similar technologies. A cookie is a file stored on your device that may be used to identify an individual as a unique user by storing certain personal preferences and user data. Whitepages uses cookies and other technologies to identify your device, identify authorized users of the Pro Web Site and portal, and track affiliate referrals.
Web Beacons
Whitepages may also use web beacons, small graphic images, or other web programming code which may be included in our Web pages and e-mail messages. Whitepages may use Web beacons (or similar technologies) to count visitors to the Pro Web Site, and to monitor how users navigate the Pro Web Site, among other legitimate business purposes.
Log files, IP addresses, URLs, embedded scripts, and similar data
Whitepages gathers certain information automatically to administer the Services and analyze trends in the aggregate. This information may include IP addresses (or the proxy server a Customer uses to access the Services), device and application identifiers, browser type, Internet service provider, the pages and files viewed, searches conducted, operating system and system configuration information, and date/time stamps associated with usage. Also, Whitepages automatically receives the URL of the Web site from which a Customer came (if a Customer follows a link to the Pro Web Site). This information is used to analyze overall trends, and to provide and improve the Services. For example, Whitepages collects IP addresses from Customers when they log into the Services as part of security features to confirm identity or detect compromised accounts. Whitepages may also use embedded scripts, which are programming code designed to collect information about an interaction with a Web site, such as the links clicked on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto a device from our Web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Web site containing the embedded script, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Do Not Track
Browser settings may allow users to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to Web sites and online services, but there is no consensus on how “Do Not Track” should be interpreted. Whitepages currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a Customer’s browser.
5. SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Service Providers
Whitepages may provide Data to third party service providers to deliver the Services to you as well as for purposes related to the Services’ administration and operation, including conducting analytics. When sharing information to provide services requested by Customers, we will share Personally Identifiable Information only as necessary for the third party working on Whitepages’s behalf to complete its work, and in compliance with contractual confidentiality and security measures. For example, Whitepages may transmit Query Information to a cloud service provider that hosts Whitepages query logs or may provide Billing Information to a credit card processing company to complete a Customer’s transaction.
Third-Party Business Partners
Whitepages occasionally partners with a variety of businesses to market or sell products or services (“Partners”). We may disclose Account Information (including email addresses, but not including other user names and passwords) to our Partners for these purposes. Some of our Partners may co-sponsor events and other offerings with Whitepages. Whitepages may share Account Information that Customers provide when they sign up for events or other offerings with these Partners so they can send marketing communications and other information of interest.
Compelled Disclosure
Whitepages reserves the right to use or disclose any information provided to us if required by law; if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect Whitepages’s rights or property; to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process; to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Services; or to respond to emergencies, such as when Whitepages believes someone’s physical safety is at risk.
Acquirers of Business
In the event that Whitepages is involved in a sale of some or all of our assets, or we are acquired by another company, the Data and any Personally Identifiable Information we collect may be among the assets reviewed and transferred.
With Consent
Whitepages does not collect, use, or share Data for reasons beyond those described in this Privacy Policy without a Customer’s explicit consent.
6. LOCATION OF COLLECTED INFORMATION STORED BY WHITEPAGES; DISPOSAL
Data submitted to Whitepages and the Services are hosted and stored in a secure environment provided by Amazon Web Services (“AWS”). The AWS physical architecture that hosts Whitepages is in the United States. By submitting or making available Data, Customers agree to its transfer, storage, or processing in the United States.
On or before the time that Data has reached the retention limits described in Section 4, Whitepages takes all commercially reasonable efforts to securely dispose of the Data in accordance with its information security policies and procedures. Please note that in all cases, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
Whitepages stores all Data in the United States, but to facilitate its global business, Whitepages may access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which the Company has operations. This Privacy Policy shall apply even if Whitepages transfers Data to other countries.
8. EUROPEAN PRIVACY RIGHTS
Whitepages permits European Union, European Economic Area, and Switzerland (together, the “EU”) data subjects: (a) to confirm whether Whitepages processes their personal data, and to obtain copies thereof; and (b) the option of opting-out of (i) the disclosure of their personal information to third parties or categories of third parties, or (ii) the use of their personal information for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. Individuals residing in the EU wishing to make an opt-out request, or Customers who have received a request from an EU data subject and previously have provided Whitepages with the data subject’s personal information, should contact Whitepages directly using the information at Section 12, below, so Whitepages may consider and respond to the request.
9. SECURITY
Whitepages implements reasonable security measures to secure Data. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. Whitepages cannot guarantee the security of the Services’ servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information that Customers supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. Customers should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to passwords and API keys.
10. CHILDRENS’ DATA POLICY
The Services are not intended for use by children under the age of eighteen years old. Whitepages does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of eighteen.
11. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
Whitepages may occasionally update this Privacy Policy in response to changing business circumstances and legal developments. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how Whitepages uses Personally Identifiable Information, we will post such changes prior to implementing the change. Whitepages encourage periodic review of this Privacy Policy to remain informed of how Whitepages collects and uses Data.
12. CONTACT FOR OPTING OUT, DATA ACCESS, AND DISPUTES
If Customers have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, please contact legal@whitepages.com . If a Customer has an identified and authenticated EU data subject that wishes to exercise an individual opt-out or data access right, Customer should contact Whitepages’s Chief Privacy Officer at the address provided in its Written Agreement, if applicable, or should email euprivacy@whitepages.com . Individual EU data subjects may, subject to providing additional information to validate their identity, exercise their rights by emailing euprivacy@whitepages.com.
