Cycle Gear is committed to your privacy and the protection of your personal data. This Privacy Statement describes the steps we take to secure your data and our practices as required by data protection laws. It applies where Cycle Gear is controlling the purposes and means of processing your personal data.
This Privacy Statement outlines how we collect, share, transfer, retain and protect your personal data and the rights you can exercise regarding your information. If you provide us with your personal data we treat your information according to this Privacy Statement.
The following describes the general categories of personal data that we may process, the purposes for which we may process the data, and the legal bases of the processing.
We may collect and process information related to orders you place with us. These orders include purchases of goods that you make through our site. The order data may include your contact details (name, postal address, email address, or phone number), and the order details. The data may be processed for the purpose of delivering the purchased goods and proper record keeping of orders. The legal basis for this processing is for the performance of a contract between you and us for any order you placed with us and for our interests in the proper administration of our website and business.
We may collect and process data related to your account and profile. The account and profile data may include personal data including name, postal address, and email address as well as payment details. This data may be processed for the purposes of operating our website, providing our services, and communicating with you. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may collect and process information contained in any inquiry you submit to us regarding goods we sell on the site. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
We may collect and process data about your use of our site. This usage data may include your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your service use. The source of the usage data may be Cookies, analytics tracking systems or other technologies. This data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing your use of our site. The legal basis for this processing is consent. See below for further details on “Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies.”
We may collect and process data about you to ensure security of your Personal Data and our IT systems. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the safe and secure administration of our site, use and storage of business information, and communications with users.
We may collect and process information that you provide to us for the purpose of providing you with additional information on our goods and services, subscribing to our email notifications, and/or newsletters to keep you up-to-date on our products, events and news. The legal basis for this processing is your explicit consent, or your implicit consent if you are a customer.
We may collect and process correspondence data contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us. This correspondence data may include the communication content and metadata associated with the communication. Our site will generate the metadata associated with communications made using the specific site contact forms. This data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and for record-keeping. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the proper administration of our sites and business and communications with our users and customers.
We may collect and process your Personal Data where necessary for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative or out-of-court procedure, an investigation, or other legal matter. The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legal rights and the legal rights of others.
Where the processing of your Personal Data is based on your consent only, you have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.
Cycle Gear receives information about you or your devices from the following sources:
Cycle Gear, our service providers, and other third parties may collect the following information about you through automated means (such as Cookies):
Collecting information through automated means allows us to collect statistics about the usage and effectiveness of our Sites, personalize your experience on our Sites, and tailor our interactions with you. For details regarding the technologies we employ see the section below regarding Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies.
From other third parties, including, advertisers, data partners, marketing partners and publicly available sources such as social networks.
When you, or someone on your behalf, provides information to us to:
Establish or maintain an account;
Make a purchase or receive a service;
Apply for employment at Cycle Gear;
Post comments to online communities;
Participate in a survey, marketing promotion, sweepstakes or contest; or
Connect with us via social media.
Through the use of automated means such as Cookies and similar technologies, and;
IP address;
Browser type and language, access time, and referring website address;
The pages you view within our Sites and other actions you take while visiting us;
We may collect information related to whether you've opened an e-mail or clicked on a link contained in an e-mail;
If you are referred to our Sites from another source (an advertising site, a blog, a social media site, etc.), we may collect data about you. Also, we may provide a referring source with appropriate data (such as the amount of a purchase) to compute referral fees or other similar purposes;
We may conduct surveys and promotions that collect your information. Our surveys and promotions are voluntary and any information you provide may be collected, used, shared, disclosed, stored, transferred, and processed in accordance with this policy. Your participation in our surveys and promotions, and your submission of information, serves as your consent to these practices;
Some features of our sites allow users to make data public or engage in other sharing. If you post content or otherwise participate in discussion forums or other social areas of our Sites, your participation (including the content you post, your name, and a link to your profile) may be shared across our Sites and in other public or private areas of the internet. For example, you may choose to submit a product review or participate in our Q&A section on product pages. If you choose to do so, we will ask for your email address and geographic location. If you submit a review, your geographic location will be visible to other users (your email address will be kept private). Also, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Sites. We are not responsible for any Personal Data that you choose to submit as part of your review. We believe you can post a helpful review or comment without disclosing any personal information
Info Category
Name and Contact
Deliver your purchase
To fulfill our contract as retailers and send you moto stuff
Send you order updates through email and text
To fulfill our contract as retailers and send you order updates
Send you info on products and articles
To keep you up to date. This is only with your permission.
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or Cycle Gear
Show you ads while you're browsing the web
So you can see our latest products and deals. This is only with your permission.
Find out what you and other customers like
To ensure we're giving you what you want and to stay ahead of competition. This is only with your permission.
Birthday
To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or Cycle Gear
Riding Style
Show and send you updates on the appropriate products
So you can see what you want to see faster. This is only with your permission.
Gender
Show and send you updates on the appropriate products
So you can see what you want to see faster. This is only with your permission.
Physical Traits
In the private version of your Account for Customer Service
So Customer Service can help find you the right gear
Payment
To fulfill our contract as retailers
Fraud prevention and detection
To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or Cycle Gear
Order History and Saved Items
To sell you things
To fulfill our job as retailers / allow you to buy moto stuff
Provide customer service, support, and handle returns
To fulfill our job as retailers
Find out what you and other customers like
To ensure we're giving you what you want and to stay ahead of competition
Contact History
Provide customer service and support
To fulfill our job as retailers / help you with all your moto needs
Train our staff
So we can provide the best customer service possible. This is only with your permission.
Device and Usage
To improve our website and set default options
To give you the best shopping experience. This is only with your permission.
Protect our website
To prevent and detect fraud against you and/or Cycle Gear
Info from Linked Accounts
So you can log into our website easily
To make it easier for you to use the website and purchase moto stuff
To provide product recommendations
So you can the our latest products and deals specific to your liking. This is only with your permission.
Responses to Surveys, Competitions, and Promotions
Run surveys, competitions, or promotions
To fulfill our contract as retailers and provide you opportunities to win awesome stuff. This is only with your permission.
We do not, and will not, sell any of your personal information and/or data to any third party providers. This personal information included data likeyour name, postal address, email address or credit card information. We believe this is crucial in maintaining trust and providing the best possible experience.
We do however share your data with the following categories of companies as an essential part of being able to provide our services to you, as set out in this statement:
Affiliates, resellers, suppliers, and service providers as reasonably necessary for the purposes, and on the legal bases, set out in this policy
Companies that perform services to process and deliver your purchases, such as payment service providers, warehouses, order packers, and delivery companies.
Companies that perform services relating to IT and associated infrastructure in order to perform daily operations including communication and security
Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts who support the daily operations of our business.
Companies approved by you, such as social media sites (if you choose to link your accounts to us) and Marketplace sellers where you place an order and use their payment service.
We reserve the right to share your personal information in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will require that the transferee use personal information you have provided in a manner consistent with our privacy policy and the applicable legal framework whenever possible.
We may share your personal data; where such disclosure is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject, to enforce our Terms of Service, this Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; to respond to your requests for customer service; and/or to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Cycle Gear, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, or in order to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
We may disclose your personal data to our insurers and professional advisers as reasonably necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, obtaining professional advice, or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, whether in court proceedings or other legal proceedings. If you would prefer not to have your name and address shared, please send an email to privacy@cyclegear-direct.com with “OPT-OUT” in the subject line and we will begin to put measures in place to not share your information. By doing so, you acknowledge that you may not be able to interact with areas of our site and depending upon the extent of your request we may no longer be able to fulfill orders for you.
If you have provided consent or you are an existing customer, we will send you marketing messages via email to keep you up to speed on all things Cycle Gear.
You can stop receiving marketing messages from us at any time through the following methods:
Through your customer account settings within “My Account”
By clicking on the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email communication
By contacting one of Geek team members at privacy@cyclegear-direct.com
Once one of these methods is completed, we will update your profile to ensure that you don’t receive further marketing messages.
Cycle Gear is made up of a complex web of many inter-connecting services and it may take up to 60 days for all our systems to reflect these updates. We ask for your understanding that during this period you may still get messages from us while your request is being processed.
Please note that the discontinuation of marketing messages will not stop any service communications such as order updates.
With respect to security; we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users. The importance of security for all PII associated with our Users is of utmost concern to us.
We will keep your personal data while we are providing our products and services to you. Thereafter, we will keep your personal data for one of these reasons: to respond to any questions, complaints or claims made by you or on your behalf; to show that we treated you fairly; to keep records required by law; for communication with one of our Geek team members, and; to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis.
We will not retain your data for longer than necessary for the purposes for which it was collected as set out in this privacy notice. In determining data retention periods, we take into consideration local laws, contractual obligations, our reasonable business requirements, and your expectations and requirements. When it is no longer necessary to retain your personal data, we will securely delete or anonymize it.
We participate in online advertising to keep our customers up to speed on product offerings, site promotions, and associated content. Like many companies, we utilize targeted Cycle Gear banners and ads and may display these to you when you are on other websites and apps. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and ad exchanges in addition to using a range of advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and mobile identifiers, as well as specific services offered by some sites and social networks.
The banners and ads that you may see displayed will be based on information we hold about you, or your previous use of Cycle Gear Sites. This may include your Cycle Gear search history, the content you read on Cycle Gear or on Cycle Gear banners or ads you have previously clicked on.
Like many sites, our Sites employ cookies and web beacons to speed your navigation of the Site, recognize you and your access privileges, and track your Site usage.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer’s hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from websites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of the site.
Web beacons assist in delivering cookies and help us determine whether a web page on the site has been viewed and, if so, how many times. For example, any electronic image on the Sites, such as a product image, can function as a web beacon.
Cycle Gear utilizes several Google Analytics products, including remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Visitors may opt out of these features through Ads Settings, Ad Settings for mobile apps, Google's opt-out browser, or other available methods.
If you would like to opt-out of cookies generally, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org for further information. These websites also tell you how to set your browser not to accept cookies and how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of the features on our Sites may not function as a result.
Protecting the privacy of the anyone under the age of 13 is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information on our Sites from those we actually know are under the age of 13, and no part of our Sites are structured to engage anyone under the age of 13.
If Cycle Gear learns that it possesses information from a child under the age of 13, we delete that information from our systems. If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to take the necessary actions to delete such data.
Cycle Gear or third parties that we have engaged, may collect and store unique identifiers matched to your mobile device in order to deliver customized ads or content while you use our Sites, navigate the internet, or to identify you in a unique manner across devices or browsers. In order to customize these ads or content, we, or third parties, may collect your information, e.g., your email address, or data passively collected from you such as your device identifier or IP address.
By adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device, you can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share information, as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies and other tracking identifiers. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
You can inquire about your personal information, ask the following questions, or take the following actions by contacting us via email at privacy@cyclegear-direct.com or via the address or phone number below to:
By adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device, you can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share information, as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies and other tracking identifiers. Please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
See what information we have about you if any,
Change/correct any information we have about you,
Have us delete any information we have about you,
Express any concerns you have about our use of your information.
Under certain conditions, you may have the right to:
access your personal data;
restrict processing of your personal data;
portability of your personal data;
unsubscribe from marketing material at any time;
withdraw your consent to certain processing activities.
For more information on the full extent of your rights or to exercise your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer as described below.
General Info ot Tech Support: cs@cyclegear-direct.com
Complaints:In accordance with the GDPR, if you believe your data was unlawfully processed by Cycle Gear, you may lodge a complaint with the appropriate Data Protection Authority.
Here is a summary of the changes:
We will now use the term “Sites” to describe our website, mobile apps, blogs, etc. as well as third party websites, mobile apps, social media sites,
We clarify the types of information we collect about you and the ways we collect this data. We collect information in many ways, including from third party sites, social media sites, and advertising networks.
We describe how we share and use your information whether collected by our Sites, or other websites, including social media sites and advertising partners, for the purposes of ad targeting, remarketing and customizing ad content.
We describe our use of email communications and text messaging and how to opt out and/or control these communications.
We notify users as to their rights under the California Shine the Light law.
We clarify that your information may be transferred across international borders for processing and other uses.
We clarify how we share your information with our suppliers, third party vendors and referring Sites.
We describe our use of Cookies and other tracking technologies. We will detail how these technologies work and how we may use and share the information we collect from these technologies.
We're always looking to get better for our customers. Tell us what you like, what's missing, or what's broken.
