Mashable
5 months ago
Of course, he lives in Silicon Valley, and cycles to work while listening to podcasts.
Written by Kurt Wagner
over 4 years ago
After promising not to, fitness tracking app Moves will now share data with Facebook.
over 4 years ago
The impulse to share secrets with strangers predates smartphones. We've been scrawling our hidden hearts onto bathroom walls for so long there's even a fancy word for it: latrinalia. Today's public secret-telling takes place on social networks instea...
almost 5 years ago
Reddit announced an update to its user agreement yesterday. The announcement itself focused on making the agreement easier to read and understand, which is certainly a welcome change, but we noticed something else. Reddit now says they can use your c...
Written by Kate Freeman
over 5 years ago
SpongeBob is taking a temporary leave from the Krusty Krab -- at least in the app game SpongeBob Diner Dash for iOS. The Center for Digital Democracy (CDD), a nonprofit advocacy group, filed a formal complaint with the Federal Trade Commission on Mon...
Written by Stan Schroeder
over 6 years ago
The recent major changes in Google's privacy policy go into effect today, March 1. In January, Google announced a new master privacy policy that replaces more than 70 different documents and governs all of Google's products. Google promises the new d...
Written by Jolie O'Dell
over 7 years ago
It was quite in vogue last year to be incensed over the privacy-related misdeeds of a certain monolithic social network, but let's be honest -- did anyone ever read the privacy policy to begin with? How about the Terms of Service? Most of us eagerly ...
over 8 years ago
In keeping with a new tradition, Facebook is ready to alter its Privacy Policy and Statement of Rights yet again, but it's asking for user feedback before making the changes permanent. The proposed changes encompass an array of things, including loca...
Written by Mollie Vandor
over 8 years ago
Mollie Vandor is the Product Manager for Ranker.com and Media Director for Girls in Tech LA. You can find her on Twitter and on her blog, where she writes about the web, the world and what it’s like to be a geek chic chick. The privacy policy might s...
Written by Josh Catone
over 9 years ago
Quick, raise your hand if you actually read the terms of service and privacy policy at every web site you visit. Yeah, that's okay -- I don't either. In fact, most people don't. And the reason they don't is that web site terms and polices are general...
The Next Big Thing
©2018 Mashable, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
