× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Thingsremembered.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Thingsremembered.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.thingsremembered.com/custserv/custse... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Mailing Lists
From time to time, we make our mailing list (including names and addresses only) and general shopping activities available to carefully selected companies whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you and whose privacy practices meet the Direct Marketing Association's privacy standards. We do not share email addresses for this purpose. If you do not wish to receive mailings from these carefully selected companies, simply call Customer Service at 866.902.4438.
Back to top
Personal Information
We may also share your personal information, and any transactions you conduct on our site or offline with us with a third-party advertising partner and its service providers in order to deliver you advertising tailored to your interests when you visit certain other websites. Data shared with our third-party partner is made anonymous. If you wish to not have your information shared for these purposes, please contact us at 866.902.4438.
Back to top
Security of Your Information
Rest assured that we utilize the latest encryption technology to ensure the safety of your personal information at Things Remembered. Your ordering information (name, address, credit card, etc.) is encrypted during the ordering process & transmission, using our secure server to provide the highest level of security possible. In addition, once received, your credit card data is stored on a server that cannot be accessed via the Internet.
We further protect your information using the following methods:
Back to top
Updating Your Information
Creating a thingsremembered.com account allows you to take advantage of the unique services that thingsremembered.com offers, including email newsletters with exclusive offers, the ability to view your order history and track your orders, and the ability to keep a convenient address book for faster checkout. We pledge to keep your confidential information confidential. To protect your privacy, we will need to validate your identity before you update or review your information.
Back to top
How We Use Your Email Address
We are proud to be 100% compliant with the 2004 Can SPAM act, meaning that we do not send unsolicited email to our customers. It is our intent to send promotional emails only to those persons who wish to receive them. We do not sell or rent your email information to outside parties. At Things Remembered, your email address is used in the following ways:
Back to top
Email Unsubscribe
If you have provided your email address to us and have elected to receive special offers and promotions via email, but would like to discontinue receiving these special offers and promotions, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link at the bottom of a Things Remembered email and follow the unsubscribe instructions. You may also call 866.902.4438 for assistance.
Please note that when you make a purchase and provide us with your email address, we may send you confirmation of your order via email even if you have chosen not to receive email from us about special offers and promotions. We may also contact you by mail or telephone if we have questions about your order.
Back to top
Cookies
Thingsremembered.com uses your browser's "cookie" feature. A cookie is a small piece of text stored on a computer by a web browser. As text, cookies are not executable and therefore cannot replicate themselves and are not viruses. Cookies are used to ensure that items remain in your Shopping Bag while you continue shopping and to keep track of site preferences like your display name, home store and other session information. We do not use cookies to store personal information such as your credit card number.. We may use technologies such as our own cookies to provide you with enhanced online display advertising tailored to your interests. To opt out of advertising provided by us, click here .
Cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our most valuable services. In accordance with our Privacy Policy, the information contained in your thingsremembered.com cookie is confidential, never shared, and is used to enhance your shopping experience while on our website. Please note that certain pages of the Site may not function properly if cookies are turned off. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information about how to turn cookies on and off within your browser.
We may use third party companies to assist us in understanding shoppers use of the site and to provide online display advertising tailored to their interests. To accomplish this, these companies may place cookies on your computer to receive information about your browsing and buying activity on the site, and help us to provide you with a better, more personalized shopping experience. We prohibit these companies from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Things Remembered. To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving advertisements tailored to your interests, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices.
Back to top
This is version 3 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
