Privacy Policy: What information does Trial and Eater collect and how is it used?
This site (https://www.trialandeater.com) operates under the name Trial and Eater (“our”, “us”, “me”, “I”, or “we”). The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personal data we may collect when you visit this site (the “website”, “this site”) and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this website.
At www.trialandeater.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.trialandeater.com and how it is used.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at kelly@trialandeater.com.
This site uses cookies – small text files that are stored on your browser by the site. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences and provide anonymous tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics.
We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at  the About Cookies website  which offers guidance for all modern browsers.
We collect limited personal information about who you are and where you are, as well as technical data about how you are accessing this site. This personal information can be deleted or edited by you at any time, except for anonymous information that is impossible for us to delete. We work hard to keep your information private, however, because the Internet can never be completely secure, you give us your info at your own risk. When you put your private information on the Internet, it can be collected and used for others, and we are not responsible for keeping that information private or secure. If we have a security breach, we will email you within 72 hours of identification of a breach.
Trial and Eater abides by GDPR regulations, so if you wish to have your information (e.g. comments or email address removed) and you’re an EU resident, please contact me here. . We are happy to remove your information. We do not resell or share your contact information with third parties. Once you opt out of the mailing list, you are permanently removed.
Here’s how this site collects and uses data:
Newsletters: We use Mailchimp to collect email addresses through the signup forms on this site, and if you submit your email address on this site, it will be added to our list to send you emails from time to time. Your email address is also stored on my hosting server for the purpose of delivering the newsletter. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties. We do not sell or share your email addresses or any personal information about you. You may unsubscribe or edit your profile (link in every email, or  contact us ) anytime.
Cookies: We use cookies to collect limited information about how many times you access this site, the site that you referred you this site, what page you initially landed on, and any UTM codes (source, medium, campaign, term, and content) if they were used in the link you followed to land on this site. This information is only stored when you sign up for our email newsletter after you consent to signup and stored in Mailchimp and on my server. This information is used so we can understand more about why people sign up for the newsletter, and you can review and/or delete this information anytime by  contacting us  and requesting to review or delete that information.
Log Files: Like many other Web sites, Trial and Eater makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Downloads: On a few pages, I may offer free downloads of PDFs or products. We only collect email addresses, and they are sent to Mailchimp for the purposes of adding you to my email newsletter.
Comments: When you leave a comment, you are required to enter your email address which is stored on our hosting server. Your email address will never be available publicly.  At your option, you may also add an avatar and a link to your website.
Affiliate Links: We may use affiliate links to earn a commission if you follow a link and pay for a service. Affiliate link partners include Amazon, Commission Junction, ShareASale, E-Junkie.
Trial and Eater is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com.  As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
Display Advertising: Trial and Eater is an exclusive member of the Mediavine Advertising Network. Cookie data may be shared with Mediavine to provide relevant advertisements displayed to you while using our website. You can find  Mediavine’s privacy policy here.
Sponsored Content Tracking Pixels: This Website may engage in sponsored campaigns with various influencer networks, brands, and agencies. All sponsored content is duly disclosed in accordance with the FTC’s requirements. From time to time, these sponsored campaigns utilize tracking pixels (aka web beacons), which may contain cookies to collect data regarding usage and audience. This information is collected by the sponsoring company to track the results of the campaign. No personally identifiable information collected by the Website is used in conjunction with these tracking pixels.
Analytics: We use Google Analytics to understand the usage of this website. This data is anonymous and I cannot access or use this information in any personally-identifiable way.
We use a few services to manage this site and its services:
Mailchimp is an email list management service. Personal data includes email address, location, and any information captured by this site’s cookies (described above). Place of processing is the US. Please refer to  Mailchimp’s Privacy Policy  for more information.
Google Analytics (Google Inc.). Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Personal Data collected consists of Cookies and Usage Data. Place of processing is the US, here’s their  Privacy Policy , and here’s how you can  Opt Out  from Google Analytics.
Remarketing: From time to time, the Website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, Instagram or Pinterest in order to market the Website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Website. Opt-out of Facebook remarketing  here.  Opt-out of Google remarketing  here.
Facebook (Facebook Inc.). Facebook is a social network, place of processing is the US. Facebook’s Privacy Policy here.
Instagram (Instagram Inc.). Instagram is a social network, place of processing is the US, and here is their  Privacy Policy
Pinterest (Pinterest Inc.). Pinterest is a social network, place of processing is the US, and here is their  Privacy Policy
YouTube (Google Inc.). YouTube is a social network, pace of processing is the US, and here is their  Privacy Policy
Dreamhost is a website hosting service. Personal data for hosting this site, and for operation and maintenance purposes this site and Dreamhost may collect files that record interactions with this site (system logs) or use for this purpose other personal data such as IP address. Place of processing is the US, and here’s their  Privacy Policy .
If you get to this site through another site or click to another site from this site, they might collect your personal info. We are not responsible for those privacy policies.
 
You can contact me via email at kelly@trialandeater.com at any time to
Request access to information that Trial and Eater has about you
Correct any information that Trial and Eater has about you
Delete information that Trial and Eater has about you permanently and completely
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at kelly@trialandeater.com and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
This policy was last updated May 22, 2018.
 
Reader Interactions
Primary Sidebar
I'm Kelly, welcome to Trial and Eater! Here you will find easy, mostly healthy vegetarian recipes (and many that are vegan friendly). Read More…
Sign up to get new recipes to your email!
Copyright © 2018
