Stay with us while we hand select items to create
Please enter your email address used for your account and we will send a temporary password to you via email.
We do not have a record of a registered customer with that email address. Enter another email address and try again.
EMAIL ADDRESS**
{0}
along with instructions to reset your password. If you don't receive this email, check your junk mail folder or visit our Contact Us page for further assistance.
Password
Must be at least 6 characters and include one letter and one digit
Confirm password
I certify that I am 18 years or older.
Yes, I have visited a store or office before. Link my information.
Yes! Sign me up to receive emails & offers.
Reset your Password
Please enter the temporary password that was sent to you by email.
E-MAIL ADDRESS **
TEMPORARY PASSWORD **
NEW PASSWORD **
Must be at least 6 characters in length and include 1 letter.
CONFIRM NEW PASSWORD **
SIGN IN TO SAVE YOUR OFFER
Enter your email and password to save your offer, then redeem it in store.
Email Address**
Register below to save your offer, then redeem it in store.
Email address **
Yes! Sign me up to receive emails & offers.
SHOP BY BRAND
Where would you like to start?
Choose below to get shapes, styles, and lenses handpicked for you.
Face Shape
Get frame shapes, styles, and lenses handpicked for you, then plan when you'd like to come in.
Share this experience:
Online Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 24, 2017. Your prior activities on the site may have been governed by an earlier version of the Policy.
This Policy describes how we, Luxottica Retail North America, Inc. and its subsidiary companies, handle information we learn about you from our website. If you have questions or wish to contact us about the Policy, direct inquiries to:
Privacy Office
4000 Luxottica Place
Mason, Ohio 45040
HOW WE COLLECT THE INFORMATION
There are many ways that We obtain information from you: (1) via signup on any Pearle Vision website(s); (2) from an online, email, retail, fax or telephone purchase; (3) from navigational information about where visitors go on our website; (4) when you enter a Pearle Vision sweepstakes/giveaway; (5) when you sign up at a Pearle Vision store; (7) upon contacting customer service to request Pearle Vision communications; (8) upon signing up at an event.
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
When you register on-line to receive our product information, you will need to provide us with your name, address and e-mail address. When you make a purchase through Pearle Vision's website, you also will need to give us your telephone number and credit card number so We can process your payment and contact you in the event of any problems with delivery. When you order through Pearle Vision’s website, we collect your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number(s) and credit card number (with expiration date) or gift card number
If you contact our customer service department, you may need to provide Us with additional information so that We can respond to your questions or concerns as completely and thoroughly as possible.
In order to provide users and subscribers with the most efficient and enhanced service and to better understand your preferences, We may request your gender, year of birth, sports of interest, shopping preference and product interest. Whether or not you provide this information is entirely up to you.
We also may collect additional non-personally identifiable information (for example, browser version, IP address) which will provide information regarding the general use of our website. The navigational information allows Us to see which areas of our website are most visited and helps Us improve the quality of your online experience by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and services.
HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION
This website is exclusively directed to individuals residing in the United States and by providing your personal information you confirm to reside in the United States. As such, all personal information that We obtain about you will be recorded, used and protected by Us in accordance with current United States data protection legislation and this privacy policy. By providing Us with your personal information, you consent to Us processing this personal information in one or more of the ways described in this privacy policy.
We will primarily use your personal information to provide products and services to you, for example:
1) To process and fulfill your order, including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment, and other related emails
2) To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature and to provide you with the relevant products or services (for instance to deliver a prize you may have won in a contest).
3) To send you information/materials via e-mail or mail about products, offers and news We think could interest you. This information may relate to products, services, offers and news of Pearle Vision products or any other products and services by any company affiliated with Us.
4) To analyze visits to the website and learn about the interests of our visitors as well as visitor’s physical features in the aggregate so we can improve our products and services and deliver the best user experience.
The information obtained during an online purchase is utilized to improve your web experience by enabling you to obtain a faster checkout for purchases and/or opt-in to receive e-mails, which provide you with the latest and greatest information regarding our other products and services.
You may, upon placement of an order, opt to allow Us to save the information for a speedier checkout process the next time. Your payment information is then stored only for the purposes of faster checkout and is not used for any other purpose.
A cookie is a small removable data file that is stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies are only used by Us to allow you to use our web site in the most efficient manner. Cookies allow you to place an order on our website and allow us to enhance and personalize your online surfing and shopping experience. For example, we use cookies to:
1) Remember the items in your shopping basket
2) Recognize you when you return to our website
3) Analyze visitor behaviorYou can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Please note, however, that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our website.
We also work with other companies who use tracking technologies, including web beacons, to serve ads on our behalf across the internet. These companies may collect non-personally identifiable information about your visit to our websites about your interaction with our communications, including advertising and e-mails. If you object to web beacons, we recommend that you follow the instructions for deleting existing cookies and disabling future cookies. We will still know how many of our e-mails are opened and We will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device but we will not identify you as an individual.
We will never sell any information about you to anyone.
We engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, order fulfillment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, website evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. We may need to share personal information with these third parties so that they can perform these services, however, We limit the personal information that We give to them and authorize them to use this information only for the purpose of performing those services.
In proceeding with your online order, you agree that both your name and address and those of the delivery name and address (if different) will be checked using third parties such as credit agencies. If you are providing a delivery name and address which is not your own you must have that person’s permission to give us their personal information and for us to use it for the purposes specified. By providing it you are saying you have their permission.
We share aggregated demographic information about our user base with our agents, including agencies or third party vendors so that they can provide marketing analysis and consult on advertising strategies. This information does not identify individual users. We also may share non-personal information, such as the number of users who visited the website during a specific time period or who purchased a specific product through the website, with our marketing partners, advertisers and others from time to time. This information generally is shared in an aggregated form.
We may release personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; if We have been advised by counsel; We have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Pearle Vision, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others.
As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, We might go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, sale of all or a portion of our assets or buying online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers will likely be transferred. You will be notified via a prominent notice on our site for 30 days of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information. You will be deemed to have consented to the transfer of your personally identifiable information to any such successor entity unless you notify us via email to the contrary within the 30 day period.
Personal information submitted to or collected through this website may be stored and/or processed in the United States or abroad, United Kingdom, Italy or Canada for the purposes described in this privacy policy. By using Pearle Vision products and services (including our website), you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
We do not share, sell or rent to other third parties any personal information that you provide to Us, except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy.
E-MAIL OPT-OUT/UNSUBSCRIBE
We have a company policy not to flood people with e-mail correspondence, but simply to give you periodic information so you can stay up to date on what We are offering.
YOU can easily unsubscribe at any time you want by contacting our customer service department or by following the instructions contained in the e-mail. It takes some time to put opt outs in effect so you may still receive emails from Us for several weeks after your request is received.
We also use your e-mail address to confirm your order and to confirm shipment of your order and to respond to any inquiries you make on-line. All e-mails you receive will provide you with information as to how to get off the e-mail mailing list if you so desire.
DIRECT MAIL
If you would like to update your mailing information or want your name and address removed from our direct mailing list you can contact our customer service department.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
If you are under 14, you should surf PearleVision.com only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Although We do not specifically direct our websites, catalogs or e-mails to children, We strive to provide children with as much customer service as possible without violating their privacy rights. For their protection, We ask that anyone under 14 years of age not attempt to register with Pearle Vision or otherwise provide Pearle Vision with any personal information without the consent of a parent or legal guardian.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will provide you with access to the personal information you provided to Us by allowing you to view, update or correct your information. In order to protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the private information or enabling you to make corrections. We will accomplish this through the use of passwords and personal data.If you want to find out what personal information We hold about you, please contact our customer service department. We may charge you a small fee for providing this information.
Our web site’s bunker security system is armed with a sentry system to monitor activity and prevent any unauthorized disclosure of credit card numbers or other personal information. In addition, we utilize a licensed system for credit card authorization and fraud detection. We use industry standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption to protect the confidentiality of your personal information.
OpenMarket respects your privacy. We will not share or use your mobile number for any other purpose. We will only use information you provide to transmit your text message. Nonetheless, we reserve the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. When you complete forms online or otherwise provide us information in connection with the Service, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. You agree not to use a false or misleading name or a name that you are not authorized to use. If we, in our sole discretion, believe that any such information is untrue, inaccurate or incomplete, we may refuse you access to the Service and pursue any appropriate legal remedies.
TRANSPARENCY IN SUPPLY CHAIN DISCLOSURE
Luxottica has adopted both a Code of Conduct and a Code of Ethics, with which employees, business partners and suppliers are expected to comply. Luxottica produces the vast majority of its products at facilities that it owns and where it controls hiring and employment practices. The Codes require that all associated with Luxottica behave ethically and within the bounds of the law, to respect the rights of people’s dignity, health and safety, and that also denounces the use of child labor. Luxottica promotes the safeguarding of workers’ rights, trade union freedom and freedom of association in general.
Luxottica investigates the reputation and lawfulness of the suppliers it uses, and supervises the observance by its suppliers of its Code of Ethics through frequent company employee visits. The company is in the process to deploy a Global Audit program designed to cover Environmental, Health, Safety & Social aspect.
Luxottica requires suppliers to comply with the laws of the jurisdiction in which the product is made and strives to ensure that the rights contemplated by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights are guaranteed in the different countries in which it operates.
Luxottica supervises the observance of the Code of Ethics, providing information, prevention tools and controls and assuring the transparency of its operations and behaviors, intervening with remedial actions as necessary. Compliance with the Code of Ethics is a requirement for continued employment or business relationship with Luxottica.Regular training is a part of employment with Luxottica, including that related to compliance with the law. Specific training relating to human trafficking and slavery and mitigation of the risk of such practices with the supply chain is in the process of development.
UPDATES TO PRIVACY INFORMATION
Please review the site periodically to see any updates to the information provided here. This privacy policy was last updated on May 24, 2017.
close
Perks are not available with insurance
If you athenticate with your Insurance Plan, you won't be able to use Perks.
Cancel
For the latest news, deals and exclusive offers
Email Address
Sign up
I certify that I am 18 years or older.
The email address you provided is already subscribed. You are currently logged in. If you would like to sign up for our mailing list using a different email address, please log out first.
You're on the list!
You'll get an email from us very soon.
In the meantime, add a password to create a myAccount to manage eye exams for you & for family, save your favorite frames, view your past purchases, and so much more.
Email address **
You are using an outdated browser. Unfortunately, the LensCrafters website may not function properly on this browser.
For an exceptional site experience, please update your browser to take full advantage of key site features.
Thank you.
Internet Explorer
Independent Doctor's Notice
*In California, eye exams are available at LensCrafters locations from licensed optometrists employed by EYEXAM of California, a licensed vision health care service plan, or from Independent Doctors of Optometry at select locations. The optometrists are not employed by LensCrafters, which does not provide eye exams. Eye Exams are available by Independent Doctors of Optometry at or next to LensCrafters in most states. Doctors in some states are employed by LensCrafters.
Are you sure you want to go back?
If you go back now, you will lose information for all of your exams
Chat with us
Tell us a little about you and we'll connect you to a member of our customer service team.
First name* *Required
Last name*
Please note: None of your information will be sold or shared.
Chat
Don't worry. Some doctors take your distance for each eye. You're just a simple equation away from your pupillary distance.
1. Add the two numbers.
The first step is to add the number together.  We recommend a calculator because no one's perfect.
2. Divide by 2
When you've added the two numbers together, divide the sum by two and that's your pupillary distance. Check the number carefully and then enter it in the field for pupillary distance.
Loading
