Privacy Policy
 
What personal information is collected and how is it used?
Information you provide
You are not required to provide any personal information in order to have general access to Site, however, in order to access certain information, features or services, and to make reservations or purchases you may be required to provide personal information. Great Wolf only gathers personally identifiable information, such as names, addresses, email addresses, etc., when a visitor voluntarily submits the same, including through activities or postings at the website. Great Wolf collects personal information through this website when you make an online reservation at one of our properties in the U.S., purchase a gift certificate, join the ePack, use the Ask-a-Mom forum, post a video, submit a comment in connection with any interactive forum offered on the website, subscribe to the Text Messaging program, send us an inquiry for information, or otherwise participate in any contest or marketing program offered by Great Wolf that requires the submission of such information. This information may include name, address, phone number, email address, password and credit card information. We use this information to process your request and/or to contact you with questions and/or information regarding your reservation, purchase or applicable feature or service. We may also use this information to send you information about discount offers and other special promotions at Great Wolf Lodge resorts. In addition, we may share your name, address, email address and phone number with some of our trusted marketing partners, who may contact you to offer discounts and other valuable information about their products and services. In response to any email or text message promotion that you receive, such marketing partners will provide you with the opportunity to indicate that you do not wish to receive these promotions. We may use the personal information that you have given to us and cross-reference it with personal information we receive from our affiliates, marketing partners and others, including to provide you an enhanced and more personalized experience. We may also use such information and other information that we obtain from your use of the website, to respond to your questions or comments, to resolve disputes, to contact you when necessary in connection with the operation of the website, to address problems at and to understand the use of the website, and to enforce our Terms and Conditions. Please note that information that you voluntarily provide in public portions of the website is not protected information and such information could potentially be collected and used in ways which we cannot control.
 
Browser Level Information
 
Passive Collection
Great Wolf, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or our partners may use cookies, web beacons or other tracking tools to collect information about your visit to our websites, to track the effectiveness of our online marketing, and to manage related information. We use this technology to access information in accordance with the other sections of this Privacy Policy and to compile aggregate data. This data is used for reporting, promotional and marketing purposes only and the data we gather, along with the reports we generate do not recognize any personal information specific to you, or your individual computer. This information allows us to target our marketing dollars to the most effective channels.
 
How is personal information protected?
 
How is personal information shared with third parties?
As indicated in this Privacy Policy, Great Wolf may share information it collects from you with certain third parties. Further, we may share your information with our service providers—that is, organizations that provide services to support Great Wolf functions, the website’s technical operation or the execution of a specific promotion or program, such as our mail processing company, payment processing companies, and market research firms.
All such service providers are bound by contract to refrain from using the personally identifiable information we collect from you for any purpose other than providing the service to Great Wolf. We also may release information at the request of law enforcement authorities or other government officials; when ordered to do so by a court or when otherwise required by law; in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition or similar event; when we believe it is necessary to assert, protect or enforce our legal or intellectual property rights; and/or in connection with an investigation of any activity that is infringing, illegal, may expose us to liability, may harm the website or visitors to the website.
 
How can I opt-out of receiving future communications?
 
Online Collection of Information from Children Under 13
Children's Privacy: Policies For Users Under Age 13
 
What information is collected online from children under 13 and how is it used?
 
Is my child's information required for participation in online activities?
No. Great Wolf does not limit a child's participation in any online activity by requiring identifiable information to participate in the activity.
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact: privacy@greatwolf.com
If you have any questions about your reservation or lodge accommodations, please contact: guestrelations@greatwolf.com
Great Wolf Resorts, Inc.
Madison, WI 53717
Your California Privacy Rights
 
What are the Terms of Use?
 
Linked Web Sites
 
How will you know if we change our Privacy Policy?
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and we encourage you to review it on a regular basis. This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 1, 2011. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will notify you of the change by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us. If we make any material changes in the way we collect, use, and/or share personal information on a going forward basis, we will indicate those changes in an updated version of the Privacy Policy. In the event that Great Wolf goes through a business transition, such as a merger, another company acquires us or our affiliates, or Great Wolf sells a portion of its assets, your personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. In such event you will be informed of this and its effects via notice on our website. If as a result of a business transition, your personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be given the choice to opt-out.
 
Receive Email Promotions
I agree to receive Great Wolf Resorts emails containing promotions, news, and updates about Great Wolf Lodge. I understand I can withdraw consent and unsubscribe at any time.
Please refer to our Privacy Policy or contact us for more details.
Email Address or Confirmation # *
By creating an account you agree to our
Sign in with Google Sign up with Google
Don't have an account? Create one today and start receiving deals from Great Wolf Lodge!
