Signup
Join internet.com and stay on top of the internet. Get the best internet news recommended by top internet influencers direct to your inbox in a once-weekly digest, and unsubscribe any time. Get members-only access to internet data and tools, analyze your website and explore how the world uses the internet.
Join internet.com! Members-only newsletter, data and tools click for more
Last Updated: 11/24/2014
Your privacy is very important to us [Emerald Registrar Limited].  We are committed to being transparent and open with how we collect, use and disclose information. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect information about you and what we do with that information once we have it.
YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF OUR PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing and/or using this website, you (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any entity or person on whose behalf you are acting) explicitly agree to the privacy statement set out below and agree that you fully understand it.  If you do not agree, or are not comfortable, with any aspect of this privacy statement, your only option and remedy is to immediately discontinue use of this website.
We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement from time to time without notice to you.. Please take a look at the “LAST UPDATED” legend at the top of this page to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Policy.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
We fully respect your right to privacy and are committed to protecting it.  Any personal information which you submit via the website will be treated in accordance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 and this privacy statement.
“Personal Information” we may collect is information that identifies you as an individual, such as:
Name
Credit or debit card number
How We Use Personal Information
We may use Personal Information:
when you request, to connect you with vendors who will provide you with information about products and services.
to respond to your inquiries and fulfil your requests, such as to send you newsletters.
to send you important information regarding the Site, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information.
to send you surveys and marketing communications that we believe may be of interest to you.
to personalize your experience on the Site by presenting advertising, products and offers tailored to you. .
to allow you to send messages to a friend through the Site. By using this functionality, you are telling us that you are entitled to use and provide us with your friend’s name and email address.
for our business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products, enhancing our website, improving our services, identifying usage trends and determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns.
if you purchase a product or service from us, to complete and fulfil your purchase, for example, to have your payments processed, communicate with you regarding your purchase and provide you with related customer service.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Your Personal Information may be disclosed:
to our affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
to our third party service providers who provide services such as contact information verification, payment processing, order fulfilment, customer service, website hosting, data analysis, infrastructure provision, IT services, email delivery services, auditing services and other similar services to enable them to provide services.
if you request information from vendors so that they can provide you with information about their products and services. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR VENDORS’ USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.
if you choose to download a white paper, eBook, or other resource, to our clients, partners and current and future sponsors of that resource. If you do not want to be contacted by these third parties, please do not download, view or otherwise access the white papers, eBooks and other resources.
to third parties to permit them to send you marketing communications, including third parties who may provide similar services as the original service about which you requested more information.
to identify you to anyone to whom you send messages through the Site.
by you, on message boards, chat, profile pages and blogs and other services to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you post or disclose through these services will become public information, and may be available to visitors to the Site and to the general public.
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Non-Personal Information” we may collect is any information that does not reveal your specific identity, such as:
Browser information
Demographic information and other information provided by you
Aggregated information
How We Collect Non-Personal Information
We and our third party service providers may collect Non-Personal Information from you, including your computer type, screen resolution, OS version, and Internet browser.  We also aggregate Personal Information in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify you or any other user of the Site, for example, by using Personal Information to calculate the percentage of our users who reside in a particular country.
How We Use and Disclose Non-Personal Information
 
improve your experience on our website
understand your usage of our site
help identify you and maintain your signed-in status or to measure the effectiveness of e-mail communications.
You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. Unless you have adjusted your browser so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our website.  To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ .
 
THIRD PARTY SITES
 
THIRD PARTY VENDORS
 
SECURITY
 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
 
YOUR RIGHTS
We give you choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You may opt-out from:
Receiving electronic communications from us and our affiliates: If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us and our affiliates on a going-forward basis, you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the instructions to unsubscribe contained within the email.
Our sharing of your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties: If you would prefer that we do not share your Personal Information on a going-forward basis with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out of this sharing by contacting us at as further explained in “How you can access, change or suppress your Personal Information” below and requesting that we suppress all of your Personal Information on a going-forward basis. Please note that if you opt-out of such sharing, we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of third parties with which we have already shared your Personal Information (i.e., to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from these third parties, please contact them directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms in their privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails.
We will seek to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
How you can access, change or suppress your Personal Information
 
RETENTION PERIOD
 
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
 
CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at legal@emeraldregistrar.info
We use cookies to provide you with a great experience. By using our site you to agree to our use of Cookies.
Ok
