Hillsdale College
Privacy Policy
Welcome visitors!  This Privacy Policy explains the information collected by Hillsdale College from visitor activity at www.hillsdale.edu (the “Site”) and how we use it.
How you accept this Policy
By visiting the Site or by otherwise providing us with personally identifiable information.
Information we collect that is not personally-identifiable
We collect information that is not personally identifiable (meaning, anonymous information) regarding use of the Site, such as login information, computer-related information (browser type you used, your Internet Protocol address, last URL visited, and the date and time of day of your login).  We send a “cookie” or “pixel tag” to your computer which contains an identification number that is unique to the computer you are using.  You may decline to provide such information to us and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result, and some services may not be available.
We use this anonymous information to enhance the visitor experience at the Site, to understand how our Site is used, to communicate with our visitors about information and services relating to the Site, to investigate and verify proper conduct at the Site, and to monitor the security and integrity of the Site.  Internally, we use data in the aggregate to analyze our business.
What we collect about you that is personally identifiable (“PI”) and how we use it
We do not collect information that is personally identifiable unless you provide it to us (such as your name and email address) so that you can receive further communications from us, including advertising and promotion. You can opt out of receiving future emails and electronic communications.  We may disclose PI as required by law and/or in response to service of legal process, such as a court order, summons, subpoena, and the like.  We use PI to investigate and verify proper conduct at the Site, and to monitor the security and integrity of the Site.  We do not share or sell your PI with or to third parties.
Agent
An “Agent” is any third party that collects or uses personal information under the instructions of, and solely for, Hillsdale College, or a third party to which Hillsdale College discloses personal information for use on Hillsdale College 's behalf.  Agents shall comply with the privacy obligations stated in this Policy.
How you can access or change the PI that we have collected:  If you have provided PI to us and wish to revoke our use of it, you will need to email us a written request to cease use of your name and email address.
Information About Children  
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.
Links to other websites
We may provide links to third party websites.  We are not responsible for the content or information collection practices of those sites, including their privacy policies.  Please review the privacy policies of such sites.
Changes to this policy
If we make any significant changes to this policy, we will notify you by email, or post a notice of such changes on the Sites, or flag our Privacy Policy on the Sites as updated.
Effective date
Contact
Please contact us with any questions and/or comments you may have.
Hillsdale College
Hillsdale, Michigan 49242
Telephone: (517) 437-7341
Terms of Use
We encourage discussion of class readings and lectures on the Discussion Board.
We provide the Discussion Board with the expectation that all users conduct themselves in a civil manner worthy of the subject under discussion. Please abide by the following rules:
Keep your posts relevant to the topic.
Limit the length of your post, your total number of posts, and give other class participants opportunity to respond.
No crude language of any kind will be tolerated. Please be respectful and civil to other participants.
Do not post pictures or links. They will be deleted.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Hillsdale College was founded in 1844 by men and women who proclaimed themselves “grateful to God for the inestimable blessings resulting from the prevalence of civil and religious liberty and intelligent piety in the land,” and who believed that “the diffusion of sound learning is essential to the perpetuity of these blessings.”
Hillsdale was the first American college to prohibit in its charter any discrimination based on race, sex, or national origin. Associated with the anti-slavery movement from its earliest days, it attracted to its campus anti-slavery leaders such as Frederick Douglass and Edward Everett, who preceded Abraham Lincoln at Gettysburg. Several of the College’s leading men were instrumental in founding the new Republican party up the road in Jackson, Michigan, in 1854. And Hillsdale sent a larger percentage of its students to fight for the Union in the Civil War than any other American college or university except West Point. Two of those Hillsdale veterans helped carry Lincoln’s casket to the slain president’s final resting place in Springfield, Illinois.
Hillsdale’s modern rise to national prominence began in the 1970s, when the federal government attempted to impose a host of regulations on the College—including racial quota requirements that violated Hillsdale’s principled policy of nondiscrimination. When the Supreme Court upheld these regulations in the 1980s on the basis that Hillsdale students received federally funded grants and loans, the College decided to refuse even this indirect form of federal aid, replacing all federal student aid with privately funded grants, loans, and scholarships.
Hillsdale’s Board of Trustees pledged first that the College would continue its long-standing policy of nondiscrimination, and second that it would not accept any encroachments on its independence. It is a pledge that has been renewed several times in subsequent years and stands to date.
Today an independent, coeducational, residential liberal arts college with a student body of some 1,400 undergraduates, the College continues to carry out its original mission. With a core curriculum that comprises about one-half of courses a student needs to graduate, Hillsdale maintains its strong fidelity to the liberal arts.
In its outreach, too, the College teaches those same ideas that advance “civil and religious liberty.” Its many programs include the Center for Constructive Alternatives, one of the largest college lecture series in America; the Hoogland Center for Teacher Excellence, which holds seminars for high school teachers of civics and history; the National Leadership Seminars; the Allan P. Kirby, Jr. Center for Constitutional Studies and Citizenship, in Washington, D.C.; and
Imprimis
, a monthly newsletter that reaches over three million people.
Opened in the fall of 2012, the Hillsdale College Van Andel Graduate School of Statesmanship offers an M.A. and a Ph.D. in politics.
For more information about Hillsdale College, please visit Hillsdale.edu.
 
