Our Commitment
MOHELA is committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our customers. We will strive to maintain your privacy and ensure the confidentiality of the information you submit to us.
For more information about what type of information we collect and what we do with this information, read the privacy policies listed below.
Internet Privacy and Security
MOHELA Security Information
MOHELA takes security and privacy very seriously. We realize that your data is valuable and we take appropriate steps to protect that data. To protect our borrowers, we have invested in the latest technology; including Web Application and Next Generation Firewalls as well as an industry leading Security Information Event Management Dashboard. We promise to continue to invest in technology and staff to keep your information secure.
We restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard your nonpublic personal information.
Information Collected When You Visit This Site
When you enter this site, we do not collect personally identifiable information such as your name or email address. We do automatically collect the Internet Protocol (IP) address of your computer or handheld device. We store IP addresses in case we need to track a connection for security purposes, however, this information will not be shared with third parties for purposes unrelated to MOHELA. The information may be disclosed by MOHELA as it considers it necessary to comply with a legal requirement, and in investigating fraudulent activity or the misuse of this site.
Cookies
This site uses “cookie” technology to make your navigation with our site quicker and simpler. A cookie is a small piece of text that a website stores on a user’s computer to track the activities and preferences as the user navigates throughout the site. Some parts of this site may not work properly if you do not accept the cookies. Accepting a cookie does not give the site access to your personally identifiable information.
Email Address Usage
If you provide your email address to us, we may communicate via email about other services and product enhancements that may interest you. In each email message, you have the option to opt out of future email messages. If you reply to any email with a question or comment, we may reply to you via that email address and temporarily store your message and our reply for quality assurance or to comply with legal requirements.
External Links
This website may contain connections or hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties. MOHELA does not control these other websites and is not responsible for them, including their availability, content and security. MOHELA's inclusion of any connection, hyperlink or mention of a third party on the MOHELA website does not imply any endorsement of any third party or materials and information provided by them.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
MOHELA does not intend to collect information from children under 13 years of age. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal identifying information from a child under the age of 13, we will take all reasonable steps to ensure that this information is deleted from our files.
Privacy Statement Changes
Our Privacy Statement is subject to change. Any changes will be posted here and the policy is effective when it is posted.
WebSite Terms and Conditions of Use and Agreement
Please read the following website terms and conditions carefully. Your use of this site means that you have read and acknowledged these terms and conditions of use and agree to be bound by them. MOHELA requires all visitors to our site to adhere to the following website terms and conditions of use without modification or limitation by the user. If you do not wish to be held to these terms and conditions, you are not authorized to access or use this site. MOHELA reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of use, at its sole discretion, at any time and without prior notice. MOHELA also reserves the right to modify, change or discontinue the website at any time and for any reason without further notice to you. Your continued use of MOHELA's website after any such change to the website itself or the terms and conditions of its use will be considered constructive acceptance of any such modification. Any and all rights not expressly granted in these terms and conditions are reserved by MOHELA.
The website terms and conditions of use shall be governed by the laws of the State of Missouri, without reference to its conflict of law provisions, except to the extent that federal law may govern. If any provision is determined to be unenforceable, said unenforceability will not affect any other provision of the website terms and conditions of use.
MOHELA is the owner or licensee of all information and content on this site, including the site's overall appearance, except as otherwise noted. The information and content of this site is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. You are authorized to use this site for only personal, non-commercial purposes. Except as expressly stated in this notice, no rights or licenses to any copyright, trademark, patent or other intellectual property right of MOHELA or any third party nor any right to any portion of the information or content of this site shall be granted or implied. The following product names are registered trademarks and service marks of MOHELA; Rate Relief, EDCASH, MEDCASH, MEDCASH+, GRADCASH, LAWCASH and BARCASH. All other product names contained in this website may be trademarks or service marks of their respective owners. By using this website you automatically grant MOHELA the royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, transferable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, distribute, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, perform and display such content (in whole or in part) on the website or to incorporate it in other works in any form, without restriction or compensation.
The use or misuse of the content, images or information contained in this website, except as expressly authorized, is strictly prohibited. You agree that you will not use any device, software or any other mechanism or procedure to monitor or copy site content or interfere or attempt to interfere in any way with the proper working of this website. You also agree to follow all applicable local, state, federal and international laws and regulations in the use of this website. You further agree to be solely responsible for your actions and the content of your transmissions while using this website. You agree to truthfully and accurately represent yourself when communicating with MOHELA using this website and agree not to impersonate another or otherwise falsely state your identity or association with a particular entity. You agree to not transmit any messages, images or materials which are corruptive, contain viruses, constitute "spam" or are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, tortuous, libelous, harassing or otherwise objectionable.
You agree that MOHELA may terminate your password, website account or your access to this website at any time and in MOHELA's sole discretion without further notice to you. You also agree to provide all notices to MOHELA in writing via email or through the U.S. Postal Service. You are granted a non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license to use this website only under the terms and conditions stated herein.
MOHELA cannot guarantee the confidentiality of transmissions over the Internet. MOHELA is not responsible for technical failures of any kind. MOHELA makes no warranty or guaranty that the content of this website is error free or will operate uninterrupted and free of viruses or other items of a destructive nature.
The MOHELA website as presented, updated, modified and maintained along with all services, information and other content and accessibility are provided AS IS, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND TO THE USERS OR ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF: 1) MERCHANTABILITY; 2) FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; 3) EFFORT TO ACHIEVE PURPOSE; 4) QUALITY; 5) ACCURACY; 6) NON-INFRINGEMENT; 7) QUIET ENJOYMENT; AND 8) TITLE. USER AGREES THAT ANY EFFORTS BY MOHELA TO MODIFY ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO HAVE FAILED OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. USER FURTHER AGREES THAT MOHELA SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO THE USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHETHER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF MOHELA WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR WAS GROSSLY NEGLIGENT. Some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, and, as such, some portion of the above limitation may not apply to the user. In such jurisdictions, MOHELA's liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law. YOUR SOLE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THIS SITE IS TO STOP USING THIS SITE AND/OR THOSE SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS SITE. The total liability of MOHELA to you for all claims arising from the use of this web site is limited to one hundred dollars ($100). You agree that regardless of any statute, regulation, or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the site or the terms or conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.
This website conditions and terms of use and agreement supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the matters stated herein, and this agreement contains all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect thereto.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless MOHELA, its officers, directors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, costs, actions or demands, known or unknown, in tort or in contract, including without limitation all reasonable attorney and accounting fees, resulting from your use of this website, or your breach of these terms and conditions.
Copyright © 2018 MOHELA. All Rights Reserved.
