Effective Date: November 3, 2016
The NPD Group, Inc. and its corporate affiliates ("NPD") provide consumer and retail information and insights for a wide range of industries. We have been conducting market research for over 45 years. Our clients encompass over 2,000 businesses, including many Fortune 500 companies. VIP Voice is NPD's consumer research panel that gathers the valuable opinions of consumers through online surveys. In addition to being a committed leader in market research, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of your information.
This privacy policy describes our privacy practices, including how we collect, protect and use your personally identifiable information and demographic information. By becoming a member ("Member") of our panel, you accept these practices. This privacy policy covers the site www.vipvoice.com and also www.vipvoicerewards.com (collectively, the "Website").
What is Personally Identifiable information?
Personally identifiable information ("personal information") means any information that may be used to identify you, such as your name, phone number, email address, or mailing address.
What is demographic information?
Demographic information is additional information that you provide that enables us to deliver surveys to you that are appropriate for you, e.g. age, gender, household size, whether you have children, etc.
What types of information do you collect about me?
Data That You Submit Actively:
1. Personal and Demographic Information:
In order to become a Member, participate in surveys and access certain portions of the Website, you must first complete our Member registration process. This requires you to select a password and provide personal information (e.g., email address, first name, last name, postal address) and demographic information (e.g., gender, date of birth, income level). In addition to information collected during registration, we collect personal and demographic information after registration in multiple ways, including via surveys and profiles.
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users who are under the age of 13.
In addition, if applicable, we may collect your mobile phone number and relevant mobile plan details. In these cases, this information is used to contact you to let you know a survey is available for you, to provide instructions about how to participate in a study, or for member notices. We do not sell or share mobile phone numbers. For instructions on opting out from mobile communications, see "How Do I Opt Out?" below.
2. Social Media Data:
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
3. Member Forum Data
Our Website provides an area for members to comment in a forum ("Member Forum"). The Member Forum is hosted by a third-party forum platform, Wordpress. Providing a comment in the forum is optional. In order to post a comment, you must provide your first name and email address. Only first name is posted publicly within the forum with your comment. Email address, name, and comment data are retained by NPD and also shared with Wordpress. Your interaction with this feature is governed by Wordpress' Privacy Policy. To view the Wordpress privacy policy, click here . To request removal of your personal information from the Member Forum, contact us at support@vipvoice.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so, and why.
Automatically Tracked Data:
1. Cookies:
Cookies are bits of information that web sites commonly transfer to the computer that is browsing that web site in order to be able to improve the user's experience. We use cookies to maintain information about use of the Website. These cookies are primarily for our Members' convenience; for example, they maintain information about the current survey session and record Members' personal language preferences for viewing the site. They contain no personal or confidential information. Users of the Website may reject or delete our cookies and still use the Website, although in a restricted fashion.
2. Third party tracking technologies
We use third-party tracking services that use cookies, beacons and other tracking technologies to track, in the aggregate, non-personal information about visitors to the Website. The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection with them.
3. Log Files
Our server log, which records all transactions and the IP addresses that request them, is used to monitor traffic flow on our web site in order to manage it more effectively and resolve technical problems related to the Web site's operation. Log file information is not linked to personally identifiable information.
4. Clear Gifs
From time to time, we employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs). Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to personally identifiable information.
We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, How Do I Opt Out? below for opt-out instructions.
5. Digital Fingerprinting
In general, digital fingerprinting technologies assign a unique identifier or "Machine-ID" to a user's computer to identify and track the computer. We do not use digital fingerprinting technology (the "Technology") to collect personal information, or track the online activities, of the user of a computer; and do not disrupt or interfere with the use or control of a computer or alter, modify or change the settings or functionality of a computer. We use the Technology to help ensure the integrity of survey results (for example, to eliminate duplicate survey responses). The Technology will analyze publicly available information and data obtained from the computer's web browser and from other publicly available data points, including without limitation the technical settings of the computer, the characteristics of the computer, and the computer's IP Address, to create a unique identifier assigned to the computer. After creating the unique identifier, we do not retain the information used by the Technology to create the unique identifier.. In furtherance of our efforts to protect and ensure the integrity of survey results, we (a) may link or associate your unique identifier to you and any of your Personal Information; (b) may share your unique identifier with other sample or panel providers; and (c) may receive or obtain a unique identifier linked to you from a third party, including without limitation a sample or panel provider of NPD's. Any unique identifier(s) received or obtained by us and linked to a specific individual will be protected in accordance with this privacy policy.
We use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the Technology is safe, secure and does not cause undue privacy or data security risks. We use and distribute the technology in a professional and ethical manner and in accordance with (a) this privacy policy, (b) any statements and/or disclosures made by us to respondents, and (c) applicable law.
In the event that we discover or learn of any unethical conduct in connection with the use of the Technology, or that the technology is being used in a manner that is inconsistent with the statements and/or disclosures made by us to respondents or in violation of applicable law, we will take immediate action to prohibit such unethical conduct and to ensure the proper administration of the technology.
6. Data Validation
NPD may engage one or more third parties to validate panel and non-panel members. The purpose of the data validation is to assist in ensuring the integrity of survey results. For panel members, validation may occur during and/or after registration, including, without limitation, prior to, during, or after participation in a survey. For non-panel members, validation may occur prior to, during, or after participation in a survey. The data validation process involves NPD disclosing or transferring Personal Information to such third party , and the third party performing validation services and returning the Personal Information to NPD with any updates or corrections and, if applicable, with a validation score. NPD reserves the right to reject, deny, or terminate panel membership, or to deny or reject survey participation, if personal information is not validated to NPD's satisfaction.
Data Passed Between Our Sites
Our primary panelist website is www.vipvoice.com. Our reward applications reside on www.vipvoicerewards.com. While both sites are owned and operated by NPD, we pass certain information between the two sites, and their supporting databases, to maintain a positive user experience, e.g. to keep you logged in so when you visit our reward sites there is no need to log in again. Personal information passed is limited to email, password, first name, last name, and postal address (so that if you win a prize, we can quickly and easily facilitate fulfillment of your prize). This information is encrypted when passed between our sites.
How is my information used or shared?
As is standard practice within the market research industry, the personal and demographic information that you provide is used for market research purposes.
Your personal information is used to:
send you a confirmation email when you register,
notify you of available surveys,
for Member communications (for example, Member newsletters), or
for rewards communication and fulfillment as described in "What about rewards?".
NPD will not disclose your personally identifiable information to any third party unless you consent in advance, or for any of the following reasons:
When we have a good faith belief that it is required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process.
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety or legal rights of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. If NPD is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
to facilitate co-sponsored surveys with strategic partners bound by this Privacy Policy; provided, however, that such strategic partners will not utilize your personal information to send any marketing or promotional materials to you.
To authorized, consultants, vendors, and subcontractors, and other agents which are providing services to NPD and/or NPD's client(s), including, without limitation, data append services, data validation services, and incentive fulfillment and sweepstakes related services. Prior to disclosing Personal Information in this way, NPD requires the third party to enter into a written agreement restricting their use of Personal Information only for the purpose of providing services to NPD and/or NPD's client(s) and requiring the third party to ensure the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information.
To a partner for market research related uses including, without limitation, data matching, modeling, survey validation, data append, or database segmentation. Prior to disclosing Personal Information in this way, we require the client or partner to enter into a written agreement restricting the client's or partner's use of Personal Information for market research related use and requiring the client/partner to ensure the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information.
Demographic data is collected to ensure that we send you surveys relevant to your lifestyle and interests. NPD may disclose demographic information to third parties in either single or aggregate summary form. Singular summary includes providing demographic Information about a person to a third party without specifically identifying the person to the third party. For example, this summary does not contain personal information such as a name or e-mail address, nor does the combination of demographic Information make it possible to identify the person. Aggregate summary includes providing demographic Information about a group of persons without specifically identifying any person within the group.
In the event of the acquisition of NPD, or substantially all of its assets relating to VIP Voice, or its online survey business, the information we have collected from you will be among the acquired assets. Such information will remain subject to restrictions no less stringent than permitted under the Privacy Policy in effect at that time. Please see How Will You Notify Me if This Policy Changes for information on how we will contact you.
What happens when I click on a link on your site to other websites?
Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by the NPD Group. The NPD Group is not responsible for the privacy practices of sites other than the websites we own and operate. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any web site that collects personally identifiable information.
What about rewards?
After registering for VIP Voice, you will be given the opportunity to participate in our Rewards Program, which includes the SweepLand® and BidLand℠ applications, and features such as our Instant Win Games. Within these applications, you earn points for completing eligible surveys and can use those points as entries into sweepstakes or bids in auctions. Participation in these programs is optional. However, if you choose to participate, and win a prize, information such as your email address, name and mailing address are shared with our independent third party rewards administrator, in order to deliver your prize to you.
By participating in our Rewards Program, you agree to let NPD share your contact information with this independent third party rewards administrator. Your contact information is used by the administrator to let you know if you have won a sweepstakes / auction or to communicate program information. To receive your prize, you will be required to submit and/or verify certain information to the administrator (e.g. name and mailing address). This information is used to mail your prize to you. When claiming prizes, winners also complete an online affidavit, which gives us permission to post winners' names and state or country of residence.
We may also from time to time offer you the opportunity to claim cash rewards or other incentives for completed surveys. To receive your reward, you may be required to submit and/or verify certain information (e.g. name and mailing address) to an independent third-party administrator, so it may provide your reward to you.
For complete Terms and Conditions of the VIP Voice Rewards Program, please click here .
How long do you store my data?
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you surveys and/or rewards. If you wish to cancel your membership or request that we no longer use and retain your information, please contact us at support@vipvoice.com. However, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How do you protect my information?
NPD and its agents employ physical, electronic and managerial protections and procedures to help prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure or loss of the data NPD collects on the Website and through its surveys, in accordance with generally accepted standards in the research industry. The data is stored on secure servers, and only specific, authorized employees of NPD and its agents have access to non-aggregated data. These employees work on password-protected computers and are subject to NPD's confidentiality and security policies and procedures. If you have any questions concerning the steps taken by NPD to protect the security of the data you provide to us, please contact us. See How Do I Contact VIP Voice? below.
How do I update my information?
We encourage our Members to keep their information as up-to-date as possible. To change your email address, password, or make changes to the demographic and other profile information provided during the registration process, please visit: www.vipvoice.com and log in. Once you log in, please visit "Account".
Participation in our surveys is completely voluntary. You can elect to remove your email address or, if applicable, mobile phone number, from our mailing list at any time.
To unsubscribe from VIP Voice membership, please log in at: www.vipvoice.com and, click on "Unsubscribe" in the footer of the Website and follow the instructions. Please keep in mind that it may take up to ten business days to complete this process.
You may also click on "Unsubscribe" at the bottom of any email sent from VIP Voice. Please keep in mind that it may take up to ten business days to complete this process.
To remove your mobile phone number if you have provided it, reply "STOP" to any mobile message that you receive.
If you wish to cease participation in the Reward Center, but remain a VIP Voice member, do not enter accumulated reward points into sweepstakes and auctions. Participation in the Reward Center is completely voluntary.
Janet Hall.
Member Services
VIP Voice
