Seattle.Gov
Seattle City Light JIM BAGGS, Interim General Manager and CEO
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Seattle City Light values your privacy and will make every reasonable effort to protect the information we hold about you.    To make sure your personal information is secure, we require all City Light employees to complete annual privacy and security training,    and strictly enforce privacy and security safeguards within our organization. In addition to complying with the City of Seattle     privacy policy and the applicable Washington State Rules , the City Light policy covers practices unique to our electric utility     operations and customer interactions.
Please read about our data collection, usage, disclosure, storage and privacy practices and contact us if you have any questions.
Personal Information means any information that, when used alone or combined with other personal or identifying information,     can be used to distinguish or derive the identity of an individual, family, or household who is, or which includes,     a customer of City Light. Some of this information is exempt under the Washington State Public Disclosure Act ,     and all such information is subject to confidentiality requirements in third-party contracts.
Energy Usage Data means any usage information obtained through the City Light metering infrastructure (including advanced meters,     non-communicating advanced meters, and other currently installed meters) when associated with any information that can reasonably     be used to identify an individual, family, household, residence, or non-residential customer.
Third Parties means vendors, agents, or contractors that provide service to or on behalf of City Light.
You means any City Light customer.
What type of information does City Light collect?
City Light collects only the information necessary to provide safe and reliable services to you or to comply with the law.     We receive, retain, and process Personal Information, including Energy Usage Data, based on our business relationship with you     and your use of our utility services. Some examples include:
Contact information that allows us to communicate with you, including name, address, telephone number, and email address
Billing and payment information used to pay your utility bill, including financial information shared by you for autopay functionality
Electricity consumption data gathered by our metering infrastructure
Information gathered when you choose to participate in utility programs or services, such as Utility Discount Program, GreenUp, Solar and energy efficiency rebate
We collect information in a variety of ways, including:
When you use electricity, usage data is collected by our metering infrastructure
When you set up your account or interact with us regarding your account, your utility service,      or participation in utility programs, data may be collected by phone with a customer service representative,      by mail or email, through our website at Seattle.gov/light, or through vendors who provide services on our behalf.
How do we use Energy Usage Data?
We use Energy Usage Data to provide utility services to you, and to inform you about     utility-related programs and services available to you. We also use it to manage and improve our services and business operations.
Some examples include:
To generate billing statements and track account billing and payment history
To communicate with you about energy saving and energy management tips tailored to your geographic area and energy usage
To improve our utility services to you by maintaining and improving the electrical system, managing outages and supporting energy efficiency and usage management
We may also use data about your electric usage in a group of other usage data, so it becomes anonymous and cannot identify you personally.     For instance, the data group could be used to provide a summary of total energy usage for all homes and businesses in a certain geographic area.    In these instances, the Energy Usage Data is used by us to manage, provide, and improve our services and business operations.
Some examples include:
To project usage demand patterns and electric load, plot growth, and identify load centers
To improve our energy supply planning and to better design and engineer our energy distribution systems
City Light does not disclose customer information to any affiliates, including other city,     county or state agencies, or other third-parties for the purposes of marketing affiliate services or product offerings.     City Light also does not sell customer information and contractually prohibits its third-party contractors from selling customer information.
In accordance with applicable laws, City Light does share customer information to:
Enable third-party contractors to provide utility-related services on behalf of City Light, when the sharing of data is required to render the service.      City Light contractors are subject to confidentiality and security requirements and we prohibit third-party contractors from utilizing or      disclosing customer information for any purpose outside of the expressed purpose outlined in their contract with the utility.
Access, Integrity and Retention of Personal Information
To make sure your personal information is accurate, complete, and up to date, call us at (206) 684-3000 or     update your contact information online .
Personal Information, including Energy Usage Data, is retained for as long as is reasonably necessary to provide utility     services to you or as required by law, including those from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , which is typically six years.     Secure disposal methods are used when information is no longer needed.
Changes to this Policy
Changes to this policy will be made as necessary and when required by applicable law.
Complaints
If you believe your customer information has been sold or disclosed by the utility to a third-party for the purposes      of marketing services or products to the customer who does not already subscribe to that service or product, you must present a      complaint by submitting a request for an investigation in writing that includes:
A short statement describing the circumstances and the information that the customer believes was disclosed,
The action requested by the customer, and
The appropriate customer contact information
The written request must be mailed to City Light's Customer Care Division addressed to:
Seattle City Light
Customer Privacy Complaint
PO Box 34023
Seattle, WA 98124-4023
Upon receipt of a complaint, you will be contacted within five (5) business days and an informal     conference will be scheduled via phone. During the informal conference, a City Light representative will report the findings of the investigation you.    An appeal of the findings must be made in writing and within seven (7) business days of the informal conference to the following address:
Seattle City Light Attn. Hearing Officer
700 5th Avenue, Suite 3200
PO Box 34023
Seattle, WA 98124-4023
The Utility Hearing Officer will conduct a review of the complaint and investigation and,     absent exceptional circumstances, issue a written decision within thirty (30) days of the postmark date on the appeal.
Utility Discounts
SAVE 60%
The Utility Discount Program is a great way to lower bills.
