Samba TV Privacy Policy
The purpose of Samba TV’s Privacy Policy is to explain how you can control the personal data we collect. We built our products to improve television and that includes empowering you to make decisions about your privacy. Samba TV continuously strives to follow the Golden Rule: we handle your data in the same we would expect ours to be handled.
Last Updated: June 5, 2018
We, Free Stream Media Corp. and our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively “Samba TV”, “Samba”, “we”, “us” or “our”), know you care about how your information is used and shared. This Privacy Policy (or “Policy”) describes our practices, including your choices, regarding the information we collect.
This Policy applies to all of our products and services (“Samba Services” or the “Services”).  Our Services include our Smart TV Services, and Smart TV Apps (e.g. Hotlist and Samba Interactive TV), our websites (including www.samba.tv), and our mobile apps.  Our Services also include our products and services that may be integrated into third-party websites, mobile apps and Smart TV apps (“Integrated Services”).
Your privacy matters to Samba TV. If you have any questions please contact us at privacy@samba.tv or as described below in the Contact Us section.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, update your profile, participate in certain interactive features of the Services, fill out a form, request customer support, or communicate with us. The types of information we collect may include your name, email address, phone number, interests and preferences, location, and other information you choose to provide.
If you provide personal information to us about someone else, you must ensure that you are entitled to disclose that information to us, including having had obtained any necessary consent on his or her part; and, that we may collect, use, and disclose such information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Any collection and processing of information that you have provided about another person will be in accordance with this Policy.
Information We Get When You Use Our Services
We collect information about the Services you or your household use and how they are used, such as when you watch a video on Hotlist, visit a third-party website or app that uses our Integrated Services, or interact with our ads and content. This information includes:
Log Information: We automatically collect standard log files when you use our Services, which include the time and date of access, pages or features viewed, IP address, the type of web browser you use, and the referral URL.
Device Information: We collect information about the devices you use to interact with our Services. This device-specific information may include the hardware model and brand, operating system, device identifiers, resource usage, and error logs. We may also discover when your Smart TV is available to connect with a mobile device, which can, for example, be used to make pairing your devices easier.
Content Viewing Information: We receive information about the content you view and interact with through a Smart TV that integrates our Smart TV Services or through Smart TV Apps (“Content Viewing Information”). Content Viewing Information includes things like the title of the content, actions taken while viewing the content, and the length of time you viewed it.
We receive this information in two principal ways:
Smart TV Apps: We may receive such viewing information when you use our Smart TV Apps or third-party Smart TV apps that use our Integrated Services.
Smart TV Services: When you opt-in to our Smart TV Services, we may recognize the content played through your TV. Please note, we are only able to recognize public content, such as certain shows and movies. We won’t know when you’re watching, for example, home videos.
Precise Location Information: With your consent, we may collect information about the precise location of your device, including when you access or use one of our mobile apps or an app that uses our Integrated Services.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information when you interact with our Services. These technologies include cookies, local storage and web beacons. Cookies and local storage are small data files that are stored on your device when you visit a website. Cookies and local storage enable us and our customers to provide features and functionality (such as keeping you logged in), measure the popularity of our Services, and monitor their performance.
Web beacons (or pixel tags) are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails to help deliver cookies, count website visits, and determine the effectiveness of email marketing campaigns. Our cookies are set to expire twenty-four (24) months from the last time our systems encounter a particular computer or device.
Information from Integrated Services: We collect information when you visit or use third-party websites and apps that use our Integrated Services, including through the cookies and other technologies described above. For example, when you elect to pair a broadcaster’s app to your TV, that broadcaster can use our technology to synchronize your experience in their mobile apps as you watch a show on your TV. Also, third-party apps and websites can use our measurement and advertising services to better understand usage of their services and enable the delivery of interest-based advertisements. The information we collect includes information about your use of those websites and apps, as well as information those apps or websites enable us to collect from their services. For example, a streaming video provider may enable us to receive information about the content you watch so that our recommendation service can suggest additional content that you might like.
You may opt-out of providing information through our Integrated Services by following the instructions under the “Web and Mobile Apps” heading in the “Your Rights and Choices” section below.
Information We Collect from Other Sources: Where the law permits, we may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, we might obtain information from data providers and advertising exchange services, including assumed demographics and interests, and data about your engagement with our ads.
Also, if you create or log into your Samba TV account through a social media service, we will have access to certain information from that service based on the settings and authorizations you grant us through that service.
Use of Information
We may use the information we collect to:
Provide, maintain and improve, our Services (for instance, we use information we collect to refine the user experience, fix service malfunctions, test our security systems, and increase our technical performance);
Monitor and analyze usage of our Services;
Personalize our Services and deliver recommendations, advertisements, content and features that match your interests;
Improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads on and off our Services (for example, if you are interested in cooking shows, we may serve you ads for new TV cooking programs);
Communicate with you about products, services, offers and events offered by Samba TV or others, and provide content we think you will find interesting;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; and,
Detect, investigate and prevent fraudulent and other illegal activities, and protect the rights, safety and property of Samba TV and others.
For clarity, information we receive about you or your household from using one device or Smart TV may be combined with information we receive from use of other devices or Smart TVs. For example, if we know you love watching football on your Smart TV, we may show you real-time football stats on your mobile device. You may always opt-out of receiving such tailored content on your household devices by following the instructions set forth in the “Your Rights and Choices” section below.
Sharing of Information
Information You Share
When you submit a post to any interactive areas of our websites or apps, users of those services may be able to see the posts, your username, and when you submitted the post.
The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools — such as the Facebook “Like” button — which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the company, and are subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of those companies.
Information We Share
We may share the information we collect about you with third parties in the following circumstances:
With Your Consent or at Your Direction: At your direction or if we have your consent to do so, we will share information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Samba TV. When you authorize us to share information about you with other companies, you should review their privacy policies to understand how they may use and treat your information.
With Vendors, Consultants, and Data Processors: We may share information with vendors, consultants, and data processors, service providers, and other trusted businesses who work on our behalf.
For Legal Reasons: We may share information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Samba TV: in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process; if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements; or, to protect the rights, property or safety of Samba or others.
With Our Corporate Family: We may share information between and among Samba TV’s current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries and other companies under our common control and ownership. We rely on our legitimate interests to do so in order to administer and deliver our Services as described in this Policy.
We may also share information in connection with any merger, sale of assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
When You are not Directly Identified: We may share certain information, such as Content Viewing Information, that does not, on its own, directly identify you as an individual. We may share this information with our partners and customers (including for advertising and analytics purposes), and the public. We may, for instance, publish aggregated reports regarding how many people viewed a particular TV show. Or, we may share data about your device with advertising platforms to help make the ads you see more relevant to you.
For clarity, the personal information that we share will not directly identify you, but may indirectly identify you through, for example, your device or other means. The types of personal information we may share include device IDs, advertising IDs, IP addresses, hashed/encrypted versions of your email address or other identifier, or pseudonymous IDs.
Analytics and Advertising Services Provided by Others
We engage other companies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet and provide analytics services to us.
These companies may use cookies, web beacons, device IDs, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and apps, including: your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Samba TV and others in various ways, including to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain features, deliver interest-based advertising and other content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and to better understand your online activity.
Security
Samba TV takes reasonable and appropriate security measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
International Transfers
We are based in the United States and currently have subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, Poland, and Taiwan. In the future Samba TV may also establish additional affiliates and subsidiaries in other countries.
To facilitate our operations and to help deliver our Services, we may transfer personal information to the U.S. and any other country where our affiliates, subsidiaries, vendors, consultants and service providers operate. For example, we may transfer your personal information to Samba’s servers in the U.S. to provide you with relevant recommendations in Hotlist.
The countries where we may transfer your personal information might have laws which are different, and potentially not as protective, as the laws of your country of residence.
When we transfer your personal information abroad, we will take appropriate safeguards to protect the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and seek to ensure that overseas recipients comply with applicable privacy laws.
For data transfers from the EEA, we rely on the European Commission’s approved standard contractual clauses to enable the transfer of personal information to territories outside the EEA. You may request a copy of these Commission-approved standard clauses by contacting us as specified in the Contact US section below.
Please note that for data transfers involving personal data from Argentine data subjects, we will rely on the principles and standards of the model contract clauses approved by the Argentine Data Protection Agency in Disposition 60/E/2016, for the transfer of personal data to countries that, according to the Agency, do not provide an adequate level of data protection.
If you would like more information, please feel free to contact us through the email or at the address provided in the Contact Us section.
Your Rights and Choices
Below are the rights and choices we provide in connection with the practices described in this Policy.
Interactive and Smart TV Services
We require TV manufacturers to provide you with an opt-in to enable our Smart TV Services that collect Content Viewership Information. This opt-in will usually be presented when you first set up your Smart TV, or after your Smart TV gets a software update that includes our Smart TV Services.
You should be able to opt-out of, or into, our Smart TV Services at any time your TV is connected to the Internet. You typically can find our opt-out and opt-in feature in the “settings” area of your Smart TV or within the Interactive TV Service user interface.  If you have trouble finding this feature, you should contact the TV manufacturer to determine the exact location.  If you opt-out of our Smart TV Services, we will no longer collect TV viewing information through this service.
However, we still may receive Content Viewership Information, as described above in the “Collection of Information” section, when you watch content through certain Smart TV Apps.
Also, if you opt-out of our Smart TV Services, you will not be able to take advantage of our interactive features on your Smart TV; or, features of other applications that rely on Smart TV Services to operate (after you authorized their use), such as receiving content recommendations based on the shows you love, interacting or playing along with your favorite shows using your TV remote or mobile device, accessing exclusive content and offers, resuming a show from where you left off, and receiving notifications when the show you were watching returns from commercial.
You may also choose to enable Limit Ad Tracking from the Privacy menu within Interactive TV Settings on your Smart TV.  If you do so, our advertising platform will opt your Samba TV Advertising ID out of receiving targeted advertising based on Content Viewing Information from Smart TV Services, regardless of what device you are using. Note that whenever you want to unlink the data associated with your Samba TV Advertising ID, you can simply reset it. Please check with the TV manufacturer for the exact location of these features. If you cannot find them or your TV manufacturer has not enabled them, please contact us at privacy-support@samba.tv .
If you intend to sell or otherwise give away your Smart TV, you should perform a “factory reset.” This will 1) reset the Samba TV advertising ID, and 2) allow the new owner of the TV to choose whether they want to opt-in or opt-out. If you sell or give away your Smart TV without performing a “factory reset,” information about the new owner may be incorrectly attributed to you.
Web and Mobile Apps
Samba TV is an active member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), an industry association that develops the policies around online consumer privacy in the context of interest-based advertising. Samba TV complies with the NAI Code of Conduct.  Consistent with our commitment to the NAI principles, we provide means for you to opt-out of interest-based advertising based on your web browsing and mobile app usage:
Web Browsers: You can opt-out of having Samba use your web browsing information for interest-based advertisements by visiting http://optout.networkadvertising.org or accessing “Opt-out of Samba TV Ads” available below.
Mobile Devices: For the most effective and up-to-date methods to limit ad tracking on your mobile device, please refer to your mobile operating system settings to see how you can opt-out of interest-based advertisements, or reset your mobile device advertiser ID to unlink information previously associated with your advertiser ID.
You may learn more about interest-based advertising, as well as pertinent self-regulatory frameworks — and companies like Samba TV that strive to embrace such regimes — by visiting the NAI ( https://www.networkadvertising.org ) or the Digital Advertising Alliance ( http://digitaladvertisingalliance.org ).
Cookies and Local Storage
If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies or to clear local storage. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies or clear local storage, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Location Information
You can turn location-based services on and off by adjusting the settings of your mobile device.
Account Information and Requests
In accordance with applicable law you may have the right to access, update or delete personal information we hold about you, including deleting Content Viewing Information. This means you may have the right to 1) be informed of the personal information we collect, how we use it, what personal information we have shared with third parties, and to be provided with a copy of that information; and 2) have corrections made, or have the information deleted if it is not accurate or processed in violation of applicable laws.  You may be able to exercise these rights by logging into your online account within the Samba TV products and services that you use.  Otherwise please submit a written request using the details provided in the Contact Us section below.
Further, if you are from certain territories, you may have the right to exercise additional rights available to you under applicable laws, including broader rights to access and erasure of your personal information, the right to object to or restrict processing of your personal information, or the right to data portability in certain circumstances. If you would like to make such a request, please contact us at privacy@samba.tv or at the address provided below in the Contact Us section.
We will consider all requests in accordance with applicable laws. To obtain access to your personal information, we may require that you provide additional information to confirm your identity. This confirming information will only be used to process your request.  To correct any information we have about you, please send a correction request following the same instructions as above.
Remember that in certain jurisdictions you also have the right to complain to a data protection authority (“DPA”) about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local DPA.
Retention of Information
We will generally retain your personal information for as long as is needed to fulfil the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. However, we may retain certain information as required by the applicable law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements), or for legitimate business purposes. When we have no basis to continue processing your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it in accordance with applicable laws (though we may need to retain cached or archived copies for a certain period until deletion is possible).
We may store Content Viewership Information so long as you continue to have a relationship with our Interactive TV software. Content Viewing Information may be stored up to ten (10) years from the last time our Services encounter a particular device, unless you ask us to delete that information by following the instructions above.
Promotional Communications
From time to time, we may send you marketing communications about our products and services, in accordance with your preferences.  You may opt-out of receiving promotional messages from us at any time by following the instructions in those messages (often it will be a notice or link at the bottom of the message). If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
Mobile Push Notifications
With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.
Withdrawal of Consent
Where we rely on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Legal Basis for Processing (EEA)
If you are an individual from the EEA, our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where: 1) we have your consent to do so, 2) where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you (such as delivering the Services to you), or 3) where the processing is in our or a third party’s legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
Where we rely on your consent to process personal information, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time. Please note that this does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on consent prior to its withdrawal.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and let you know whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide it). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests which are not already described in this policy, we will make it clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and let you know whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide it). Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests which are not already described in this policy, we will make it clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacy@samba.tv or at the address provided below in the Contact Us section.
Rights of Argentine Data Subjects and Legal Basis for Processing Their Data
Please be aware that if you are an Argentine data subject, you have the right to access, delete, update, or amend your personal data under Argentina’s Data Protection Act.
If you are an individual from Argentina, the legal basis for processing your personal data, as well as collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where: 1) we have your consent to do so, and 2) the existence of a contractual relationship between you and Samba TV by the virtue of the use of our products and services.
The owner of the personal data has the right to exercise and the right of access his or her data free of charge at intervals of not less than six months, unless a legitimate interest is accredited for the purpose as established in article 14, subsection 3 of the Law No. 25,326. In addition, the owner of personal data also has the right to update or request the deletion of his or her personal data pursuant to article 16 of Law 25,326.
The NATIONAL DIRECTORATE OF PROTECTION OF PERSONAL DATA, Body of Control of Law No. 25,326, has the power to address complaints and claims that are filed in relation to the breach of the rules on protection of personal data.
Argentine data subjects who wish to file a formal complaint regarding the collection and use of their personal information by Samba TV must contact the Agency for Access to Public Information at:
Av. Pte. Gral. Julio A. Roca 710, Piso 2°,
Ciudad de Buenos Aires
Changes
We may change this policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will revise the date at the top of the policy and provide notice.  Such notice may take various forms, such as updating the date on the top of the policy, adding a statement to our website, sending you an email, or providing an on-screen notification on your Smart TV.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints regarding this policy or about Samba TV’s privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@samba.tv , or at:
Free Stream Media Corp.
San Francisco, CA 94107
You may also contract our Data Protection Officer at privacy@samba.tv , or at:
Lucid Privacy Group
1556 Shrader St.
USA
If you are a resident in the EEA, please note that the data controller responsible for your personal information is Free Stream Media Corp. in the United States.
We will respond to all inquiries in accordance with the applicable data privacy laws.
Archives
What it means to opt out
You will miss out on getting relevant ads based on your interests.
We will miss you greatly.
Please note that you may still receive interest-based ads from Samba TV for up to 72 hours as your request is being processed.
How can we help?
Fill this form and we’ll answer in 24 hours with details and feasability.
Samba uses data
