Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 14 2018
Your privacy is important to the us. This Privacy Policy has been written to describe the conditions under which this web site is being made available to you. The Privacy Policy discusses, among other things, how data obtained during your visit to BanBands website ("Site") may be collected and used. We strongly recommend that you read the Privacy Policy carefully. By using this Site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms of the Privacy Policy, you are directed to discontinue accessing or otherwise using the Site or any materials obtained from it. 
The process of maintaining a website is ever evolving. BanBands reserves the right to decide at any time, without advance notice, to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy. Your use of this Site, or materials obtained from this Site, indicates your agreement to the Privacy Policy at the time of use. The effective Privacy Policy will be posted on this Site, and you should review upon every visit for any changes that may have occurred.
1. Sites Covered by this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy applies to all of BanBands maintained web sites, domains, information portals, social media platforms, and registries.
2. Children’s Privacy
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
BanBands is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. We do not intentionally collect information from minors, and do not target this Site to children under the age of 13.
3. Links to third-party Websites
BanBands Site may provide links to third-party websites. If you access those links, you will leave BanBands Site. BanBands does not control these third-party websites and cannot represent that their policies and practices will be consistent with this Privacy Policy. For example, other web sites may collect or use personal information about you in a manner different from that described in this document. Therefore, you should use other websites with caution, and you do so at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any website linked on our Site. 
4. Information Collected
4.a. Personal Information
Personal information is information that is associated with your name or personal identity. When ordering or registering on BanBands Site, you may be asked to enter your full name, email address, mailing address, phone number, billing information, credit card information, or other details to help you with your experience, where appropriate. 
4.b. Non-Personal Information
Non-personal information is data about usage and service operation that is not directly associated with a specific personal identity. BanBands may collect and analyze non-personal information to evaluate how visitors use our Site.
4.c. Aggregate Information
BanBands may gather aggregate information, which refers to information your computer automatically provides to us and that cannot be tied back to you as a specific individual. Examples include referral data (the web sites you visited just before and just after our site), the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. For example, when you request a page from our Site, our servers log your IP address to create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns and for purposes of system administration.
4.d. Log Files
Every time you request or download a file from BanBands Site, we may store data about these events and your IP address in a log file. BanBands may use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use or for other business purposes.
4.e. Cookies
BanBands may use a feature of your browser to set a “cookie” on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information that a website’s computer stores on your computer. BanBands Site can then read the cookies whenever you visit our site. We may use cookies in a number of ways, such as to save your information so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site and to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current Site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer improved Site experiences and tools in the future. BanBands may also use cookies to generate content specific to your interests and to track the pages you’ve visited. These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your experience so that your visit to our site is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible.
Most browser software can be set up to deal with cookies. You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, certain functions and conveniences of our Site may not work properly. Most browsers offer instructions on how to reset the browser to reject cookies in the “Help” section of the toolbar. We do not link non-personal information from cookies to personally identifiable information without your permission.
4.f. Web Beacons
BanBands Site also may use web beacons to collect non-personal information about your use of this Site and the websites of selected sponsors or members, your use of special promotions or newsletters, and other activities. The information collected by web beacons allows us to statistically monitor how many people are using our web site and selected sponsors’ sites; how many people open our emails; and for what purposes these actions are being taken. Our web beacons are not used to track your activity outside of our Site or those of our sponsors. BanBands does not link non-personal information from web beacons to personally identifiable information without your permission.
5. When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, contact support, enter information on our Site, or provide us with feedback on our products or services. 
6. How do we use your information?
BanBands may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, browse the Site, or use certain other Site features. We may use non-personal data that is aggregated for reporting about our Site's usability, performance and effectiveness. It may be used to improve the experience, usability, and content of the Site.
BanBands may use personal information to provide services that support the activities of our customers including but not limited to, follow up correspondences, to send periodic emails regarding your order or other products, to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. Payment processing services are provided by a third-party payment service. BanBands does not collect or store your credit card information as all transactions are processed by a third party. BanBands may share your personal information with its partners to facilitate these transactions. 
7. Information Sharing
BanBands does not sell, rent, or lease any individual’s personal information or lists of email addresses to anyone for marketing purposes, and we take commercially reasonable steps to maintain the security of this information. However, we reserve the right to supply any such information to any organization into which we may merge in the future or to make any transfer in order to enable a third-party to continue part or all of its mission. We also reserve the right to release personal information to protect our systems or business, when we reasonably believe you to be in violation of our Terms of Use or if we reasonably believe you to have initiated or participated in any illegal activity. In addition, please be aware that in certain circumstances, we may be obligated to release your personal information pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or other orders.
In keeping with our open process, we may maintain publicly accessible archives for the majority of our activities. For example, posting an email to any of the BanBands-hosted public mail lists, subscribing to one of our newsletters, or registering for one of our public meetings may result in your email address becoming part of the publicly accessible archives.
If you are a registered member of our email list, you should be aware that some items of your personal information may be visible to other members and to the public. BanBands member databases may retain information about your name, e-mail address, and other personal and identifying data. That data may be visible to other BanBands subscribers and/or to the public.
Please remember that any information (including personal information) that you disclose in public areas of our Site becomes public information that others may collect, circulate, and use. Because we cannot and do not control the acts of others, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose information about yourself or others in public forums such as these.
Given the international scope of this Site, personal information may be visible to persons outside your country of residence, including to persons in countries that your own country’s privacy laws and regulations deem deficient in ensuring an adequate level of protection for such information. If you are unsure whether this Privacy Policy is in conflict with applicable local rules, you should not submit your information. If you are located within the European Union, you should note that your information will be transferred to the United States, which is deemed by the European Union to have inadequate data protection. Nevertheless, in accordance with local laws implementing European Union Directive 95/46/EC of 24 October 1995 (“EU Privacy Directive”) on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, individuals located in countries outside of the United States of America who submit personal information do thereby consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to its transfer to and/or storage in the United States of America.
If you do not want your personal information collected and used, please do not visit this site or subscribe to email lists.
8. Security
BanBands makes every effort to protect personal information by users of our Site, however, no website is 100% secure, and you should take this into account when submitting personal or confidential information about yourself on any website. BanBands assumes no liability for the interception, alteration, or misuse of the information you provide. You alone are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your personal information. Please use care when using this site and provide personal information. Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and who are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology provided by a third party.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
9. CAN SPAM Act
We collect your email address in order to:
a. Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
b. Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
c. Send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
d. Market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at info@banbands.com  
© 2018 BanBands LLC. All Rights Reserved.
