Privacy Policy
This website and any mobile application linked to this privacy policy (collectively the “Sites”) is owned and operated by Holland America Line N.V. ("Holland America Line"). Holland America Line is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy and helping you make the most of your time on the Internet within a trusted environment. The Holland America Line Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to the Sites where it appears and discloses how we collect, protect, use and share information gathered about you through our Sites. If you use our Sites, you explicitly agree to the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy in effect at the time of your use.
Please read our Privacy Policy to understand:
Information We Collect
We may collect personal information about you, for example, when you register at our website, request a brochure or video, an itinerary, deck plan or ebrochure, sign up to receive promotional materials, fill out a survey, or email or access our cruise booking application. We may also collect the information you submit through our "Chat" functions or our "Contact Us" pages. Confirmed guests checking in online will be asked to provide certain personal information. We also collect information when you purchase a product or service from the Sites.
 
Site Use Information
 
Information We Collect or Store Automatically as You Access and Use the Sites
We automatically collect certain type of usage information when you visit the Sites, receive Holland America Line’s emails, or otherwise engage with us. For example, we use cookies, log file information, clear gifs or beacons, device recognition technologies and other similar tracking technology to better understand our Site usage information and to improve our Site and our user experience. We may use these technologies to collect the type of device you use to access our Sites, your device identifier, IP address or mobile operating system. If you use our website, we may collect information about the browser you are using. We might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. If you use our mobile application, we might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We may collect this information over time and across different websites, apps and devices. Third parties may also collect your personal information this way when you use the Sites. Some methods we use to collect this usage information is explained below.
To learn how to manage how we – and our vendors – use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here .
Cookies help personalize your online experience, such as recognizing your name when you revisit, your language and country, as well as to assist us in marketing and advertising. A cookie is a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters placed on your devices that uniquely identify your browser and let us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Site. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Some cookies are deleted once you leave our website ("session cookies"), while other cookies remain after you leave our website ("persistent cookies") so that you are recognized when you return to the website.
Log File Information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring/exit pages and URL’s, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Sites, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
Clear gifs (also known as web beacons) are small graphic images or other web programming code that may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our customers, and can also be included in Holland America Line’s e-mails, so that we can determine which e-mails from Holland America Line are opened and which links or advertisements in those e-mails are clicked by recipients, and to help identify our users’ devices.
Embedded scripts are a type of programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Browser fingerprinting includes collection and analysis of information from your device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, and other data, for purposes of identifying your browser and device.
Entity tags (“ETags”) are a feature of the cache of information from device browsers. ETags are an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resources found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner, ETags are a form of Device Identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
 
Location Information
 
Information We Receive from Social Networking Sites or Other Third Parties
When you interact with our site through various social media, such as when you login to our Sites through Facebook or other third party sites, or share our content on Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, Instagram, or other sites, we may receive information from the site including your profile information, profile picture, profile name, user ID associated with your account, country and any other information you permit the site to share with third parties. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our website or Service.
 
Information You Provide to Us
You are not required to register in order to access certain features of our site or to download our mobile app. If you send us an email, register on our site or participate in a blog or forum, we may collect the information you provide to us. Certain portions of our site are restricted to registered users or passengers with confirmed bookings. In addition, passengers with confirmed bookings checking in online will be asked to provide certain personal information.
There are several areas on the site where you may provide personal information or will be required to register to obtain access to certain online services not available to anonymous visitors. These include your My Account page, Mariners loyalty program page, Booking online, Online Check-in, Book Shore Excursions, Order Gifts, Contact Us, Career Center or any of the places where you may email something from the website and Travel Agent Locator. Travel agents may register with Holland America Line through the PartnerSHIPS Travel Agent Center part of our site.
When you use the areas of our Sites restricted to registered users, we may collect the information including your name, address, gender, birth date, email address, Mariner’s number, booking number, password, your telephone number, special occasion dates, leisure interests and dietary preferences, health requirements, and passport and credit card information (cardholder name, card number and expiration date) as well as emergency contact information (the name, address and telephone number of someone not traveling with you who we can contact in case of an emergency ( Profile Information").
Profile Information collected may be for yourself and those traveling with you. By providing us with the Profile Information of any third party, you are agreeing and acknowledging that you have the express right and authority to do so on their behalf. Each person whose Profile Information is linked to the same booking agrees that their information may be accessible to all others included in the booking.
Online Check-in speeds up your boarding process because information is submitted in advance. When you use Online Check-in you will be asked to provide some or all of the same information as the Profile Information. This information may be shared with governmental agencies including Customs or the Department of Homeland Security, with medical staff and with Holland America Line’s personnel. We may keep your credit card and passport information on file and on our servers to enable you to make purchases on board more easily and to facilitate your boarding procedure.
You may also choose how you would like to receive information from us: by mail, email or telephone. If you send us an email or request information we will retain your email address and use it to respond to your inquiry. We may also use your email address to provide you with information about upcoming events, cruises, special offers, packages and other information about Holland America Line or to provide you with information from companies with whom we have cooperative or joint marketing arrangements.
By providing personal information through this site you explicitly agree to our collection and use of that information as described in this Privacy Policy. You agree that we may use the personal information you provide to respond to your inquiries, process orders, contact you regarding customer service, let you know about products or services which may be of interest to you or to personalize our service to meet your needs or preferences. This may involve sharing certain information with our medical staff, affiliated companies or third parties, for instance, if you require a wheelchair or have dietary preferences. If while traveling with us you suffer a personal injury, or submit a claim after suffering a personal injury, we may use your personal information, including Profile Information, to provide assistance to you, assess, report, administer and manage any claims and to support our risk management policies and processes. We may share this information with third party service providers and advisers to support us in these activities.
 
Email Promotions
 
Promotions, Contests and Sweepstakes
 
Child Privacy
 
Access to Your Information
You are responsible for the accuracy and completeness of all information you provide to us. You may, at any time, access and make changes or corrections to your Profile Information or preferences, or delete them, simply by visiting the My Account section of the site and providing your email address and password. You may also direct us to change or delete your information by mail or email at the address provided below. You can direct us to delete your email address from our mailing list simply by following the instructions on any email you receive. We will act on your instructions promptly, but making changes or deleting information may take two weeks or more to become effective.
450 Third Avenue West, Seattle, WA 98119
Disclosing Information to Third Parties
We may share your information with our affiliated companies of Carnival Corporation and plc including but not limited to Carnival Cruise Lines, Princess Cruises, Seabourn, Cunard, Costa, Aida, P&O Cruises UK, and P&O Cruises Australia and third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.
We will share Profile Information and other personal information with unaffiliated third parties for purposes including:
you request or authorize it;
the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you;
the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our site’s Terms and Conditions, Legal Notices or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection, etc.);
the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets);
the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, sending emails about our products or services, etc.) or with whom we may have cooperative or joint marketing arrangements;
the information is shared with third parties for their own marketing use, or
 
Affiliate Marketing Opt Out
You may limit our affiliates, our sister cruise lines in the Carnival Corporation (Carnival Cruise Lines, Costa, Seabourn, Cunard, Aida, P&O Cruises (UK and Australia) and Princess Cruises), from marketing their products or services to you based on personal information Holland America Line provides them. This information includes your name, your address, and your history of cruising.
Your choice to limit marketing offers will apply for 5 years from when you tell us your choice. Once that period expires, you will receive a renewal notice which will allow you to limit marketing offers for another 5 years.
 
Transportation Security Administration Secure Flight Notice
 
Your California Privacy Rights
 
Security Procedures to Protect Information
We use reasonable means to safeguard the personal information you provide to us through the Site, but any information you provide us by email or fax is unencrypted. Data transmission over the internet is never 100% secure.
 
Inapplicability of Privacy Policies of any Linked Sites or Other Parties
 
Storage of Information
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
Your Comments are Appreciated
If you have any questions or comments regarding our Privacy Policy or our website, you can contact us at privacyHAL@HollandAmerica.com . This site is owned and operated by Holland America Line N.V. which controls any information submitted through this site.
Effective Date: As of March 2018
© 2018, HOLLAND AMERICA LINE N.V. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
- John Steinbeck
