WE VALUE YOUR PRIVACY
INFINITI Division of Nissan North America, Inc. (“INFINITI” or “we”) values your privacy, and we want you to know that your information is handled with care and in accordance with applicable laws. This Privacy Policy addresses personal information that we collect, use and share through websites operated by INFINITI, as well as through INFINITI vehicles and services. Our financial services subsidiary, Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation, maintains additional privacy terms that can be found here .
Information Collected Through Infiniti Website
INFINITI collects information from you at various points on our websites. INFINITI is the sole owner of the information collected on its websites (except that Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation owns information collected from credit pre-approval applications). We will not sell or rent this information to others. We will only share this information with our affiliates and dealers, marketing partners, and other vendors contracted to do business on our behalf. By using INFINITI websites and providing your personal information, you agree to the collection and use of your information as stated in this Privacy Policy.
If you provide your Social Security number to us, we will (1) Protect the confidentiality of the Social Security number, (2) prohibit unlawful disclosure of the Social Security number, and (3) limit access to the Social Security number.
INFINITI collects and uses two types of information on our websites: anonymous information gathered from cookies and log files, and personal information you provide us for certain services.
Anonymous Information - Cookies And Log Files
INFINITI may use third party providers to collect and record data on the use and performance of our websites during your visit (“Usage Data”), which may include without limitation the pages you view, the search terms you enter, your IP address, and personal information that you submit through the website. Usage Data may be collected by INFINITI or its third party provider through “cookies”, log files and other technology. INFINITI uses this information to administer its websites and to improve the services provided to you. INFINITI may share information collected through our websites with suppliers to provide services for us or as required by law or court order. INFINITI may also share Usage Data in an aggregate statistic format with a third party; such statistics would not include personal information. INFINITI does not rent, sell, or trade Usage Data outside of INFINITI or Nissan.
INFINITI may not respond to “do not track” beacons, tags or other such signals including browser-based prompts or controls. You may also receive tracking mechanisms from other parties prior to visiting our websites that will continue to track your activity while on our websites. Such data would be subject to the privacy policy of the other party from whom you received the mechanism, and we do not control or receive data from such mechanisms. For more information on how to manage advertising controls including tracking mechanisms, please visit  www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
 
INFINITI also maintains standard web logs that record data about all visitors to our websites. These logs may contain:
The Internet domain from which you access the website.
Your IP address (Your computer is automatically assigned an IP address when you surf the Internet. Your IP address is either static or dynamic. A static IP address may be identifiable to you; a dynamic address is usually not identifiable to you.)
The type of browser and operating system you use.
The date and time you visited the website.
The pages you viewed on the website.
The address of the website from which you linked.
 
INFINITI uses web log and clickstream information to help us design our site, to identify popular site features and to make the site more useful for visitors. Web logs are recorded in sequential files, and we normally do not attempt to identify individuals from these logs. However, we may use web logs to identify persons attempting to break into, disrupt, or damage our Site. We may share web log information with law enforcement personnel if we believe evidence exists, or is likely to occur, of a violation of federal, state or local laws or regulations.
INFINITI advertising at other non-INFINITI sites may be serviced by INFINITI service providers, who may use cookies to collect information about your visits to those sites. Information collected may include the pages visited, date and time, browser information and/or IP address. We normally make no attempt to link this information to you personally, except under circumstances described above. This information is gathered in order to help us customize and target our advertising to the needs and interests of our customers. If you wish to opt out of this tracking at our advertising at third party sites, please visit the following sites:
Personal Information You Provide
You may choose to volunteer personal information (name, email address, phone number, etc.) in order for us to provide you with services such as brochure and information requests, surveys and contests, site announcements, special offers at the time of the request or in the future, etc. If you would like to have your email address removed from our list, click the " unsubscribe " link included in our email message to you. Or you can call or send regular mail to remove yourself from the list (see contact information below).
As stated above, INFINITI does not sell or rent your information to any third parties. We share your information with our affiliates and dealers, marketing partners and other vendors contracted to do business on our behalf. When you sign up for certain services and offers on our websites, we will share your name and other contact information necessary to provide these services to you. INFINITI will share your information in accordance with the privacy policy in effect at the time your information is collected.
If your personal information changes, email privacyusa@Infiniti.com or contact INFINITI Consumer Affairs as outlined below. We will endeavor to correct or update the personal data you provide to us promptly.
If you elect to email a friend from our websites, a function available from the Design Your Vehicle page, we ask for the friend's email address. INFINITI captures this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.
Website Security
INFINITI takes all reasonable precautions to protect information transmitted through our websites, both while the information is being transmitted and after it is received by us.
When our credit pre-approval form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as social security number), that information is encrypted and securely transmitted according to industry standards for reputable organizations. While on a secure page, such as our credit pre-approval application form, you should see a lock icon or similar indicator that our site is secured as well as an “https” at the beginning of the website address. For more information on the Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation (NMAC) privacy notice, see "NMAC Privacy Policy" below.
Furthermore, once your information has been received by us, we use security procedures and policies commensurate with industry standards to safeguard against loss, theft, unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification and disclosure. If you have any questions about the security of our websites, you can send an email to privacyusa@Infiniti.com .
Links To Other Websites
This Web site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that INFINITI is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each website that collects personal information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by websites controlled and operated by INFINITI.
INFORMATION COLLECTED THROUGH INFINITI VEHICLES AND SERVICES
In addition to information collected on our websites, INFINITI may collect information about you and your vehicle several different ways, including:
from what you and the dealer provide to us when you use INFINITI Connection services during a trial period or demonstration mode, subscribe to INFINITI Connection services (see below), or buy, lease or service an INFINITI vehicle;
from your use of your vehicle;
from calls or emails between us or our third party service providers;
from our wireless or satellite carriers; and
from the vehicle itself.
 
The vehicle and driving information we may obtain from the vehicle includes, without limitation:
information about the vehicle and its operation, including without limitation, Vehicle Identification Number, GPS and navigation information, speed and distance information, driving habit and style, electrical system functions, diagnostic trouble codes, maintenance conditions, software version information, and other data to assist in identifying and analyzing the performance of the vehicle;
information about your use of the vehicle and any corresponding services, websites and smartphone applications; and
data about accidents involving the vehicle (for example, the direction from which the vehicle was hit and which air bags have deployed).
INFINITI InTouch And INFINITI Connection Privacy Notice
By activating, registering, subscribing, or using any of the INFINITI Connection services and/or connected services via the INFINITI InTouch mobile app, you consent to INFINITI recording and using certain information for various purposes as more specifically described above, including without limitation, product evaluation and research and development in connection with the operation of your vehicle. INFINITI Connection Services powered by SiriusXM® is provided to you by Sirius XM Radio Inc. For additional details regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal and vehicle information by INFINITI and SiriusXM® in relation to INFINITI Connection services, please read the INFINITI InTouch and INFINITI Connection Services Privacy Notice, available at http://www.infinitiusa.com/intouch/privacy . Your vehicle is equipped with hardware and software used to facilitate collection and use of certain data described above.
Use and Sharing of Information
You agree that INFINITI can, subject to applicable law, use any of the information we collect from you, and provide such information to applicable third party service providers, to emergency contacts provided by you, or law enforcement or other governmental entities, to:
provide certain services to you or your vehicle (including, but not limited to, sharing that information with roadside assistance providers, emergency service providers, or others, as needed as part of our delivery of services);
perform an analysis of service usage and maintenance conditions,
communicate with you about your account;
analyze the vehicle performance, and combine with and compare to data gathered from other INFINITI vehicle owners in order to be able to determine aggregate product usage;
help you to maintain the vehicle;
evaluate and improve vehicle quality and any services related to the vehicle;
prevent fraud or misuse of your vehicle or any related services;
comply with the law and any and all legal requirements, including valid court orders;
protect the rights, property, or safety of you or others;
offer you new or additional products or services;
perform market research, or
for purposes of processing the information collected.
We may also use your information to share with companies affiliated with INFINITI for joint marketing initiatives, subject to applicable law or your consent where required. We will not share personal information with any other marketers for their own use without your express consent. This list is not meant to be exhaustive.
You understand that, for quality assurance purposes, we (including our third party service providers) may monitor and record conversations between our (including our third party service providers) respective response centers and the vehicle occupants. We (including our third party service providers) may also monitor and record any calls coming into our (including our third party service providers) response centers from any source. Therefore, for yourself, the occupants and anyone contacting us on your behalf, you: (i) consent to all such monitoring and recording and, (ii) release us, third party beneficiaries and any wireless carrier(s) from claims, liabilities and losses that may result from any such monitored and/or recorded conversations.
We may use your information for any purpose or share it with any third party if we anonymize the information so that it no longer reasonably identifies you or your vehicle. Anonymization requires altering your information so re-identification requires use of only non-public sources. Wherever possible, we require third party service provider use of the information to be anonymized or protected in accordance with our information security policies. We limit who we share your information with and the legitimate business purposes for which it can be used.
Safeguarding Your Information
We are committed to keeping your personal information secure. We have appropriate technical, administrative and physical procedures and information security policies in place to safeguard your information from loss, misuse, or alteration. We limit access to personal information to individuals who have a business need consistent with the reason the information was provided. Wherever possible, we require our third party service providers to protect your information in accordance with our information security policies.
Because certain communications and information collected from your vehicle is provided through wireless and satellite networks, we cannot promise or guarantee that the communications will not be intercepted by others. You agree that INFINITI will not be liable for any damages for any loss of privacy occurring in communication over such networks.
We may keep the information we collect until we no longer need the information to provide services to you, to operate our business, to enable us to communicate with you, for our research, evaluation of use, or troubleshooting purposes, for our analysis to improve vehicle quality or services, or to satisfy our legal or contractual obligations.
Your Choices About Collection, Use and Sharing Of Information
You have certain choices about the information we collect, use or share. You may choose not to receive marketing communications from INFINITI. To unsubscribe from marketing communications, please visit https://www.nnainfo.com/email/unsubscribeinfiniti.aspx?x or contact INFINITI through one of the various choices provided at the end of this Notice on "How to Contact INFINITI." Please note that even if you choose not to receive marketing communications from us, you still may receive communications regarding recalls and service campaigns, the status of any of the INFINITI Connection services, the INFINITI InTouch mobile app, your account, and any other service related issues and updates that will allow us to provide you with the optimal user experience.
Certain Disclosures
INFINITI may disclose any information, whether personally identifiable or not, to any person performing audit, legal, operational or other similar services for INFINITI. Whenever possible, we will require any recipient of personal information for these purposes to agree in writing to hold the information in confidence, to use the information only for the permitted purpose, and to return or destroy the information when the services are completed.
We may also disclose any data, whether personally identifiable or not, when required to do so by subpoena, court order, or warrant. Whenever feasible, INFINITI will notify you by email if such disclosure will affect you.
We may also disclose any data, whether personally identifiable or not, when we reasonably deem it necessary to protect the safety of (i) an individual, (ii) the public, or (iii) the security and reliability of INFINITI and/or this website.
Updating Your Account Information
It is your obligation to correct or update the subscription information provided when you subscribe to INFINITI Connection services or buy or lease an INFINITI vehicle when that information changes. If you do not notify us of a sale or transfer of your vehicle, we may continue to send reports or other information about the vehicle or the account to the address currently on file with us and/or new owner. In such case, we are not responsible for any privacy related damages you may suffer.
You may update this information by calling INFINITI Connection support at 1-800-662-6200 or updating online at https://owners.infinitiusa.com/iowners/ .
Children
INFINITI does not knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to participate in any services offered on our website which requires the submission of user information. If we learn that a user is under 13 and has submitted user information to us, we will delete that information promptly.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
INFINITI reserves the right to update its Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will post those changes to this page so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We will use, share, and disclose all information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information was collected. If a material change is made, we will post a notice on the Privacy Policy page of our website along with the updated Privacy Policy or, where required by law, obtain your consent. You should periodically check for notices and updates to our Privacy Policy and terms of service because your use of INFINITI websites, vehicles or services after any such updates have been made, whether or not you have reviewed the updates, constitutes your acceptance.
Related Privacy Notices
INFINITI Connection services are provided to you by SiriusXM Radio, Inc. and are governed by their own privacy notice and terms of service that should be read together with this Privacy Policy. The INFINITI InTouch mobile app also is governed by its own privacy notice that should be read together with this Privacy Policy. The INFINITI privacy notices are available at http://www.infinitiusa.com/privacy , http://www.infinitiusa.com/intouch/privacy , and http://owners.infinitiusa.com/iowners/ . The SiriusXM® privacy notice is available at http://www.siriusxm.com/ . Other third party service providers needed for delivery of the services, such as those companies that provide wireless services, and satellite radio services, also have their own privacy notices. Those privacy notices and subscriber terms and conditions are separate from this Privacy Policy. Please also refer to those privacy notices and your Subscription Agreement terms and conditions for more details and how your information is collected, used, and shared.
How To Contact Us
INFINITI Consumer Affairs
Attn: InfinitiUSA.com Privacy
P.O. Box 685003
Franklin TN 37068-5003
Monday through Friday
Saturday
NMAC (IFS) Privacy Policy
Effective date January 14, 2011
FACTS - WHAT DOES INFINITI FINANCIAL SERVICES DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
WHY? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
WHAT? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and transaction history
Account balances and payment history
Purchase history and account transactions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
HOW? All financial companies need to share customers personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons INFINITI Financial Services chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does INFINITI Financial Services share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
No
Who is providing this notice?
INFINITI Financial Services (IFS), a division of Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation (NMAC) and Nissan-INFINITI LT (NILT), for whom NMAC and IFS act as servicer.
What we do
How does INFINITI Financial Services protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does INFINITI Financial Services collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
apply for financing or apply for a lease
pay your bills or give us your contact information
pay us by check
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies
Our affiliates may include companies with a Nissan or INFINITI name. INFINITI and Nissan dealers are not affiliates.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
INFINITI Financial Services does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. Our joint marketing partners include
INFINITI retailers
Other financial institutions 
Other important information
In California, IFS does not share with INFINITI retailers or other financial institutions for joint marketing, but does share with INFINITI retailers so we can offer you incentives, discounts or bonus programs.
INFINITI Financial Services is a division of Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation.
Notice Of Privacy Policies And Practices
(Effective September 30, 2004)
This notice is for customers of: Nissan Motor Acceptance Corporation; its division INFINITI Financial Services; and Nissan-INFINITI LT and Subaru Acceptance Corporation, for whom NMAC and IFS act as Servicer. This notice is given on behalf of both the owner and the servicer, if any, of your lease or contract.
We collect nonpublic personal information about you ("Private Information") from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on credit applications or other forms;
Information about your transactions with us, our affiliates, or others; and
Information we receive from consumer reporting agencies (credit bureaus).
Except as permitted by law, we do not disclose to third parties information we obtain from you or others for evaluation of your request for credit, including information: from credit applications; from consumer credit reports; from verification of your application information; and from credit and employment references. Otherwise, we may disclose Private Information about you, as a present or former customer, to:
Companies that perform marketing services on our behalf;
Other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements, including motor vehicle retailers, except where prohibited by state law;
Companies, including motor vehicle retailers, with whom and through whom we offer you incentive, discount or bonus programs, to the extent permitted by state law;
Our affiliates, including our motor vehicle manufacturing, distribution, services and sales affiliates, except where prohibited by law; and
Non-affiliated third parties only as permitted by law.
Except as stated above, we do not share any Private Information with third parties. We restrict access to your Private Information to those employees who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to guard all Private Information.
Microsoft
To view the Microsoft Privacy Statement and Terms of Use, click here >
Copyright/Trademark Notice
The INFINITI names, vehicle model names, logos and slogans displayed on this Web site are trademarks owned by or licensed to Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. and/or its North American Subsidiaries. Use or reproduction without permission is strictly prohibited.
Third-party trademarks displayed on this Web site are used under permission. HomeLink is a registered trademark of Johnson Controls Technology Company. Birdview is a trademark of Clarion Co., Ltd. The Bluetooth word mark and logos are owned by Bluetooth SIG, Inc. The XM name, XM NavTraffic and related logos are registered trademarks of XM Satellite Radio Inc. Sirius and related marks are trademarks of Sirius Satellite Radio Inc.
©2008 Nissan North America, Inc. All rights reserved. All materials contained on this Web site, including, but not limited to, text, images, graphics, audio, and video, may not be used, reproduced, displayed, or modified without written permission from Nissan North America, Inc. You may download a copy of the materials on this Web site for your personal, non-commercial use only, provided you do not make any alterations or modifications to the materials.
Digital Millennium Copyright Act Notice
We are committed to complying with copyright and related laws, and we require all users of the website to comply with these laws. Accordingly, you may not store any material or content on, or disseminate any material or content over, the website in any manner that constitutes an infringement of third party intellectual property rights, including rights granted by copyright law. Owners of copyrighted works who believe that their rights under copyright law have been infringed may take advantage of certain provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (the “DMCA”) to report alleged infringements. You may not post, modify, distribute, or reproduce in any way any copyrighted material, trademarks, or other proprietary information belonging to others without obtaining the prior written consent of the owner of such proprietary rights. It is our policy to terminate privileges of any user who repeatedly infringes the copyright rights of others upon receipt of proper notification to us by the copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent.
If you feel that a posted message is objectionable or infringing, we encourage you to contact us immediately. Upon our receipt of a proper notice of claimed infringement under the DCMA, we will respond expeditiously to remove, or disable access to, the material claimed to be infringing and will follow the procedures specified in the DMCA to resolve the claim between the notifying party and the alleged infringer who provided the Content in issue. Our designated agent (i.e., the proper party) to whom you should address such notice is listed below.
If you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our designated agent with the following information:
an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the website; your address, telephone number, and email address;
a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright or intellectual property owner, its agent, or the law; and
a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information contained in your report is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner's behalf.
Our designated agent for notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows:
By Mail:
By E-Mail:
Subject line: DMCA
This website is intended for general descriptive and informational purposes only. It is subject to change and does not constitute an offer, representation or warranty (express or implied) by Nissan North America, Inc. Interested parties should confirm the accuracy of any information in this website as it relates to a vehicle directly with Nissan North America, Inc. before relying on it to make a purchase decision. Nissan North America, Inc. reserves the right to make changes, at anytime, without prior notice, in prices, colors, materials, equipment, specifications, and models and to discontinue models or equipment. Due to continuous product development and other pre- and post-production factors, actual vehicle, materials and specifications may vary from this brochure. Some vehicles shown with optional equipment. See the actual vehicle for complete accuracy. Availability and delivery times for particular models or equipment may vary. Specifications, options and accessories may differ in Hawaii, U.S. territories and other countries. For additional information on availability, options or accessories, see your INFINITI Retailer or contact Nissan North America, Inc. INFINITI names, logos, product names, feature names, and slogans are trademarks owned by or licensed to Nissan Motor Co. Ltd., and/or its North American subsidiaries. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners. ©2014 INFINITI
Site Information
This Web site contains information regarding INFINITI and its products and promotional programs. All illustrations, photographs and specifications on this Web site are based on the latest product information; some vehicle parts cannot be shown in certain photographs. Some vehicles shown with optional equipment. See actual vehicles for complete accuracy. INFINITI Division of Nissan North America, Inc. reserves the right to make changes at any time, without notice, in the information contained on this Web site, including but not limited to promotional programs, prices, colors, materials, equipment, specifications and models, and to discontinue models or equipment. Availability and delivery time for particular models and equipment combinations may vary. For information on availability, additional options or accessories, contact your INFINITI retailer. All specifications, options, and accessories shown on this Web site apply to the 49 continental states. Specifications, options and accessories may differ in Hawaii, U.S. territories and other countries. Always wear your seat belt, and please don’t drink and drive. ©2014 INFINITI Division of Nissan North America, Inc.
This Web site may contain hypertext links to other World Wide Web sites, which are completely independent of this site. INFINITI makes no representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or authenticity of the information contained in any such hyperlink, and any hyperlink to another person or entity shall not in any manner be construed as endorsement by INFINITI of such person’s or entity’s World Wide Web site, products or services. Your linking to any other site or Web site is at your own risk.
