We use cookies to improve your browsing experience.
And cake to boost morale on Fridays. Find out more about our cookie policy here.
Uh oh! Looks like your browser’s out of date.
×
To view certification please go here .
This Privacy Policy applies to ideo.com, ideocolab.com, ideofutures.com, openideo.com, oiengine.com, hellodesignthinking.ideou.com, ideou.com, creativedifference.ideo.com, datascopeanalytics.com, teachersguild.org and purposeproject.org (and the associated mobile application), all of which are owned and operated by IDEO (the “Site(s)”). This Privacy Policy describes how IDEO (“we” or “us”) collects, uses, shares and secures the personal information you provide in relation to the Sites only and does not represent all privacy practices conducted by us in our other businesses. It describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. The use of information collected through the Sites shall be limited to the purposes of: (i) providing the service for which a client of IDEO (“Client”) has engaged IDEO; (ii) providing a service to you and other Users of the Sites (“Users”); and/or (iii) the purpose for which you signed up to receive communications from us. If you do not want your personal information to be used as set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use these Sites.
You are welcome to contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request if you have a personal information issue and want it to be reviewed by an independent third party.
ESRB CERTIFICATION
This Privacy Policy and certification seal located on our Sites confirm that we are a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board’s Privacy Certified Program ("ESRB Privacy Certified"). To help protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. As a licensee in this privacy certification program, we are subject to audits of our Sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified. Our Sites containing the ESRB Privacy Certified seal have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection and use practices.
Table of Contents
Disclosure of your information
Security of your information
Your California Privacy Rights
Your Personal Information Rights
Contact us
Additional privacy practices for IDEO Services: IDEOU, OpenIDEO, Teacher’s Guild, OI Engine, The Purpose Project
1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
PERSONAL INFORMATION: The type of information we collect from you depends on how you use our Sites. Generally, when using our Sites, we may collect personal information in two ways: (i) you provide it to us, or (ii) it is collected automatically. You may provide personal information to us, such as your first and last name, contact information, email address, Username, physical address, and contents of your communication. You may also provide payment information to our third party payment processors. Information that could be used to identify or contact you is considered “Personal Information” under this Privacy Policy.
We may use your information, including your Personal Information, for the following purposes:
To better understand how Users access and use our Sites, both on an aggregated and individual User basis, on individual Sites and across them in order to improve our Sites and respond to User desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes;
To provide our services to you, which may include communicating with you about your use of our Sites and services, responding to your inquiries, troubleshooting problems, working with our third-party providers to process your orders and for other customer service purposes;
To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, provide personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the Sites;
For marketing, and promotional purposes, including, for example, to send you news and newsletters, promotions, or to otherwise contact you about projects, opportunities or information we think may interest you provided you have opted into receiving such communications from us; to administer surveys and questionnaires; and
To protect our own rights and interests, such as to resolve any disputes, enforce our Terms of Use, and to respond to legal requests.
We only collect the minimum amount of Personal Information about you that we consider necessary for achieving the aforementioned purposes.
If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other Users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you.
If you submit any Personal Information to us in response to a job posting (e.g. your resume), this may be shared with third parties (including external tools and services we use to manage our talent pool), depending on the nature of your inquiry. Personal Information collected in this capacity will be used solely for the purpose specified; such information is not subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
In general, IDEO will gather some technical information automatically. This information includes your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet, like your Internet service provider (“ISP”), your company or your university), browser type, referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our Site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. IDEO gathers this information using third-party services such as Google Analytics and New Relic for the purpose of monitoring website performance and determining customer service and Site needs. Please visit the privacy policies of these third parties to learn about their privacy practices and your opt-out choices.
NON-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION: Certain information that does not identify you (“Non-Identifying Information”) would only be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other Non-Identifying Information (for example, your country and gender). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Users of the Sites to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Sites, and to analyze and understand how the Sites are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product or service to you according to your preferences or restrictions, or to send you User surveys or requests for feedback. We may collect any Personal Information you provide through such surveys or calls for feedback.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES: When you visit the Sites, we and our partners may use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the Sites, track Users’ movements around the Sites, and to gather demographic information about our User base as a whole. (A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you browse our Sites. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.) Our Sites use cookies to distinguish you from other Users of our Sites. This helps us to provide you with a positive experience when you browse our Sites and also allows us to improve our Sites and services.
We use the following categories of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies: These are cookies that are required for the operation of our Sites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Sites.
Analytical/performance cookies: They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Sites when they are using them. This helps us to improve the way our Sites work, for example, by ensuring that Users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies: These are used to recognize you when you return to our Sites. This enables us to personalize our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting cookies: These cookies record your visit to our Sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our Site more relevant to your interests, but also to ensure that we are aligning our Site in the best way with our target visitors. Our third party partner may use cookies or similar technologies in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to opt out of interest-based advertising click here (or if located in the European Union click here ). Please note you will continue to receive generic ads.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our Sites or services. If you wish to restrict or block the cookies which are set by any website, including these Sites, you should do this through each individual browser setting and on each device you use to access the Internet. You can allow cookies from specific websites by making them “trusted websites” in your Internet browser. For more information on how to do this, and how to change your browser settings, you may visit: www.allaboutcookies.org .
LOG DATA: When you visit the Sites, whether through an account or as a non-registered User browsing, we automatically track certain information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Sites. We use this information to do internal research on our User’s demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand and protect you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from, which URL you go to next, access times and dates, your computer browser information, your IP address, and other statistics (“Log Data”). We use Log Data to monitor and analyze the use of the services on the Sites and for the Sites’ technical administration, to increase our Sites’ functionality and User-friendliness, and to better tailor the Sites to our Users’ needs. For example, some of the information is collected so that when you visit the Sites again, we will recognize you and provide you with information appropriate to your interests. We also use the information to verify that the visitors to our Sites met the criteria to process their requests.
DO-NOT-TRACK: Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests. You may, however, disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies); you also may opt-out of Internet-based advertising by following the instructions above in this Cookies section.
REGARDING CHILDREN AND MINORS: We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from Users under the age of 13 (“Child” or “Children”). If IDEO learns that a Child’s Personal Information has been collected, we will delete the account. If parents or guardians believe that we have unintentionally collected their Child’s Personal Information, they should contact us to request the deletion of the information at one of the below emails.
For the Teachers Guild: hello@teachersguild.org
For the Purpose Project: privacy@thepurposeproject.org
For all other IDEO sites: privacynotice@ideo.com
2. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
OTHER CORPORATE ENTITIES: We may share your information, including your Personal Information, Non-Identifying Information and Log Data, with our affiliates, subsidiaries, and branch offices in the United States and internationally, and with third parties who provide services on our behalf to help with our business activities such as providing email distribution services, customer service, or technical support. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services to us. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other Users. These entities follow privacy practices no less protective of our Users than our practices described in this Privacy Policy, to the extent allowed by applicable law. We do not share or sell your email address or contact information or any third parties’ email addresses with any third parties outside of the terms stated in this section of our Privacy Policy (“Disclosure of Your Information”).
We may share some or all of your Personal Information with another business entity should we plan to reorganize, spin out, merge with, acquire, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such an event occur, we will require that the new or combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your Personal Information. If your Personal Information will be used contrary to this Privacy Policy, you will receive prior notice as provided herein.
LEGAL REQUESTS: IDEO cooperates with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third-parties to enforce laws and intellectual property rights. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement, an applicable regulator, or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, and email address. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy, we will not otherwise disclose your Personal Information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; report suspected illegal activity; or in response to a regulator’s request for information regarding compliance with applicable law.
3. STORAGE AND TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION
Depending on the IDEO Site you are using, or where you contact us, your information is stored on the servers of our service providers, including Rackspace, Amazon Web Services, and Heroku. Please note that information we collect from you may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which we or our service providers maintain facilities. We or our service providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including Personal Information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. We encourage you to review Heroku , Amazon Web Services , and Rackspace 's terms of service agreements and privacy policies before providing information to them.
4. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use reasonable physical, procedural, technical and administrative security measures to protect your Personal Information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access and disclosure to protect your privacy. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
5. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our Users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy, please contact us at: IDEO LP, Attn: Legal Group, 150 Forest Avenue Palo Alto, CA 94301 or (650) 289-3400 or privacynotice@ideo.com
6. YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION RIGHTS
IDEO acknowledges that you have the right to access your Personal Information.
We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. In certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your Personal Information, or may need to retain your Personal Information in order to continue providing a service.
Pursuant to California’s Digital Online Eraser Law (California Senate Bill 568), Users under the age of 18 (“Minors”), and pursuant to GDPR, all EU Users, have the right to remove, or request the removal of, content or information they have posted publicly on the Site. Please be advised that any information you post to a bulletin board, message board, chat room, community, or other forum is publicly viewable. We strongly recommend that all Users avoid posting personal or sensitive information at any time.
Please note that removal of this content or information from public view does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal. After your removal request has been honored, we may retain copies of the content or information you have previously posted on our servers. We are not required to remove your posted content or information if it has been rendered anonymous or if we are required by law to retain it. Additionally, we do not have control over third parties (e.g., other Users) who may have copied or reposted this information.
Upon request IDEO will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your Personal Information by contacting us at privacynotice@ideo.com . We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe in accordance with applicable law.
IDEO collects some information under the direction of its Clients, and may not have a direct relationship with the individuals whose Personal Information it processes. If you were invited to one of our IDEO platforms directly by an IDEO Client and would no longer like to be contacted by our Client that uses our service, please contact the Client that you interact with directly. Likewise, if you were invited to one of our IDEO platforms by an IDEO Client and you would like to access, or seek to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, you should direct your query to the Client (the data controller) in the first instance, unless the data relates to information IDEO holds in its capacity as a Site owner (and therefore a data processor). This will not affect your legal rights. If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe and in accordance with applicable law. IDEO will retain this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
7. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not retroactively reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. For future changes, we will notify you of any material changes in the way we collect, use, or share your Personal Information by sending you an email at the last email address that you provided us, or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site(s) covered by this Privacy Policy, or providing other appropriate notices required under applicable law. We will also post the new Privacy Policy to the Sites, which you are advised to consult regularly for any changes. Each version of this Privacy Policy will be identified at the bottom of the page by its effective date.
8. CONTACT US
If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this Site or at IDEO LP, 150 Forest Avenue, Palo Alto, California, 94301, USA, (650) 289-3400, privacynotice@ideo.com
As aforementioned, IDEO is a licensee of the ESRB’s Privacy Certified Program. If you believe that we have not responded to your privacy-related inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB at https://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.aspx or:
ESRB Attn: Privacy Certified Program 420 Lexington Avenue, Suite 2240 New York, NY 10170 privacy@esrb.org
9. IDEO NEWSLETTERS AND COMMUNICATIONS TO YOU
Newsletters
We invite people who are interested in hearing more about IDEO’s activities on the Sites or any other IDEO affiliated sites to sign up to our newsletters in various ways. By signing up to one of our IDEO newsletters you are giving consent to receive relevant marketing emails and communications from IDEO. (“Subscription”). Your Subscription will allow IDEO to contact you regarding the Sites and any other IDEO affiliated sites and services. For example, if you sign up for the IDEO.com newsletter, you may receive information about new courses from IDEO U as IDEO’s services are all provided by one legal entity. Our Subscription lists are managed by Mailchimp (including its affiliates Mandrill and Tiny Letter) and your Subscription may be subject also to Mailchimp’s terms of use and privacy policy ( mailchimp.com/legal/ ). If you have previously signed up for an IDEO newsletter and would like to unsubscribe, you may opt-out of these communications at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email or by emailing us at privacynotice@ideo.com
Other Communication
When you create an account on IDEO U, OpenIDEO, the Teachers Guild, the Purpose Project, certain OI Engine Private Platforms (as defined below), or an IDEO Network Account, IDEO may contact you using personal details you provide regarding the Sites, with information we believe may be of interest or relevant to you but you may opt out at any time. In being a part of the IDEO Network, we are interested in your creative inputs, outputs and views, and may also contact you:
To ask if you would be interested in participating in voluntary or paid research opportunities on behalf of IDEO
To ask if you would be interested in creative and relevant job opportunities
To ask if you would be interested in connecting with other like-minded individuals on creative initiatives within the IDEO Network.
10. ADDITIONAL PRIVACY PRACTICES FOR IDEO SERVICES
IDEO Network Account Registration and Sign on
*Please note if you registered for our products before April 2018 this process may not apply to you. On March 27th, 2018, IDEO began a process of consolidating access to some of its Sites under one global secure login account process, which will give Users access to a network of IDEO services, and for those Users who participate individually or under a Client contract to more than one IDEO Site, one convenient login for the IDEO Network (an “IDEO Network Account”). If the service you want to access has been consolidated under this process you will see a general IDEO registration page when you register or login. If the Site you are accessing has not yet been integrated into the IDEO Network Account process, you will be directed straight to that individual Site.
Account Creation & Profile: To register for an IDEO Network Account, you must provide your email address, first name, last name, and you will be asked to choose a secure password. As part of this process, you will be given an “IDEO Network Profile”.
If you register for an IDEO Network Account using Facebook or Google the following information, if it has been made publicly available by you, will be stored on our servers as your login information: Facebook or Google ID, first and last name, email address, country, profile photo, geo-location, gender and date of birth. Additionally, your Facebook, or Google Profile Picture becomes part of your login Information but is not stored by us. Your use of information by Facebook or Google in this context will be set out more fully in their privacy policies and in accordance with the settings you choose using their sites.
Deletion of Your IDEO Network Account: If you wish to delete your Personal Information from the IDEO Network, please contact privacynotice@ideo.com .
OI Engine & Shape
OI Engine is the name of IDEO’s software platform (the “ OI Platform”) used to leverage the ideas, learnings and power of the crowd. Shape is the name of IDEO’s software platform for small teams and large organizations alike to collaborate on new ideas, share knowledge, and test prototypes with customers (“Shape”). The OI Platform is the underlying software which powers OpenIDEO and The Teacher’s Guild. The OI Platform and Shape are also used by our Clients’ organizations to leverage their internal or limited access communities (“Private Platforms”). While the use of your Personal Information for OpenIDEO, the Teacher’s Guild and OIEngine.com (such as to send you newsletters) is as stated in this Privacy Policy, if you are a User of the Private Platforms, the use of your Personal Information will depend on the individual consent obtained from individual Users in relation to the Private Platforms, including the terms of use, applicable challenge rules, our agreements with our Clients (who in many cases will be the employer of our Users) and the authority given from them to IDEO, and our Clients’ (and their subcontractors’) use of User information.
OpenIDEO
In addition to your IDEO Network Account, Users of OpenIDEO will have an OpenIDEO profile which can be viewed in the “My Profile” section of the Site. Once you register (either for the individual Site using the directions on the site, or via your IDEO Network Account), create My Profile, or submit a Contribution you are not anonymous to us (and may be visible to other Users depending on the activity). As only Users can submit a Contribution on the Site, if you choose to submit a Contribution prior to registering to the Site, we will require you to first (i) register with your Login Information thus creating My Profile and, if applicable, (ii) agree to any Challenge Rules or if applicable, any Alliance guidelines.
Please note that if you register for OpenIDEO using Facebook, or Google the following information, if it has been made publicly available by you, will be stored on our servers as your login information: Facebook or Google ID, first and last name, email address, country, profile photo, locale, gender and date of birth. Additionally, your Facebook, or Google Profile Picture becomes part of your login Information but is not stored by us. Your use of information by Facebook or Google in this context will be set out more fully in their privacy policies and in accordance with the settings you choose using their sites.
All Contributions will be viewable by other Users of the Site. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to register or submit a Contribution or Applause. If you choose to submit Contributions or Applause, or post messages on the Site, we will collect and store the information you provide to us. If you delete your account on the Site, your User data will be removed from the Site and your My Profile will be deleted, however your posts and comments may still be visible under the alias “Inactive User.”
It is each User’s decision as to whether they add Personal Information to their My Profile section or upload a photograph/image of themselves and opt to make these visible to other Users as part of My Profile. The image/photo/picture, first and last name, gender and date of birth from Facebook or Google (if used) can be deleted at each User’s discretion. Your Facebook or Google ID is not visible in My Profile but can appear in your My Profile URL.
My Profile will include your Design Quotient. Your “Design Quotient” (or “DQ”) is a profile of you that we derive based on your Contributions, other Users’ feedback on your Contributions, and your “Applauding” of other User Contributions (as defined in the OpenIDEO Terms of Service ) of other Users’ Contributions. Your DQ is published on the Site, accessible on each page of the Site, and visible to other Users unless you choose to make it private (an option available in My Profile).
“Chapters” are groups of individuals who choose to arrange themselves geographically to solve challenges, work more deeply on areas within a challenge, or just meet for community purposes. Chapter organizers are volunteers selected by IDEO to run certain Chapters. If you RSVP for an event organized by a Chapter through the Site, your name and photo will be added to the event registrants list unless you choose to show as an anonymous attendee in My Profile. (Event creators and Organizers will still have access to your name and email unless you choose not to attend an Event. Event creators and Organizers are prohibited from use of Personal Information for anything other than their Chapter head duties related to the event).
Challenge and Alliance Sponsor: IDEO challenges or alliances are promoted, sponsored by and championed, by sponsors (“Challenge or Alliance Sponsor”). A Challenge or Alliance Sponsor (other than IDEO) cannot store or disclose your Personal Information; this can only be done by IDEO in compliance with this Privacy Policy. IDEO may share information that you have entered in My Profile with a Challenge or Alliance Sponsor to analyze Users’ Contributions, comments and Applause for the Challenge or Alliance Sponsor’s own Challenge(s) or Alliance(s). Chapter Organizers: IDEO does not give a Chapter Organizer any authority to store or disclose your Personal Information; this can only be done by IDEO in compliance with this Privacy Policy. In addition, and as stated above, Chapter Organizers may have access to your Personal Information, but they are under strict obligations to use that information only for purposes related to their Chapter head duties.
Teachers Guild
IDEO and Riverdale Country School (“Riverdale”) own and operate www.teachersguild.org (“The Teachers Guild”).
In addition to your IDEO Network Account (if you registered through the IDEO Network Account process), Users of The Teachers Guild will have a Teacher’s Guild profile which can be viewed in the “My Profile” section of the Site. Your Login Information is held within My Profile.
If you register on the Teachers Guild using ‘Facebook Connect’ or ‘Google Connect’ then the following information, if it has been made publicly available by you, will be stored on our servers as your Login Information: – Facebook or Google ID, first and last name, email address, country, locale, gender and date of birth. Additionally, your Facebook or Google Profile Picture becomes part of your Login Information but is not stored by us. Your Facebook or Google ID will be your Username for the Teachers Guild.
In addition to your email address and Login details, you also have the option of entering additional information such as school, subject, grade level taught, number of years teaching, city, state, and social media which we would use to tailor and localize the User experience as well as tracking impact from the Collaborations (as defined in the Teachers Guild Terms of Use ).
It is each User’s decision as to whether they add personal information to My Profile or upload a photograph/image of themselves and opt to make these visible to other Users as part of My Profile. The image/photo/picture, first and last name, gender and date of birth from Facebook or Google (if used) can be deleted at each User’s discretion.
My Profile will include your Design Quotient. Your “Design Quotient” (or “DQ”) is a profile of you that we derive based on your Contributions, other Users’ feedback on your Contributions, and your Applause of other Users Contributions. Your DQ is published on the Site, accessible on each page of the Site, and visible to other Users unless you choose to make it private (an option available in My Profile).
If you wish to contribute or participate in the Site, you must (a) register with the Teacher’s Guild, and (b) become an Entrant by agreeing to the Collaboration Rules. All Contributions will be viewable by other Users of the Site. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to register or submit a Contribution or Applause.
Other Corporate Entities: We may share our data, including your Personal Information, Non-Identifying Information and Log Data, with Riverdale, and with Riverdale’s affiliates’ companies. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their Users. To the extent allowed by applicable law, these entities follow privacy practices that are no less protective of Users than the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
IDEO and Riverdale may use behavior analytics to drive site performance, including process, review, copy, report and/or distribute Analytic Quotient Information. “Analytic Quotient Information” means data generated by the Site including but not limited to:
Participation levels of Users by category (including but not limited to: organizational department; seniority; gender);
Industry sector of Site Controller; Size of Site Controller entity by number of Users of the Software, turnover or number of employees; Level and nature of collaboration between Users;
Level and format of device impact of Users (such as desktop computer, mobile device); Time spent by Users on Site; and
Behavior of Users on individual functions of the Software, and any feature of the Site; Impact of bugs or Software errors on User activity.
Where Analytic Quotient Information is disclosed to or accessed by any third party (except IDEO, Riverdale, and Riverdale subcontractors including third party providers of tools who may have access), any Personally Information will be anonymized and aggregated.
The Purpose Project
The Site located at www.thepurposeproject.org and the associated mobile application (the “App”) are collectively referred to as the “Purpose Project.”
Account Creation: If you login to the Purpose Project using Google OAuth, the following information from Google, if it has been made publicly available by you on Google, will be stored on our servers – ID, first and last names, email address, country, locale, and gender (“Purpose Project Login Information”). Additionally, your Google profile picture becomes part of your Purpose Project Login Information. Your Google ID will be your Username for the Site.
Deleting your Account: If you wish to delete your Purpose Project account, you may do so by contacting us at privacy@thepurposeproject.org or at privacynotice@ideo.com and providing us with your Username.
The Purpose Project App: When you visit the App, we collect some information automatically, such as your mobile device identifier (“Device ID”), IP address and operating system. We use the information that is automatically collected to support the internal operations of the App. Some types of internal operations include:
to understand flow through the App;
to reduce the repetition in the promotional messages that Users see on the App; and
to understand what devices and operating systems the App is used on.
Other Corporate Entities: We may share our data, including your Personal Information, Non-Identifying Information and Log Data, with Riverdale, and with Riverdale’s affiliates’ companies. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their Users. To the extent allowed by applicable law, these entities follow privacy practices that are no less protective of Users than the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
IDEO U
When you decide to join an IDEO U learning course, you will be asked to register for an account. Our IDEO U Site is administered and managed by our service provider, NovoEd.
As part of the Course Registration process, you will be asked to provide us with your email address, payment information (including your billing address) and, optionally, your phone number. Course payments are processed via a third-party payment processor of your choice: PayPal or Shopify. We encourage you to review PayPal and Shopify ’s privacy policies.
Personal information that NovoEd, collects for us during Account creation for IDEO U may include your name and email address. We strongly encourage you to review NovoEd’s terms of service agreement and privacy policy .
You may also choose to sign up through NovoEd with your social media profile (e.g., Facebook or LinkedIn). When you engage with our or NovoEd’s content on or through third-party social networking sites, plug-ins and applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile (e.g., name, email address, photo, current position) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application. Through some social networking sites’ privacy settings, you can control what data you share. For more information about how social networking sites such as LinkedIn or Facebook handle your Personal Information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
Course Providers: We may share Personal Information, Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with instructors who provide the courses on the IDEO U Site ("Course Providers"). They use this information mainly to provide, administer and improve courses and the services, to respond to your inquiries, and to analyze and conduct research on the services.
Your Employer: If you are participating in IDEO U as part of an employer-sponsored program, at the request of your employer and as part of our agreement with them, we may provide your employer information about your activities and performance in connection with IDEO U, including contributions and performance information with respect to particular IDEO U courses or services (for Creative Difference your employer will have access to the email address associated with your User account information, but not your password or other Personal Information related to your User account such as your non-public contributions on the course). IDEO shall not be responsible or liable for the use of such information by your employer, and such use shall be subject to your employer's policies (including privacy policies) applicable to you.
Creative Difference
Creative Difference is IDEO’s creativity assessment tool. The login and registration processes for your IDEO Network Account in order to gain access to Creative Difference, along with our use of your Personal Information, are as stated above in the Section on your IDEO Network Account, unless you/your organisation registered for Creative Difference prior to implementation of our IDEO Network Accounts.
Your Employer’s access to your Personal Information: If you are participating in Creative Difference as part of an employer-sponsored program, at the request of your employer, your employer will have access to the email address associated with your User account information, but not your password or other information related to your User Account (such as your contribution to the assessment). IDEO shall not be responsible or liable for the use of such information by your employer, and such use shall be subject to your employer’s policies (including privacy policies) applicable to you.
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATED AS OF APRIL 13, 2018
Jobs
Come work with us! We are always looking for great talent to join our global teams.
