Privacy Policy
The State of Alaska is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you a safe and secure online experience. By using this web site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. This statement addresses the collection, use and security of, and access to, information that may be obtained through use of the State of Alaska, Governor’s Office web site. This statement covers:
Information Collected;
Choice;
Contact Information.
Information Collected
If you visit our web site to browse, read, or download information we automatically collect and store certain information about your visit. This information does not identify you personally. The type of information collected includes:
The Internet Protocol Address and domain name used. This is the numerical address assigned to your computer as you use the Internet and the associated name (e.g. xyServiceProvider.com or your.school.edu);
The type of browser and operating system you used;
The date and time you visited the site;
The web pages or applications you accessed; and
The Internet Protocol Address of the web site from which you visited prior to coming to this site (such as www.yahoo.com), typically called the referrer address.
If you choose to identify yourself when you contact us electronically via email, online forms, or applications, we may collect personally identifiable information including, but not limited to:
Your email address;
Address; and/or
Telephone number.
 
Use of Your Personal Information
If you visit our web site to browse, read, or download information, the information is collected so that we can better maintain statistics on our web site and in turn provide you with better services and data, better ease of site navigation, and a more enjoyable web site experience overall.
If you choose to identify yourself when you contact us electronically via email, online forms, or applications we use the information you provide to respond appropriately to the situation. This may be to:
Respond directly back to you;
Address issues you identify;
Participate in a program or computer application;
Share your comments with attribution with others;
Analyze and track user comments and feedback to further improve our web site; or
Forward the information to another agency for appropriate action.
Most of your communications with the State of Alaska are considered part of the public record and may be subject to disclosure under AS 40.25.110 – 40.25.120. Personal information obtained through the State of Alaska web site is governed by AS 40.25.300 – 40.25.350. Notice is required when collecting personal information that may become part of the public record.
 
Choice
 
Our Commitment to Data Security
We take the integrity of the information and systems we maintain very seriously. We have appropriate security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that we have collected from you so you can feel comfortable and secure with online transactions.
Contact Information
State of Alaska
P.O. Box 110001
Juneau, AK 99811-0001
You may contact us by e-mail using this online contact form
You may contact us by phone on 1-907-465-3500
You may contact us by fax at 1-907-465-3532
If you do not believe the personal information concerning yourself maintained by a state agency is accurate or complete, you may file a written request with the specific state agency for the information to be changed. The request must provide the details required in AS 40.25.310.
Dispute Resolution
Applicable law will act as dictated by law.
Newsroom
Mission Statement
Our purpose is to energize Alaska’s spirit through self-determination and resource stewardship to improve the life of every Alaskan. Find out more about our  Core Values and Vision  (pdf).
3rd Floor, State Capitol
Fax: (907) 465-3532
