Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Disclaimer:  Alexa Customer Issues is an independent support service provided for third party products. The brand names, trademarks, images, products and services of third parties mentioned on this website are only for reference. Alexa Customer Issues has no affiliation with any of these third party companies unless such relationship is specified on this website. Services can be availed from manufacture/brand owner directly as well.
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy explains how Alexa Customer Issues collects, uses and discloses personal and other information Alexa Customer Issues receives in connection with the user support services we provide to user (the “Services”) in accordance with the Terms of Use. When you submit information through our website, email, chat session, provide it to our technicians or, use the Services, you(the “user”) agree to our use of this information consistent with this privacy policy.
opt-out option
if you do not  want to receive any communication email from Alexa Customer Issues, please go to to contact us page and write us that you do not want any promotions to your email or phone, please mention your email and number in the space provided so that you can opt-out easily
HOW IT WORKS
We provide user support services to consumers using web-based tools and software as well as through telephone support of our users. These tools may include software that enables us to remotely access and control a user’s computer with their permission. We require certain information and permissions from you to provide the Services.
Some information we collect may be provided by the user directly such as when requested by a form or on the phone by a technician. Other technical information might be collected or accessed by or through our diagnostic and related tools as our computers work with yours to provide the Services.
TYPES OF INFORMATION Alexa Customer Issues
PERSONAL INFORMATION:
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (“personal information”) or allows us to contact you. In order to use the Services, the user must first typically register or provide certain identifying information. For online registration, we ask you to provide contact details (such as First and Last name, E-mail address, Postal address, Personal identifier etc.). Alexa Customer Issues uses this information to contact you regarding the product and/or services you have requested. This includes re-registration/renewal notifications, special offers, and surveys on improving our Services.
PAYMENT INFORMATION:
If you register for the Services, Alexa Customer Issues may collect credit card information, and other payment information. Like many companies, we may use third party payment processing and payment gateways for transactions .
COMPUTER INFORMATION:
We may also ask for information related to your  computer/devices to provide the Service. As examples, this information may include:
information about the date of purchase of your computer/device,type of computer/device make and model of your computer/device,
software installed or peripherals attached to it and system and registry data about software installations and hardware configurations, and error tracking files.
Genrally, this information is required to provide personalized technical support to you, and to help us update our support tools and enhance our supported products lists.
REMOTE ACCESS Of YOUR COMPUTER:
While requesting support you may request for the problem to be resolved by enabling our technicians to have access to and take control of your computer. Alexa Customer Issues only uses software tools which enable you to grant control of your computer to the technician remotely over the Internet. This allows the  technician to diagnose or correct problems without even coming to the location of your computer.
Technicians of Alexa Customer Issues does not use the Remote Access software to access and control your computer without your consent and we request that you remain present when our technicians are doing so.
Alexa Customer Issues take steps to limit access to confidential or sensitive information stored on user computer or network, avoid deliberate destruction of information on user computers or networks, and help avoid system problems.
DIAGNOSING THE ISSUE:
Alexa Customer Issues uses some online diagnostic tools that may collect a wide variety of useful information about the state of a computer system and your applications. Our Technicians analyze this information to help diagnose and solve end-user problems. The here in Alexa Customer Issues make sure that the tools used for Diagnosing the problem/issue does not  collect sensitive information including information such as websites visited, e-mail messages, e-mail addresses sent to, passwords, profiles, etc.
Use of the Remote Access and Diagnostic applications may be subject to the terms and conditions of the respective software license agreements.
SECURITY
We use a variety of security technologies, as well as administrative, managerial, and physical safeguards, to help protect personal information and other data we receive from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. No data transmissions, or even the physical transfer of information, can be guaranteed to be completely secure. We cannot fully eliminate all security risks associated with personal information and technical mistakes are possible. Therefore, we do not ensure or warrant the security of any data or information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES
We reserve the right to change our privacy policy. Please check our website periodically for changes so that you are aware of our latest privacy practices. We will notify before implementing any changes pertaining to subscribed customers.
Payment Terms provided below.
PAYMENT
Services against any Plan Order will be available once you have made payment for Services according to the requirements of the corresponding Plan Order. Alexa Customer Issues has no obligation to render Services under any Service Plan if the payments as required under any Plan Order have not been made.
You understand that certain Service Plans may have fee including, but not limited to “Service Fee” and/or “Activation Fee” payable either on an annual basis (“Annual Payment Plan”) or on a monthly basis (“Recurring Payment Plan”). Subject to the applicable Term Plan, all payments under the Annual Plan shall be made upfront at time of commencement of the subscription cycle. For payments under the Recurring Payment Plan, apart from the monthly installments of the Service Fee, payable over a one (1) year payment term, You shall be charged an additional non-refundable Activation Fee at the time of registration, as specified in the Plan Order. The fee (including Activation Fee) will not be refunded in case of cancellation of the Service Plan unless otherwise stated in the Plan Order. All fee under this clause or a relevant Plan Order, is payable at the time of commencement of the Service Plan.
When you purchased the Service, you agreed to a specific price and plan, where such plan maybe for a term of one, two or three years (“Term Plan”). All terms of Service Fee and/or any other fee payable under any mode of payment for a Subscription shall be set forth in the applicable Plan Order. Similarly, some plans may offer a discount on the Service. You agree to maintain your Service and the bundled services for the applicable term.
CREDIT CARD BILLING
You may be asked to provide us with a credit card number from a card issuer that we accept in order to activate your Service. You hereby authorize Alexa Customer Issues to charge and/or place a hold on your credit card with respect to any unpaid charges for Services or any related equipment. You authorize the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that these charges are to be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay any amounts described herein without requiring a signed receipt, and you agree that these charges are to be accepted as authorization to the issuer of the credit card to pay all such amounts. You authorize Alexa Customer Issues and/or any other company who bills products or services, or acts as billing agent for Alexa Customer Issues to continue to attempt to charge and/or place holds with respect to all sums described herein, or any portion thereof, to your credit card until such amounts are paid in full. You agree to provide Alexa Customer Issues with updated credit card information upon Alexa Customer Issues request and any time the information you previously provided is no longer valid. You acknowledge and agree that Alexa Customer Issues will not have any liability whatsoever for any non-sufficient funds or other charges incurred by you as a result of such attempts to charge, and/or place holds on, your credit card. If you mistakenly provide a debit card number, instead of a credit card number, you authorize all charges described herein to be applied to such debit card unless and until you provide a credit card number. When payment is made by credit card or debit card, payment will also be subject to the terms and conditions established by the credit or debit card issuer.
REFUND POLICY
For subscription based plans, a full refund will be issued if Alexa Customer Issues has not been able to resolve even a single issue for you within the first 15 days of the subscription.
If there are one or more resolved issues, the fees for the Subscription Service will not be refundable. Notwithstanding this Alexa Customer Issues may, at its sole discretion and on a case by case basis, agree to a refund of Subscription fees after deducting charges for servicing the Customer.
For incident based plans, you will be eligible for refund when any of the following criterions are met:
You have all the prerequisites which were required to resolve the problem and Issue was not resolved till the time account was active.
The issue is out of scope for the particular plan
15 days have not passed after the issue was last worked upon by the technician.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy you may email questions or inquiries to info@alexacustomerservice.com or alexacustomerservice.com
Privacy Policy
Alexa customer Service is the best 3rd party Alexa Technical support company. We give 24*7 (365 Days) online technical support to Amazon Alexa echo users. We have no direct link to Amazon. Call: 1-800-586-9247 to get your Alexa Echo working once again for lifetime.
Contact us: info@alexacustomerservice.com
Keep in touch
