INTRODUCTION
This website (the “Site”) is owned and operated by Frontline Medical Communications, Inc. (“Frontline”, “we”, “us” or “our”), located at 7 Century Drive, Suite 302, Parsippany, NJ 07054, USA or its affiliates.  This Site is intended for use by persons in the United States only.
This privacy policy sets forth what information we collect about you through your use and interaction with this Site and emails from us that you open, how we use, maintain and disclose that information, and the choices you have with respect to your information.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, you must not use our Site. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time, and your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be your acceptance of those changes.  All changes to this privacy policy will be effective immediately upon their posting to the Site. The date this privacy policy was last modified is indicated above.  Please check the policy periodically for updates.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
In association with delivering our services, we collect both “personal information” and “usage information.”
The types of personal information collected on the Site will differ depending on whether you register with our Site or otherwise provide information to us. Some of the information and services we provide are available without registration. To access some services, registration is required.
“Personal information” is information you provide that tells us who you are, such as your name, physical address, and e-mail address. We may also append information provided to us by third parties to personal information that you provide to us. “Usage information” is information automatically collected by our web server (which may be hosted by a third-party) that your web browser makes available whenever you visit or use our Site, such as the Internet Protocol ("IP") address used to connect your computer to the Internet or your computer's browser type.
USAGE INFORMATION
Collection
Usage information is collected when you use our Site, including by filling in forms, responding to surveys, taking tests, clicking on advertisements, and the like. Examples of information we collect automatically from all users include your IP address; computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; and full Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") click stream data, including date and time, and content you viewed or searched for on the Site.
Use and Disclosure
We collect and use, and may from time to time supply third parties with, usage information, for the purposes of usage analysis, quality control, administering and improving the Site, and to provide news, informational and educational content and marketing and/or sales offers.
Usage information may be tied to a user’s personal information (such as the user’s name, address and/or specialty) that is collected from a user of the Site and/or from other sources.
Advertisements may be displayed for you on the Site based on the pages and content that you view and on information connected to your personal information, such as your profession and specialty.
Cookies
The Site also collects information through the use of automatic data collection technologies, such as "cookies" and “web beacons.” Cookies are anonymous, unique alphanumeric identifiers sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive.   Pages of our the Site and our e-mails may also contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email, and for other related website statistics.
The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being stored on your computer is specific to your computer. We use "session" cookies to collect information about your use of the Site (e.g., whether you are logged in) and to facilitate your interaction with certain portions of our Site, including viewing articles, abstracts or other records and browsing from page to page. These cookies are temporary and are deleted when you close your browser. We use "persistent" cookies to give you a more personalized browsing experience and help you navigate the Site more efficiently. The information we collect automatically includes statistical data but may also include personal information; and, we may maintain or associate statistical information with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. Among other things, this helps us to improve our Site and deliver better and more personalized service.
If you choose to disable cookies on your computer, you may be able to use certain pages on the Site but will not be able to access or use other portions of or features on the Site, and will not be able to make use of the advanced personalization features of the Site.
PERSONAL INFORMATION
Collection
We sometimes request or allow users of the Site to provide personal information. The information collected from a user is strictly voluntary and may include information such as the user's name, e-mail address, postal address, phone number, and profession.
If you do not wish to provide personal information to us, you will not be able to use certain features of the Site, including, for example, access to the full text of articles.
Use
We use the personal information that you provide for purposes such as:
Completion and support of the activity for which the information was provided, such as allowing access to or delivery of our products or services and responding to your requests or inquiries
Website and system administration, such as for the technical support of the Site and its computer system, including processing computer account information, information used in the course of securing and maintaining the Site, and verification of Site activity by the Site or its agents
Research and development to enhance, evaluate and improve the Site and our services
Tailoring or customizing content or design of the Site during a single visit to the Site and individualized personalization of the Site on repeat visits
To create a profile used to determine the habits, interests or other characteristics of users for purposes of research, analysis and reporting
Communicating with you about changes or updates to the Site and our services
Communicating with you about special offers, promotions or market research surveys
To provide marketing and/or sales offers
To provide news, informational and educational content
In any other way we describe when you provide the information, and for any other purpose in circumstances where you accept or consent to such use by your action, conduct or acknowledgment
Disclosure
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
Our employees, agents, representatives and service providers (such as our data processing, printing and fulfillment operations) and entities for whom we are acting as an agent, licensee or publisher (such as societies and our affiliated group companies) may have access to your personal information.
We also may share your personal information with entities in our affiliated group and/or with non-affiliated third parties. For example, we may share your personal information with third parties that wish to send you information (directly or indirectly) about their products and services.
We may also disclose and use personal information under the following circumstances:
in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims;
if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, violation of our policies, or as otherwise required by law;
if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of our Site, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities;
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it or for the purpose disclosed to you when you provide the information; and
in connection with any merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding
ACCESS AND CHANGES TO YOUR REGISTRATION INFORMATION AND PREFERENCES
Users may be able to access certain information that they have provided and correct any discrepancies or update information by selecting the "Update Personal Info" option. The accuracy of such information is solely the responsibility of the user. No access is given to other data that may have been collected about users.
You may opt not to receive certain electronic communications from us by using the unsubscribe option or other means provided within the communication(s) that you receive. Please note that the unsubscribe feature generally applies on a journal-specific or type-specific basis, and does not provide a means to opt out of receiving all communications from us. We reserve the right to continue communicating with you regarding other topics and for other purposes, such as to notify you of changes or updates to the Site.
RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We retain the personal information we collect from you for as long as we believe the information is relevant to our business.  We regularly purge records that we consider no longer to be useful.
THIRD-PARTIES
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on our Site are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers.  These third party materials are not under our control. Third-party advertisers may use cookie and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads or may otherwise collect personal information from you when you leave this Site. We are not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials offered from such advertisers. Transactions that occur between you and the third party are strictly between you and the third party and are not our responsibility. You should review the privacy policy of any third-party advertiser, as their policies may differ from ours.
If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by emailing mfritz@mdedge.com .
If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt-out by emailing mfritz@mdedge.com .
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) on its web site http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN
We may use third-party analytics services, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate your use of the Site, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information related to the Site. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google sets cookies and may also read preexisting cookies to collect data from your web browser, such as the domain from which you access the Internet, the web address of the website from which you linked to our Site, the time and date of your visit the web pages that you view and click through and your IP address.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf.  We will not upload any data that allows Google to personally identify an individual (such as certain names, Social Security Numbers, email addresses, or any similar data), or data that permanently identifies a particular device (such as a unique device identifier if such an identifier cannot be reset).  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may find additional information on how Google Analytics collects and processes data by visiting “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, which can be found at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners .  Google may also use this data in accordance with their Privacy Policy, which can be found at http://www.google.com/privacy.html . For more detailed information on how Google uses your data through our website, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ .
By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  You may opt-out of our use of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page and installing the Google Analytics browser add-on, currently available from Google at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
PRIVACY OF CHILDREN
The Site is a general audience website but is not intended for use by children under thirteen. We do not intentionally collect personal information from users of this Site who are under the age of thirteen and children under that age must not use this Site or provide information to us.  If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under thirteen, please contact us at:  [CONTACT]
CHAT ROOMS, BLOGS, NEWSGROUPS, NOTICE BOARDS, ONLINE FORUMS, DIRECTORIES, ETC.
If at any time this Site offers any chat rooms, blogs, newsgroups, notice boards, online forums, directories, etc. we may collect the information that you disclose. Such information will be used, disclosed and maintained in accordance with this privacy policy. Please note that we cannot be responsible for other parties' use of the information that you make available to such third parties through any chat room, blogs, notice board, newsgroup, online forum, directories, etc. on this Site. Please be careful about what information you disclose in this way.
SECURITY
Information transmitted on the Internet and/or stored on systems attached to the Internet is not 100% secure. As a result, we do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that your personal information will be protected against unauthorized access, loss, use, misuse, or alterations, and do not accept any liability for the security of such information submitted to us nor for your or third parties' use or misuse of such information.
ABOUT THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This is the current privacy policy of the Site. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time. Any changes to this policy will be posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after we post a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of any revised Privacy Policy, do not access or use our Site and do not provide any information to us.
This privacy policy applies to the information you provide while visiting this Site and responding to emails we send to you. This privacy policy does not apply to information we collect offline or through any other means, including on any other website we or any third party operates, and including information you furnish via telephone or postal mail, or information furnished by third parties.
Please note that we do not offer goods or services in the European Union.  We do not intentionally direct our activities to consumers in the European Union or to behavior that takes place within the European Union.
This Site may contain links to other websites that we do not control. Other websites to which you link may contain privacy policies and other terms of use that are different from this privacy policy and our terms of use. We encourage you to check the privacy policy and terms of use of each website you visit before submitting any information to them.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to mfritz@mdedge.com or write us at: Frontline Medical Communications, Inc., 7 Century Drive, Suite 302, Parsippany, NJ 07054, Attention: Mike Fritz.
QUESTIONS & COMMENTS
If you have any questions or comments regarding this privacy policy, please click here .
We noticed you have an ad blocker enabled. Please whitelist us so we can continue to provide free content.
MDedge: Your Source for Clinical Advantage
Copyright   © 2018  Frontline Medical Communications Inc. , Parsippany, NJ, USA. All rights reserved. Unauthorized use prohibited.The information provided is for educational purposes only. Use of this Web site is subject to the medical disclaimer and privacy policy .
