Recommended products based on your search
Recommended products based on your search
TEST -> EDIT PROFILE
MyAccount_Logout_Button text - Log out
Cookies help us deliver a better experience. By using this site, you agree to our use of cookies.
Learn more.
Got it
Search
Find your location
You might need to accept that the browser uses your current location
Authorized dealers
Has service
Crown dealers
Automower® dealers
Reset filters
You can find dealers by performing a search above or zooming in on the map.
Contact
Contact Us
Husqvarna is dedicated to serving our customers to the best of our ability.
If you are inquiring about an issue with your Husqvarna product, please have your model number, serial number and purchase date ready when speaking to a customer service representative.
Phone
Your wish list is empty.
Keep browsing the site to add products and accessories.
Share wishlist
Ready to perform even smarter
Consumers who purchase two-stroke gasoline powered Husqvarna branded handheld products for non-income producing personal use or household purposes, excluding commercial, agricultural, retail, industrial and rental usage types, can extend their product warranty from the standard 2 years to either a 3 year or 4 year limited warranty.
Recommended products based on your search
Recommended products based on your search
×
Privacy policy
Privacy policy
Husqvarna appreciates your interest in the company and its products. We strongly encourage you to carefully read this Privacy Policy before using this website and any sub-sites thereof (together the "Site"). This Privacy Policy specifies what kind of information Husqvarna AB (publ)/GARDENA GmbH or its group companies, subsidiaries or branch offices (together HUSQVARNA) or third parties on behalf of HUSQVARNA gathers from this Siteand what measures are taken to protect your personal information. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, you may not use the Site. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
General
Please note that in order to take part in some of our functions and activities and to get access to some of our products or services, it will be necessary for you to provide information that identifies you such as your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number and social security number (“Personal Data”) on certain areas of the Site. Therefore, you must fully understand and unambiguously consent to collection, use, and transfer of such Personal Data on the terms and conditions outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Collection and use of Personal Data and other user information
The information you submit to HUSQVARNA is protected by data protection laws. Personal Data is recorded and managed by HUSQVARNA and used in order to assist the use of our products and/or online services. If you give us further Personal Data in order to receive information in return from us – for instance brochures, catalogues – we collect and store that information. That information enables us to fulfil your information request. The information will be stored in a reasonably secure and protected environment for as long as HUSQVARNA believes it will improve the communication with you. If you wish to remove some or all of your details from our register, please contact the Husqvarna [country] at [e-mail address] or our postal address at [postal address].
HUSQVARNA might request additional non-mandatory information from you in order to improve its knowledge of its customers or to conduct direct marketing or invite you to contests. You are free to respond to any such requests for additional information.
HUSQVARNA also collects non-personal information about the usage of our Site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis and is only used for internal purposes in order to help us improve your online experience and facilitate your visit to the Site. HUSQVARNA may connect this information to user Personal Data to determine which users access what materials, which allows us to improve the Site.
HUSQVARNA does not knowingly gather any Personal Data from children under the age of 18 and does not aim its website at such persons. We advise parents and custodians to take an active interest in children’s activities and interests online.
Transfer of Personal Data
HUSQVARNA will not transfer (other than for routing purpose) the Personal Data you provide on the Site to any third party, except (a) with your consent; (b) as may be required by law or court order; (c) to protect and defend the rights or property of HUSQVARNA; (d) to protect the personal safety of users of the Site; (e) to persons or companies with whom HUSQVARNA has contracts to carry out the internal operations of the Site or our business; or (f) we reasonably believe that they are subject to law, binding scheme or contract which upholds principles for fair handling and adequate level of protection of Personal Data. HUSQVARNA reserves the right to contact the appropriate authority at the company’s discretion if it notices activities that may be illegal or violate HUSQVARNA’s terms of use.
Cookies
The Site may use a technology called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files containing information that are saved on your computer by the webpage that you are visiting. They are used to help provide additional functionality to the Site and to help us analyze Site usage. There are two kinds of cookies: One kind is used for "remembering" information such as your username and password and is stored on your computer for as long as you decide to not "log out" of this subscription service. If you don't use the function "Don't ask for my username and password in the future" such cookies will never be stored on your computer.
The other kind is a so called session cookie. It is used to keep track of, for example, which language you have chosen on the webpage. During the time you visit a site, such cookies are saved temporarily in the memory of your computer. A session cookie is not stored for a long time on your computer and usually disappears when you close your web browser. By using such cookies, HUSQVARNA hopes to better target relevant information to our visitors.
If you do not wish to accept HUSQVARNA's use of cookies, most browsers allow you to configure your browser to reject cookies by modifying your browser settings. However, this might limit functionality and your benefit of the Site.
Quality
HUSQVARNA undertakes to take reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect from you are accurate, complete and up to date. However, you are under the obligation to provide only Personal Data, which are accurate, complete and up to date at the time of the collection. Should you later on establish that Personal Data held by us are not accurate, complete and up to date, we will upon your written notice take reasonable steps to correct the Personal Data. You also have the right to obtain information about which Personal Data HUSQVARNA has collected from you. If you wish to obtain such information, please send us a signed request by post.
Security
While HUSQVARNA cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur, rest assured that HUSQVARNA takes great care in maintaining the security of your Personal Data and in preventing unauthorized access to it through the use of reasonably appropriate technology and internal procedures.
Other websites
The Site may contain links to third party websites. HUSQVARNA does not exercise control and is not responsible for the contents or privacy practices of third party websites that may be linked from the Site. Such websites may place their own cookies on your computer and/or have different ways of collecting and handling personal information. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with the privacy practices of such third party websites before using them.
Changes
HUSQVARNA reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of this Privacy Policy in whole or in part, at any time and without giving prior notice. Changes in this Privacy Policy will be effective when posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any change to this Privacy Policy is posted will be considered acceptance of those changes.
This Privacy Policy has been updated last November 25th 2014.
Be the first to know
To receive all fresh news, update and useful info for your products
Connect with us and other Husqvarna fans. Come on - join in!
Over 6,000 views
Your wish list
