Search
Search
Search
Want to shop online? Delivery is available via our friends at Instacart.
Stores Nearby
Savings for Home See this weeks circular and save the items you want most
Savings for Business See our business circular and save on supplies for your business
Special Promotions Browse our current special promotions
Subscribe and Save
Subscribe to our newsletter for more savings for business or home
Smart & Final has been helping local businesses and community organizations since 1872
Sign up for a business resale account to get our white-glove business service. Whether you're a local business, restaurant, food cart, youth-sports league, other community organization, Smart & Final gives you with access to savings, tax-free sales for resale, receipt tracking, and a liason to assist you with your shopping needs.
Contact Us We’re here to serve you
We’re Hiring Find out about employment opportunities.
Smart Foodservice Smart Foodservice is a chain of American low-price warehouse foodservice stores located in California, Idaho, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Utah and Montana.
Smart & Final values its relationship with guests and customers and therefore makes every effort to safeguard personal information while also making product and service information available to our customers. Smart & Final collects information in several ways from different parts of its website. Some personal information is gathered when you register. The more information you volunteer (and the more accurate it is) the better Smart & Final is able to customize your experience. Once you register you are no longer anonymous to Smart & Final. In addition to registration Smart & Final may ask you for personal information at other times, including but not limited to when you enter a sweepstakes, contest or promotion sponsored by Smart & Final and/or our partners, when you purchase any products and when you report a problem with the Site or our Service. If you contact Smart & Final we keep a record of that correspondence. Smart & Final also occasionally asks users to complete surveys for purposes of improving Smart & Final's service to you.
Smart & Final also may collect IP addresses for systems administration to include them in outgoing mail message headers. Smart & Final will research our users' demographics, interests and behavior based on the information provided upon registration, during a promotion, from our server log files or from servers to better understand our users. Smart & Final may share this information from time to time with a subsidiary, affiliate, third parties providing services on our behalf, sponsors of certain promotions or a partner company.
As a rule, Smart & Final will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except with your permission to do so, or under special circumstances, such as when Smart & Final believes, in good faith, that the law requires such disclosure. In addition, Smart & Final may also disclose account information in special cases when Smart & Final has reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact and/or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the terms of service or may be causing injury to, or interference with, our rights or property. Further Smart & Final may disclose or access account information when Smart & Final believes in good faith that Smart & Final users or anyone else could be harmed by such activities, that the law requires such disclosure and/or for administrative and other purposes that Smart & Final deems necessary to maintain, service and/or improve products and services.
Smart & Final does not want to receive confidential, proprietary or trade secret information through the Site. Please note that any information, materials, suggestions, ideas or comments sent to the Site will be deemed non-confidential, and, by submitting any such information, you are granting to Smart & Final an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such materials, information, suggestion, ideas or comments for any purpose whatsoever. However, Smart & Final will not use your name in connection with any such materials, information, suggestions, idea or comments unless Smart & Final first obtains your permission or is otherwise required by law to do so.
