If you have any questions or comments regarding Anderson's website privacy policy, please contact us at asmisstaff@mgt.unm.edu .
Anderson School of Management Privacy Policy
You have entered the Anderson School of Management's website. Anderson uses this website to provide information about Anderson services and programs. This website includes specific applications which provide more services or enable us to respond to specific questions from web site visitors.
We will not collect personal information about you just because you visit this Internet site. There are applications on this web site that provide you with the opportunity to ask questions requiring a response, sign up for electronic newsletters, participate in focus groups and customer surveys, provide feedback, or apply online. Using these services is voluntary and may require that you provide additional personal information to us. Providing the requested information implies your consent for us to use this data in order to respond to your specific request.
Anderson uses Google Analytics, a third-party web measurement and customization technology as defined and organized by the federal government's Office of Management and Budget (OMB) "Guidance for Online Use of Web Measurement and Customization Technologies" (OMB M-10-22, http://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/omb/assets/memoranda_2010/m10-22.pdf).
Here's how it works: Google Analytics places a small file on your computer, commonly called a "cookie," so that it can recognize your computer if you visit any Anderson website in the future. This cookie does not collect personal identifying information. This is considered a Tier 2 service in the OMB guidance.
Google Analytics does not collect personally identifiable information through its cookie and does not combine, match, or cross-reference Anderson information with any other information. Please review the Google Analytics privacy policy for additional information.
Visitors who choose to disable this web measurement tool will still have full access to Anderson. While the details vary from browser to browsers, most modern browsers can be set up to accept, reject or request user intervention when a site asks to set a cookie.
Your Privacy Rights
Anderson is committed to protecting the privacy rights of those visiting our web site.
Statistical Information
In order to improve service on our website, we automatically collect and maintain statistical information in our sites' data logs that show network traffic flow and volume. These logs do not identify individuals who visit our website. This information is:
The name of the domain from which the visitor accesses the Internet (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account; "yourschool.edu" if you connect from an educational domain; or, "agency.gov" if you connect from a US government domain).
The Internet Protocol (IP) Address from which you access our website.
The date and time (with time zone) that you access our website.
The type of browser (and plugins like Flash) and operating system used to access our website.
The Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website.
The Anderson web pages that you visit. This helps to determine which information on our site the public finds most useful and enables us to make it easier to access.
Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP) packet data. This information is used to detect malicious activity on our website.
Session cookie ID. This helps us determine which sequences of pages users typically view. We use this information to make the site easier to use.
Other cookies used to validate voluntary customer survey results. These are of limited duration and cannot be used to identify survey participants or track their page or web site visits.
Visitor Display Color Depth (e.g., 32 bits, 24 bits, etc.) and Visitor Screen Resolution (e.g., 1024 x 768 pixels, 800 x 600 pixels, etc.). This information helps determine the colors and sizes of graphics and other design elements that work best on our site.
Number of bytes received helps determine the computer and network capacity required to make the site available to the public.
Collection and analysis of this information in the aggregate will enable us to enhance site performance, improve informational materials available on our website, and improve overall customer service.
Security
We make no attempts to identify individual users unless we suspect illegal behavior. To keep this service available and secure, we monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to add or change information, or otherwise cause damage to the website. By using this website you consent to such monitoring. Unauthorized attempts to upload information and/or change information on this website are strictly prohibited and are subject to prosecution under the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act of 1986, the National Information Infrastructure Protection Act, and Title 18 USC Sections 1001 and 1030.
If You Send Us Information On-line
Our website offers the opportunity to ask questions, request information, apply online, or to obtain other services. Use of these options is voluntary. By furnishing the requested information, you are deemed to have consented to use of your data. We will use the information you provide only for the reasons you provided it.
To enable us to respond to your requests, you may need to provide personal information. Please read the supplemental Privacy statements that appear and know that whenever we request such information, it will be used only for the purposes you provide it.
Your personal information will not be retained any longer than is necessary to provide the service. And, your personal information will not be sold or shared with any other party except as required by law.
The confidentiality of Internet transactions is not guaranteed. You must decide if you want to assume the risk that an unauthorized person may learn your email address or other information you may provide as it is transmitted.
Customer Surveys
Anderson conducts surveys by telephone, by mail and online to capture our constituents' opinions and suggestions for improving our products and services. The surveys are voluntary if you choose to participate. You and your answers remain anonymous should you elect to provide this information anonymously.
It is important to remember that an Anderson survey will never ask you for personal information like your Social Security Number, your Taxpayer Identification Number or any credit card or bank information. An Anderson survey may ask you specific questions about your name, UNM NetId, and contact information. Salary information for the annual Career Services report is also collected online should you choose to participate in this survey. If you receive a survey that requests personal information as detailed above, do not participate, it could be an attempt to steal your identity.
If you apply online for the MBA program (traditional, MACCT, and EMBA), you will be asked to submit your Social Security Number and a number of other items via postal mail that we will not request over the Internet.
Anderson surveys conducted online will provide an Anderson contact person if you wish to verify the authenticity of the survey.
Cookies
Cookies may be used for voluntary customer surveys and to track how visitors navigate through our website at an aggregated-level.
You can configure your web browser to accept or decline cookies, or to alert you when cookies are in use. You do not have to accept cookies from us, but if you choose not to, some of the functions on our site may not be available to you.
Use of Persistent Cookies [New, October 31, 2016]
Like many websites, Anderson uses "persistent cookie" technology. A persistent cookie is a small text file that this website places on your web browser so that it can gather anonymous summary demographic information, and remember your browser when it is used to visit our site again later—kind of like cookie crumbs! (Hence the name.) These cookies uniquely identify a browser on a computer, but never a person. In other words, if the same person uses Chrome and Internet Explorer, two unique browser cookies will be assigned, one for each browser, so that person will be counted as two different visitors because visits are based on browsers, not computers or persons. We use persistent cookies in two ways, both of which enhance your experience on Anderson web sites while also protecting your privacy:
To get aggregate metrics on site usage to understand how people are using the site and how we can make it better. We use web metrics services to track activity on Anderson web properties. Government agencies only ever receive traffic statistics anonymously and in the aggregate.
To gather anonymous summary demographic information about our visitors such as gender, age range, and areas of interest for adults over the age of 18. We do this by using Google Demographic and Interests reports. When you visit a website that has partnered with the Google Display Network, Google stores a number in your browser using a persistent cookie to remember your visits. This number uniquely identifies a web browser, not a specific person. Browsers may be associated with a demographic category, such as gender or age range, based on the sites that were visited. This demographic information is used to help us better understand our visitors' interests and needs to more effectively develop content to serve you.
Most Internet browsers automatically accept persistent cookies. Although using persistent cookies creates a much better experience for you, this site will also work without them. If you don't want to accept cookies, you can edit your browser's options to stop accepting persistent cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Here's how you can disable cookies and/or Google Demographic and Interests reports.
Links to Other Sites
This website provides access to other websites outside our control. When you link to these websites, you leave our website and your communications no longer are protected by our privacy policy. Anderson is not responsible for the privacy practices nor the content of non-Anderson websites. We recommend that you review the privacy policy or terms and conditions of those sites to fully understand what information is collected and how it is used. Anderson provides links to other websites as a service but does not endorse non-Anderson websites or validate their content.
Privacy Policy borrowed in large part from IRS and https://www.usa.gov/policies .
© The University of New Mexico
Albuquerque, NM 87131, (505) 277-0111
New Mexico's Flagship University
(505) 277-2525
Mailing Address
Albuquerque, NM 87131-0001
