Privacy Policy
Thanks for using DojoMojo. This policy explains the what, how, and why of the information we collect when you use our Services. It also explains the specific ways we use and disclose that information. We take your privacy extremely seriously, and we never sell or disclose lists or email addresses.
THE BASICS
Definitions
We’ll start by getting a few definitions out of the way that should help you understand this policy. When we say “we,” “us,” and “our,” we’re referring to Innovation Brands Corp. d/b/a DojoMojo, a Delaware corporation. We provide an online platform that you may use to plan, create and manage sweepstakes campaigns (the “Services” or “DojoMojo”). When we say “You”, “Your” or “Member,” we’re referring to the person or entity that’s registered with us to use the Services. A “Subscriber” is any person you contact through your email service provider in connection with the Services. An “Acquisition List” is a list of email addresses collected through Subscriber opt-in to a sweepstakes campaign sent through our Website, and all information submitted by the Subscriber in relation to those email addresses.
We offer the Services on our websites www.DojoMojo.ninja , (the “Website”). While providing the Services, we may collect information about a Member or Subscriber.
"Non-Personal Information" is information that is in no way personally identifiable and that is obtained automatically through Your simple use of the Website with a web browser or the Service.
"Personally Identifiable Information" is non-public information that is personally identifiable and obtained in connection with providing a product or service to You. It may include information such as name and address or email address.
We may combine Non-Personal Information about you with information provided by other Members or third parties to create ”Aggregate Information”. Aggregate information does not contain any information that could be used to identify you and does not include your personal contact information.
Changes
If there are any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll post them on the Website or send them to the last email address you gave us. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Service after such changes have been first posted.
Scope
This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to any data that we’ve collected, or collect, about and/or from you, according to our Terms of Use .
Questions & Concerns
If you have any questions or comments, or if you want to update, delete, or change any Non-Personal Information or Personally Identifiable Information we hold, or you have a concern about the way in which we have handled any privacy matter please use our contact form to get in touch. You may also contact us by postal mail or email at:
DojoMojo
New York, NY 10012
Information You Provide to Us:
When you use the Services, consult with our customer service team, send us an email, post on our blog, or communicate with us in any way, you’re giving us information that we collect. That information may include your and your Subscribers’ IP address, name, physical address, email address, phone number, credit card information, operating system, as well as details like gender, occupation, location, birth date, purchase history, and other demographic information. By giving us this information, you consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to the United States and stored by us, as described in our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy.
User Content:
Some features of the Service allow you to provide User Content (as defined in the Terms of Use ) to the Service, such as written comments. All content submitted by you to the Service may be retained by us indefinitely, even after you terminate your account. We may continue to disclose such content to third parties in a manner that does not reveal Personal Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
List and Email Information:
When a Subscriber joins the Acquisition List, we have and may access the data on that list.
Information from your Use of the Service:
We may get information about how and when you use the Services, store it in log files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. This information may include, for example, your IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions you’ve taken within the application.
Cookies and Tracking:
When Members use DojoMojo, we may store “cookies,” “tags,” or “scripts,” which are strings of code, on your computer. When Subscribers opt-in to a campaign, they will be directed to a sweepstakes entry page, hosted on the Website. We may store cookies on their computer also. We and our analytics Service Providers (like Google) use those cookies to collect information about visits to and use of our Website or Services. Anyone can turn off cookies that have been placed on their computer by following the instructions on their browser, but if cookies are blocked, it may be more difficult (and maybe even impossible) to use some aspects of the Services.
Information from Other Sources:
We may get more information about you or Subscribers, like name, age, and use of social media websites, by searching the internet or querying third parties (we’ll refer to that information as Supplemental Information). We may use that Supplemental Information to develop features in the future, to improve our Services.
Use and Disclosure of Member Personally Identifiable Information
We may use and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information only as follows:
To promote use of our Services. For example, if you leave your Personally Identifiable Information when you visit our Website and don’t sign up for any of the Services, we may send you an email asking if you want to sign up. And if you use any of our Services and we think you might benefit from using another Service we offer, we may send you an email about it. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email we send.
To send you informational and promotional content that you may choose (or “opt in”) to receive. You can stop receiving our promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in every email.
To bill and collect money owed to us. This includes sending you emails, invoices, receipts, notices of delinquency, and alerting you if we need a different credit card number. We use third parties for secure credit card transaction processing, and we send billing information to those third parties to process your orders and credit card payments. To learn more about the steps we take to safeguard that data, see Section 12 below.
To send you System Alert Messages. For example, we may let you know about temporary or permanent changes to our Services, like planned outages, new features, version updates, releases, abuse warnings, and changes to our Privacy Policy.
To communicate with you about your account and provide customer support.
To enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law. This may include developing tools and algorithms that help us prevent violations.
To protect the rights and safety of our Members and third parties, as well as our own.
To meet legal requirements like complying with court orders, valid discovery requests, valid subpoenas, and other appropriate legal mechanisms.
To provide information to representatives and advisors, like attorneys and accountants, to help us comply with legal, accounting, or security requirements.
To prosecute and defend a court, arbitration, or similar legal proceeding.
To service providers, contractors and agents to provide, support, and improve the Services we offer. This includes without limitation aggregating information from your use of the Services and sharing such Aggregated Information with third parties.
To provide suggestions to you. This includes adding features that compare Members’ email campaigns, or using data to suggest other publishers your Subscribers may be interested in.
To transfer your information in the case of a sale, merger, consolidation, liquidation, reorganization, or acquisition. In that event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy, including your rights to access and choice. We’ll notify you of the change either by sending you an email or posting a notice on our Website.
Non-Personal Information and Personally Identifiable Information Collected in Acquisition Lists.
All Subscribers who opt-into a campaign on our Website willingly and knowingly provide both Non-Personal Information and Personally Identifiable Information They form part of an Acquisition List.
Acquisition Lists are stored on a secure DojoMojo server. We don’t, under any circumstances, sell any Acquisition List. The information on the Acquisition Lists will be shared only with the Members on that sweepstakes campaign. We will not contact a Subscriber on an Acquisition List directly. If one of your Subscribers complains or contacts us, we might then contact that person. Only authorized employees have access to view Acquisition Lists. You may export (download) your Acquisition List from DojoMojo at the end of the sweepstakes campaign.
As part of our Services, we may use and incorporate into features Non-Personal Information you’ve provided or we’ve collected about Subscribers as Aggregate Information. We may share this Aggregate Information with third parties in line with the approved uses in Section 6.
We’ll retain information on Acquisition Lists for as long as needed to provide Services to our Members or to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our agreements.
Public Information and Third Parties
Blog.
We have a public blog on our Website. Any information you include in a comment on our blog may be read, collected, and used by anyone. If your Personally Identifiable Information appears on our blogs and you want it removed, contact us here. If we’re unable to remove your information, we’ll let you know why.
Social Media Platforms and Widgets.
Our Website may include social media features, like the Facebook Like button. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on our site, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. We also maintain presences on social media platforms like Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. Any information, communications, or materials you submit to us via a social media platform is done at your own risk without any expectation of privacy. We cannot control the actions of other users of these platforms or the actions of the platforms themselves. Your interactions with those features and platforms are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
Links to Third-Party Sites.
Our Website includes links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personally Identifiable Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to read carefully the privacy policy of any Website you visit.
Content of Messages on the Website
As you use the Services, you may communicate with other Members on the Website. All communication on the Platform can be read by us. Sometimes, we review the content of our Member’s messages to make sure they comply with our Terms of Use . To improve that process, we have software that helps us find messages that may violate our Terms. Our employees or independent contractors may review those campaigns.
SECURITY
Notice of Breach of Security
Nobody is safe from hackers. If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you or your Subscribers, then DojoMojo will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
Safeguarding Your Information
Our credit card processing vendor uses security measures to protect your information both during the transaction and after it’s complete. Our vendor is certified as compliant with card association security initiatives, like the Visa Cardholder Information Security and Compliance (CISP), MasterCard® (SDP), and Discovery Information Security and Compliance (DISC). We also perform annual SOC II audits. If you have any questions about the security of your Non-Personal Information or Personally Identifiable Information, you may contact us at privacy@dojomojo.ninja .
DojoMojo accounts require a username and password to log in. You must keep your username and password secure, and never disclose it to a third party. Account passwords are encrypted, which means we can’t see your passwords. We can’t resend forgotten passwords either. We’ll only reset them.
COMPLIANCE
We Operate in the United States
Our servers and offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy, including offering a data processing agreement. By using our Websites, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
California Privacy Rights
Thanks to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have a right to request, and be provided with certain information about the types of Personally Identifiable Information that companies that they have an established business relationship with, have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. According to this law, companies must inform consumers about the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. If you are a Californian resident, and would like to request a copy of the information disclosure provided by us, in line with Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via email at privacy@dojomojo.ninja , we’d be happy to help you.
Accuracy of Data, Transparency, and Choice
We do our best to keep your data accurate and up to date, to the extent that you provide us with the information we need to do that. If your data changes (like a new email address), then you’re responsible for notifying us of those changes.
We’ll retain your information for as long as your account is active or as long as needed to provide you services. We may also retain and use your information in order to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent abuse, and enforce our Agreements.
We’ll give an individual, either you or a Subscriber, access to any Personally Identifiable Information we hold about them within 30 days of any request for that information. Individuals may request this information from us by contacting us here. Unless it’s prohibited by law, we’ll remove any Personally Identifiable Information about an individual, be it you or a Subscriber, from our servers at their request. There is no charge for an individual to access or update his or her Personally Identifiable Information.
Do Not Track Disclosure
“Do Not Track” is a standard that’s currently under development. Because it’s not yet finalized, DojoMojo adheres to the standards in this policy and does not monitor or follow any Do Not Track browser requests. That said, some of our features may.
Exemptions to this Privacy policy:
Our Privacy Policy does not apply to any information You may send to us by email or instant messaging programs (i.e. AOL, Yahoo, etc.), as email and instant messages are not recognized as secure communication forms. As such, We request that You do not send any information, which You consider private, to us by email or instant message. Furthermore, Our Privacy Policy does not apply to any information You post from our Website to other websites (i.e. Twitter, Facebook, etc.), due to the public nature of such postings.
Enforcement
We regularly review our compliance with this Privacy Policy. If we receive a written complaint, we’ll respond to the person who made it. You may contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@dojomojo.ninja or by postal mail at our address listed above. We work to resolve any complaints that we can’t resolve with our Members directly.
