We use cookies to ensure you have the best experience. More info.
Hero Towers Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy together with our Terms of Use sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By visiting www.usehero.com (the “Website”), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy as well as consenting to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Legislation and, including GDPR, (EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679), (“Data Protection Legislation”), and in respect to visitors to the Website, the data controller is Hero Tower Limited a registered company with number 09750325 and with a registered address at 590 Greens Lane, Palmers Green, London, N13 5RY.
Information we collect from you
We will collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. This is information about you that you give us by filling in any details on the Website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.
Information we collect about you. Regarding each of your visits to our Website we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information which may include: the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; browser type and version; time zone setting; browser plug-in types and versions and the operating system and platform.
information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any name, email address or phone number used to contact us.
Name and email address with regards to being able to contact you either with respect to answering a query or for more general reasons concerned with informing you about our services and general marketing information.
The legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our Website and enabling you to communicate with us and us to communicate with you
Cookies
Our Website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our Website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our Website and allows us to improve our Website. A cookie will be stored on your computer. Generally, cookies work by assigning to your computer a unique number that has no meaning outside of the Website. The cookies do not contain any personal information and we use them to only to personalize and improve your experience.
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
for internal use and to administer the Website and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to communicate with you including to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
to contact you in relation to various marketing and sales opportunities, (although on when you consent to this).
The legal basis for contacting you with respect to providing you with information about our services, general marketing information and sales opportunities shall be legitimate interest.
Disclosure of your information
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Selected third parties including:
business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of the Website;
credit reference agencies for assessing your credit score where this is a condition of us entering a contract with you.
The legal basis for contacting you with respect to providing you with information about our services, general marketing information and sales opportunities shall be legitimate interest.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
If we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data to comply with any legal obligation, or to enforce or apply our Terms of Use.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you will generally be transferred to, and stored at, a destination inside the European Economic Area ("EEA") however, may also be processed by our staff working in the US. We can confirm that we have the appropriate safeguards in place to ensure the safe transfer and storage between countries. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our Website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.
Retaining and deleting your personal data
Your personal data shall not be kept for longer than is necessary although it is not possible for us to always specify in advance how long this may be for.
Notwithstanding the above, we may retain your personal data if it is necessary for our compliance with certain legal obligations.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at hello@usehero.com
The other rights you have under Data Protection Legislation includes: (a) the right of access; (b) the right to rectification; (c) the right to erasure; (d) the right to erasure; (e) the right to restrict processing; (f) the right to data portability; (g) the right to complain to a relevant authority; and (h) the right to withdraw consent.
Our Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the Website of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act..
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to hello@usehero.com
Hero, May 2018
Tel: +44 20 7993 5278
New York
Tel: +1 646-866-7986
Stay in touch.
YOUR EMAIL
