Privacy Policy
Thank you for visiting the Employees’ Retirement System, State of Hawaii’s web site. By visiting and using this web site, the subpages, and the content, you are showing that you agree to our Terms of Access and Use.
Introduction
This web page informs users of the privacy policy of this website (i.e., all pages starting with www.state.hi.us, www.hawaii.gov, www.ehawaiigov.org, or www.ehawaiigov.com.), and the collection and use of “personally indentifiable information,” that is, any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (such as your name, address, phone number).
The Collection of Information
If you browse through this web site to read, print, or download information, navigational information will be collected, such as the following:
The name of the domain from which you accessed the web site;
The date and time any web page on this site was accessed; and
The web site address (also called the URL) of the “hyperlink” you clicked on to access a web page on this site.
This information is used to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of the web site, and to help us make the web site more useful to visitors. Generally, except as may be noted on a particular web page, this web site does not employ “Cookies.” For site security purposes and to ensure that our Internet services remain available to all users, we monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise cause damage or conduct criminal activity. In connection with authorized law enforcement investigations and pursuant to required legal process, navigational information may be used to assist in obtaining personally identifiable information.
Use and Maintenance of Personally Identifiable Information
If you request services, government agencies may request personally identifiable information from you in order to respond to your request. Any personally identifiable information voluntarily provided by you will be used for the purpose of which the information was provided and may be shared with staff and other state agencies in order to process your request, to respond to your e-mail, or to otherwise ensure a proper response to your request. Each agency will make reasonable efforts to maintain personally identifiable information which is accurate, complete, timely, and relevant as reasonably necessary to assure fairness when using that information to make any determination affecting the subject individual. Your personally identifiable information will not be disclosed or used for purposes other than those specified without your consent, except as authorized by law. Please note that the fact that information provided by you is personally identifiable does not mean that it will remain private in all circumstances. Personally identifiable information maintained by the government is a “government record” as defined in Chapter 92F , Hawaii Revised Statutes, General definitions. Access, including public access, to government records is controlled primarily by Chapter 92F, Hawaii Revised Statutes. In addition, there may be other laws that require public access to personally identifiable information. For example, personally identifiable information contained in certain documents submitted to the Documents Registration Branch of the Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs is accessible to the public. Measures to guard against loss, misuse, alteration, or unauthorized access to personally identifiable information have been instituted by eHawaiiGov .
Non-State Web Sites
The State of Hawaii web site may contain hypertext links to web sites and pages containing information created and maintained by other public and private organizations. These sites may not be subject to Chapter 92F , Hawaii Revised Statutes, or other laws. If you decide to visit these linked sites, you should check the privacy statements of these sites.
Further Information
If you would like information on how to review or correct personally identifiable information you have provided, please contact the officer responsible for your records at the agency or department that collected your information. For questions about the State of Hawaii web site privacy policy and access to government records generally, visit the Office of Information Practices’ web site: www.state.hi.us/oip/.
Search for:
City Financial Tower - Map
Honolulu,  HI  96813-2980
Phone: (808) 586-1735
Fax: (808) 587-5766
