Privacy policy
We at https://jobs.cointelegraph.com/ ("We", "Website", "Cointelegraph") know that you ("user", "you") care about the ways how your personal information is used and shared, and your privacy is our priority. Please read the following to understand and learn more about our Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Privacy Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the Terms of Use.
You acknowledge that you accept this Privacy Policy ("Policy") and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the ways described below.
1. WHAT IF I DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
1.1. If you do not agree to our processing of your data in the manner outlined in the Policy, please do not submit any personal data to us, do not visit our Website and do not use our Services.
2. WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?
2.1. This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of two types of data about our users: Personal Information, Tracking Information.
2.2. "Personal Information" is an information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains.
3. PERSONAL INFORMATION
3.1. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information internally for providing our Services, and also to personalize, provide, and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain services, and to analyze how you use the Services.
3.2. We receive and store any Personal Information you knowingly provide to us. For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings at the Website, we may collect Personal Information such as your first name, last name, username, e-mail address, password, working experience, education, age, phone number, employer, job title, employer address, and third-party account credentials (for example, your log-in credentials for Facebook or other third party sites). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Website through a third party site or service (such as Twitter, Facebook, or Google), you understand that some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Website is covered by this Privacy Policy. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
3.3. In case you represent a company and you want to post a job on our Website, we may collect information about company name, company email, company industry, company logo, HR or company contact email, company website, company social media links, company description, tags to job description, job title, job description, salary type, salary amount, required skills, company location, job types (remote, full-time, part-time, freelance, contract), job category (e.g. HR, IT, Design) etc.
4. TRACKING INFORMATION
4.1. Tracking information is automatically collected about all visitors to the Website. Whenever you interact with our Website, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your IP address, geolocation data, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our Website, and the page or feature you requested. This information consists of both individual and aggregated tracking information and is automatically gathered using "cookies." A cookie is a small data file containing information, such as e.g. a user's login name, that is saved to the user's hard drive by a web server and used to track the pages visited. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features.
4.2. Third parties may use cookies or other tracking technology in connection with operation of the Website, and we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties.
5. CHILDREN
5.1. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.
6. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION?
6.1. The Personal Information and Tracking Information may be stored, processed, used and disclosed by us as follows:
6.1.1. To provide our recruitment services to you and to facilitate the recruitment process;
6.1.2. To assess data about you against vacancies which we consider as suitable for you;
6.1.3. To enable you to submit your CV, apply online for jobs or to subscribe to alerts about jobs we think may be of interest to you;
6.1.4. To allow you to participate in online training services;
6.1.5. To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so;
6.1.6. To market our recruitment services to you (permanent, temporary, contract, outplacement and recruitment process outsourcing services);
6.1.7. To enable us to develop and market other services;
6.1.8. To improve our customer service and to make our services more valuable to you (including tailoring our website and our group companies websites when you log on to enrich your personal online experience);
6.1.9. To send you details of reports, promotions, offers, networking and client events and general information about the industry sectors which we think might be of interest to you where you have consented to being contacted for such purposes;
6.1.10. To answer your questions and enquiries;
6.1.11. To regulatory or law enforcement agencies if we believe in good faith that we are required by law to disclose it in connection with the detection of crime, the collection of taxes or other duties, in order to comply with any applicable law or order of a court of competent jurisdiction, or in connection with legal proceedings;
6.1.12. To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
6.2. From time to time we may seek your consent to process, use or disclose your information for any other purpose not listed above.
7. WILL COINTELEGRAPH SHARE ANY OF THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IT RECEIVES?
7.1. Yes, we may share your Personal Information with third parties. Cointelegraph does not sell or disclose Personal Information about you described above to other people or non-affiliated companies, except to provide you with products or services. We may share your personal information under the following circumstances:
7.1.1. Information that’s been de-identified (pseudonymized). We may de-identify (pseudonymize) your Personal Information so that you are not identified as an individual, and provide that information to our partners. We may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners (or allow partners to collect that information from you), who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. However, we never disclose aggregate usage or de-identified information (pseudonymous data) to a partner (or allow a partner to collect such information) in a manner that would unequivocally identify you.
7.1.2. Affiliated Businesses: In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we are affiliated with may sell or provide products or services to you through or in connection with our services. We have no control over the policies and practices of third party websites or businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an affiliated website or business, please review all such business’ or websites’ policies.
7.1.3. Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless otherwise stated, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
7.1.4. Protection of Cointelegraph and Others: We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Cointelegraph, our employees, our users, or others.
8. WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE?
8.1. You can always opt not to disclose information to us, but keep in mind some information that may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.
8.2. We will retain your information for as long as it is needed to provide you services, or as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
8.3. Some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would unequivocally identify you.
8.4. By contacting us at jobs@cointelegraph.com you can at any time obtain the confirmation whether or not the personal data concerning you is being processed.
8.5. You have the right to access and export your information at any time by sending the request to jobs@cointelegraph.com
8.6. To the extent that our processing of your information is subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, we rely on our legitimate interests, described above, to process your data. You have a right to object to our use of your information for our own marketing purpose at any time by clicking on the special button and opting out from receiving all email. You may also object to processing by emailing us.
8.7. We take privacy concerns seriously. If you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your information, you may contact our Data Protection Office at jobs@cointelegraph.com . In your message please describe in as much detail as possible the ways in which you believe that the Website’s Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly and will reply you within 30 days.
8.8. If you want to request that we no longer use and process your information to provide you services, please contact us. We will respond to your request within 30 days.
9. ANALYTICS
9.1. To determine how many persons visit our Website and to better understand the areas of greatest interest to our visitors, we reserve the right to have relationships with web analytics companies that compile this information for us. For further information, consult the privacy policies of the web analytics company we use: Google Inc. http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html
10. WILL COINTELEGRAPH EVER CHANGE THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
10.1. We’re constantly trying to improve our Website, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the Cointelegraph website, and/or by sending you an email, and/or by some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven’t provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them.
10.2. If you use the Website after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is collected.
11. CONTACTING US
11.1. Questions or comments regarding the Privacy Policy should be directed to jobs@cointelegraph.com .
About us
Jobs by Cointelegraph helps you with finding the most skilled candidates and most rewarding careers in the blockchain industry to build an international network of blockchain professionals.
Site map
About us
Jobs by Cointelegraph helps you with finding the most skilled candidates and most rewarding careers in the blockchain industry to build an international network of blockchain professionals.
© Jobs by Cointelegraph
