Effective Date 7/2/2016
This Privacy Policy applies to the sites where it appears.
This Policy describes how we treat personal information on the websites where it is located. It also applies to mobile versions of our sites. By interacting with us, you consent to these practices.
This policy does not apply to the practices of CWC Direct LLC’s subsidiaries or other affiliates.
We collect information from and about you.
We collect contact information. For example, we might collect your name and email address if you register on our website sign up for our emails. We may also collect your phone number and shipping address.
We collect payment information. For example, we collect your credit card number and billing address if you make a purchase.
We collect demographic information. We may collect information like your birthday month and day. We may also collect your zip code.
We collect information you submit or post. For example, we collect information you submit to us to enter a promotion or when you participate in a survey. We also collect information if you contact us.
 
We collect information in different ways.
We collect information directly from you. For example, we may collect information if you register with us or enter a promotion. We also collect information if you contact us. We may also collect information from product and service reviews you post.
We collect information passively. We use tracking tools like browser and flash cookies. We may also use data tags, or web beacons to collect information from you. We collect information about users over time when you use this website. We may have third parties collect personal information this way. Learn more about these tools and how you can control them, here .
We get information about you from third parties. For example, our business partners may share information about you with us. We may receive information about you if you have a Coldwater Creek rewards credit card. Social media platforms may also give us information.
We combine information. For example, we may combine information that we have collected offline with information we collect online. Or we may combine information we get from a third party with information we already have.
We use information as disclosed and described here.
We use your information to respond to your requests or questions. For example, we might contact you about your questions. Or we may use your information to notify you if you are a promotion winner. We may also use your information to process rewards information if you have a Coldwater Creek credit card.
We use your information to improve our products and services. We may use your information to make our website and products better. We might use your information to customize your experience with us.
We use your information for security purposes. We may use your information to protect our company, or our customers. We may also use your information to protect our websites.
We use your information for marketing purposes. For example, we might send you information about new products and special offers. We might also use your information to serve you ads about products and offers. We might tell you about new features or updates. These might be third party offers or products we think you might find interesting. If you enroll in our email newsletter we may send you information by email. To manage this, read the choices section below.
We use information to communicate with you about your account or our relationship. We may contact you about your account your purchases. We might also contact you about this Policy or our website Terms.
 
We may share information with third parties.
We will share information that you submit or post. For example, we may share your wish list and shipping address if you choose to or make it public. We may also display reviews you submit regarding our products or services.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with companies who help us send emails or operate our sites. We also share information with companies that help us run a promotion.
We will share information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will share information to respond to a court order or subpoena. We may also share information if you are a winner of a sweepstakes or contest as part of a winner’s list. We may share information if a government agency or investigatory body requests it. We might share information if we are investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud we think has happened during a promotion.
We may share information with a successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold or transferred we may include user information as part of that transaction.
 
You have certain choices about sharing and marketing practices.
You can opt out of receiving our marketing emails. To stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the instructions in any promotional message you get from us. Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages. These include responses to your questions.
 
These sites and children.
 
We use standard security measures.
 
We may link to other sites or have third party services on our site we don’t control.
If you click on a link to a third party site, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This policy does not apply to the privacy practices of these websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party practices.
Our site may also serve third party content that contains their own cookies or tracking technologies. To learn more, click here. We do not control the use of those technologies.
Feel free to contact us if you have more questions.
If you have any questions about this Policy, please email us at customerservice@coldwaterdirect.com
You can also write to us or call at:
Coldwater Creek
Margate, FL 33068
 
 
We may update this Policy.
From time to time we may change our privacy policies. We will notify you of any material changes to our Policy as required by law. We will also post an updated copy on our website. Please check our site periodically for updates.
© 2016 Coldwater Creek Direct.  All rights reserved.
Get special offers & news on the latest styles
Email
