Your privacy is of the utmost importance to us.
We don't sell, trade, or exchange your personal information with or to any third party vendors. That means name, contact details, address, or payment info. The only third parties we may share your information with are our payment processors (to process your payment), shipping company (to send you any physical products you order), or governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when: (1) permitted or required by law; or, (2) trying to  protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized  transactions; or, (3) investigating fraud which has already taken place. Your personal information is never provided to other companies for marketing purposes.
When you submit billing and contact information to make a purchase from Girls Chase, you send this information via an encrypted channel. You can verify this by looking for the closed lock icon or for "HTTPS" in your browser's address bar. Any information of yours we retain is kept on a robust dedicated server protected by firewall.
We may use your contact information to contact you. We will only do this for contact you opt in to receive, or if you sign up for our newsletter or make purchase with us.
We use "cookies" on Girls Chase. Cookies help us to track how users use our site, which lets us make the site better for them. They help us to track what pop over offers you've seen recently (so we don't keep blasting you with pop overs!). They also allow us to track affiliate purchases, so if you make a purchase after you found this site through someone, he gets credit and receives a commission for that. If you don't want our cookie on your device, you can disable cookies for Girls Chase through your browser. Though please note some parts of Girls Chase (such as our articles and forums) do not work properly if you turn cookies off. Please also be advised that our website has no special configuration to respond to "Do Not Track" signals and may not respond any differently to browsers with this setting enabled.
We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time without notification. Updates to this policy will be posted to this policy page.
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at privacy@girlschase.com .
This privacy policy effective as of September 8th, 2008.
Last updated January 7th, 2018.
The Classics
Recent Articles
Recent Posts Like This
New to Girls Chase?
Or just need a refresher? Take the Girl Skills Diagnostic Quiz , and I'll show you what areas to focus on with girls:
