This policy explains in detail how “Girls Chase Boards” along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “Girls Chase Boards”, “https://www.girlschase.com/boards”) use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter “your information”).
Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing “Girls Chase Boards” will create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer’s web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter “user-id”) and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter “session-id”), automatically assigned to you by the site. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within “Girls Chase Boards” and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience.
The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter “anonymous posts”), registering on “Girls Chase Boards” (hereinafter “your account”) and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter “your posts”).
Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter “your user name”), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter “your password”) and a personal, valid e-mail address (hereinafter “your e-mail”). Your information for your account at “Girls Chase Boards” is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your e-mail address required by “Girls Chase Boards” during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of “Girls Chase Boards”. In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated e-mails from the site.
Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at “Girls Chase Boards”, so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with “Girls Chase Boards” or a 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the “I forgot my password” feature provided by the site. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your e-mail, then the site will generate a new password to reclaim your account.
In order to protect the forum from spam your Email, Nickname, IP address, and the message can be sent to the servers anti-spam service CleanTalk .
© 2008 - 2017 Girls Chase Inc. All rights reserved.
