 
Our Privacy Policy comprises a number of components. Click any link below to be transferred to the appropriate section: 
PRIVACY POLICY FOR ALL COUNTRIES EXCEPT THOSE SET FORTH BELOW 
First Advantage® Privacy Vision  
 
The First Advantage® Data Privacy Principles speak to the personally identifiable information including sensitive personally identifiable information, collected, maintained, used or disseminated in connection with services offered by First Advantage®, or by its affiliates (all hereinafter "First Advantage®"). 
 
 
2.  DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION 
First Advantage® seeks to limit the distribution of personally identifiable information consistent with the nature and sensitivity of the information. In its services, First Advantage® also strives to make available personally identifiable information from sources other than public records or publicly available information only to its authorized users or customers. Similarly, where applicable, First Advantage® strives to restrict access to information in accordance with privacy laws such as the FCRA, the GLB, and the DPPA and comparable state statutes. In the case of public record information available to the general public (such as bankruptcy, liens, judgments, criminal records and Uniform Commercial Code filings) and publicly available information (such as telephone directory information or personal information available through widely available media), we may make this information available to the general public unless applicable law operates to limit our distribution of such information to authorized users. 
 
3. ACCURACY 
 
4. PROTECTION OF SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS AND DRIVER'S LICENSE NUMBERS 
 
5.  EDUCATION 
First Advantage® strives to inform its employees, users and the general public about appropriate use of First Advantage® products and services.  First Advantage® strives to inform its users and employees about: 
-    Privacy and security issues associated with First Advantage® information products and services; and 
-    The responsible use of personally identifiable information. 
First Advantage® strives to inform the public about: 
-    The responsible use of personally identifiable information; and 
 
6.  REPUTABLE SOURCES 
 
7. NOTICE 
First Advantage® strives to make its Data Privacy Principles publicly known. First Advantage® publicly posts these Data Privacy Principles. 
Security;  
Accuracy; 
Education; 
8. CHOICE 
 
9. ACCESS & CORRECTION 
 
 
11. ONLINE PRIVACY 
 
12. IDENTITY THEFT 
 
 
How We Use and Collect Information in Our Various Businesses   
A number of First Advantage® businesses are consumer reporting agencies (CRAs) operating in accordance with the requirements of the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA). FCRA establishes the following principles for all CRAs: 
Privacy: Information about you may only be furnished to third parties that have a permissible purpose. In general, these deal with credit, employment, insurance, rental or banking transactions initiated by you, or where the object is to make a firm offer to you. CRAs must qualify their customers to make certain that they have a permissible purpose to receive the information. 
Access: Consumers may receive a copy of information the CRA maintains about them. Such reports can be obtained free of charge once per year or for a reasonable fee for additional disclosures. Please visit the applicable subsidiary Web sites to obtain more information. 
Accuracy: CRAs must follow reasonable procedures to assure accuracy of the information they maintain and furnish. When you obtain a copy of your information, you have a right to dispute and have the information reinvestigated and corrected in the CRAs database. 
Fairness: Information is obtained from various sources including public records sources. However, certain information over a specified time period may not be reported. 
Accountability: The Federal Trade Commission is charged with overseeing the operations of CRAs and enforcing FCRA requirements. 
First Advantage® companies subject to FCRA operate within this framework. If you would like to obtain a report about the information we have about you, please call 800-845-6004 or go to http://www.fadv.com/ fcra.aspx .
For credit reports from the credit bureaus:  
This notice is provided to California residents. Under California law, an "investigative consumer report" is a consumer report containing information on a consumer's character, general reputation, personal characteristics, or mode of living. First Advantage® compiles investigative consumer reports about individuals and provides them to business for background screening, tenant screening, and similar purposes.   
Personal Information Disclosure: United States or Overseas – In connection with its preparation and processing of investigative consumer reports, First Advantage® may transfer personal information about you to our authorized service providers and affiliates outside the United States and its territories. Such transfer will be conducted in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.  
To obtain additional information about the privacy practices and policies of First Advantage® in connection with its preparation and processing of investigative consumer reports, please contact:  
First Advantage® Corporation 
Bret Jardine, Esq. 
For additional information about privacy or consumer reporting, visit the following Web sites:  
Federal Trade Commission: www.ftc.gov    
California Office of Privacy Protection: www.privacy.ca.gov    
All other requests, including customer and job applicant, help, support or additional information please visit our contact page or call: 
U.S. client support: 800.888.5773 
Canadian client support: 1.800.833.7511 
  
PRIVACY POLICY FOR USE OF THE FIRST ADVANTAGE® WEB SITE 
Welcome to First Advantage®'s Web site. Please carefully read our privacy policy to understand how we will treat the information you provide while visiting this Web site ("Web site"). This policy may change from time to time. Please check the policy each time you use our Web site for the most current information. This policy only applies to this First Advantage® Web site accessing through www.fadv.com; some of First Advantage®'s subsidiaries and affiliates may maintain their own privacy policies. Please refer to those Web sites for further information. This Web site is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect any information about children.   
We also apply this privacy policy in the offline context in those limited cases where we require a consumer to provide his or her Social Security Number in order for the consumer to order an information product by mail or telephone. 
 
How We Collect and Use Information on Our Web Site  
 
I. Personally-identifiable information 
 
II. Cookies 
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. This site uses first and third party cookies, however personally identifiable information is not collected through the use of cookies. Cookies allow us to store your User ID during your visit to keep track of reports you have ordered or any updates to those reports. Cookies also help us detect potential fraud or misuse of our system. 
 
III. Non-personally-identifiable information 
 
POLICY CHANGES  
 
INFORMATION USE AND CONSUMER CHOICE  
The information collected by this web site is used only for responding to your inquiries and otherwise corresponding with you, for processing transactions you request, maintaining your account (if you have one), and for the administration, review and/or the improvement the content of our web sites. We do not share, sell, rent or trade PII with third parties for their promotional purposes. 
We may contact you in response to your comments or inquiries, as part of the maintenance of your account with us (if you have one), or in order to complete a transaction that you requested. 
We may also contact you to inform you of other products or services we think may be of interest to you, but we always offer you an opportunity to opt not to receive such communications. 
 
ONWARD TRANSFER  
We may disclose information you provide to us to third parties in order to complete a transaction that you requested. If, for example, you pay for a transaction using a credit card, disclosing that information for processing purposes is necessary to complete the transaction. In other cases, it may be necessary to disclose information you provide about yourself or third parties in order to obtain the information product you requested. We may also outsource some tasks, including the operation of some website functions, which require access to information you supply online. In such cases, however, we require that the companies acting on our behalf abide by our privacy policy and institute safeguards to protect the confidentiality of your information. 
If our company or our assets are acquired by another company, that company will assume responsibility for the personal information collected by us through this Web site and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding the information collected through this Web site, as described in this privacy policy. 
 
ACCESS AND CORRECTION  
As an information company, we know the importance of accurate data. Therefore, we strive to maintain the accuracy of the information collected through this Web site. We will provide you (whether you are a consumer or a customer) with access to personally-identifiable information you provide through this Web site for as long as we maintain that information in a readily accessible format. Similarly, we permit and encourage you to correct inaccuracies in the information you submit to us through this Web site. 
If you wish to access information that you have submitted through this web site or to request the correction of any inaccurate information you have submitted through this site, please use the mechanisms provided by the site, or send an e-mail to privacy@fadv.com . 
 
SECURITY  
We take steps to protect against the loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration of personally-identifiable information collected through this web site and otherwise subject to this policy. We recognize the importance of security for all personally-identifiable information collected by our web site. Once we receive personally-identifiable information, we take steps to protect its security on our systems. In the event we request or transmit sensitive information, such as credit card information or Social Security Numbers through this web site, we use industry standard, secure socket layer (SSL) encryption. 
We limit access to personally-identifiable information to those employees who need access in order to carry out their job responsibilities. 
 
OTHER WEB SITES  
  
EUROPEAN UNION PRIVACY SHIELD PRIVACY POLICY 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Notice 
 
 
Verification of the credentials of job applicants and current employees  
Investigation into a suspicion of work-related misconduct or wrongdoing  
Investigation into matters of employee compliance with employer policies, or  
 
 
Authentication of consumer applicants for loans or other credit services 
Prevention or detection of fraud by consumer applicants for loans or other credit services 
Determination of credit worthiness or capacity of consumer applicants for loans or other credit services 
Location of absconded borrowers 
 
 
 
More information regarding the nature and scope of consumer data inquiries is available by contacting First Advantage in writing or by e-mail at the addresses listed on the  Contact Us page  or by writing to the contacts listed below.
2. Choice  
 
3. Onward Transfer (Transfers to Third Parties)  
 
 
   
4. Security  
 
5. Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation 
 
6. Access  
 
First Advantage reserves the right to engage in reasonable efforts to confirm the identity of the individual requesting EU Personal Data to ensure the information is provided only to the subject of the data.  
 
7. Recourse, Enforcement and Liability 
 
 
 
 
8. Amendments  
 
CONTACT INFORMATION  
To request information relating to your EU Personal Data, please contact:  privacy@fadv.com . 
If you have questions regarding this European Union Privacy Shield Privacy Policy, contact:   
   First Advantage® Corporation 
   100 Carillon Parkway, Suite 350
   St. Petersburg, FL 33716 
Switzerland Privacy Shield Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
1. Notice   
 
 
Verification of the credentials of job applicants and current employees  
Investigation into a suspicion of work-related misconduct or wrongdoing  
Investigation into matters of employee compliance with employer policies, or  
 
 
Authentication of consumer applicants for loans or other credit services 
Prevention or detection of fraud by consumer applicants for loans or other credit services 
Determination of credit worthiness or capacity of consumer applicants for loans or other credit services 
Location of absconded borrowers 
 
 
 
More information regarding the nature and scope of consumer data inquiries is available by contacting First Advantage in writing or by e-mail at the addresses listed on the  Contact Us page  or by writing to the contacts listed below.  
2. Choice  
 
3. Onward Transfer (Transfers to Third Parties)  
 
 
 
 
5. Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation  
 
6. Access  
 
 
 
7. Recourse, Enforcement and Liability
 
 
 
8. Amendments  
 
To request information relating to your Switzerland Personal Data, please contact:  
   First Advantage® Corporation 
   100 Carillon Parkway, Suite 350 
   St. Petersburg, FL 33716 
INTRODUCTION 
First Advantage® Australia Pty Ltd ABN 67 101 863 209 and First Advantage® New Zealand Limited [NZBN 9429034295540] ("First Advantage®", "we", "us" or "our") provides a background screening service for its clients ("Client"), to assist them in considering individuals for employment, change in the level of responsibility, other circumstances where an individual's background is relevant (including but not limited to insurance and claims review), or to determine if further verification or investigation is necessary.  This is achieved by preparing an employment, investigative, or due diligence report for the Client. 
This policy may change from time to time. Please check the policy each time you use our Web site for the most current information. 
In this Privacy Policy for Australia and New Zealand, the following definitions apply: 
Privacy Legislation means: 
-    for Australia, the Privacy Act 1988 including the Australian Privacy Principles; and 
-    for New Zealand, the Privacy Act 1993 including the Information Privacy Principles 
Personal Information has the same meaning as in the Privacy Legislation; ie: 
-    for Australia, "information or an opinion about an identified individual, or an individual who is reasonably identifiable: (a) whether the information or opinion is true or not; and (b) whether the information or opinion is recorded in a material form or not; and 
 
THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOLD 
As part of our services, we receive information about individuals for the purposes of conducting our checks. 
Personal Information that we collect and hold about an individual will vary depending upon the background checks required by the Client and the information the individual supplies to us. Personal Information about an individual that we may collect and hold includes name, age, date of birth, employment history, reference information, education, professional qualifications, residency, sanctions, immigration status, claims, judgments, insolvency, current and previous directorships, character, personal reputation, and such other checks and enquiries as the Client considers necessary to verify information provided by an individual. 
From Clients we may collect company address and the name, email and phone number of any system users. 
From Clients and individuals, we may collect credit card payment details. 
From the sources of our background checks we may collect the name and job title of the person who supplied us with the information. 
We may also collect other Personal Information which is "sensitive information". Sensitive information is given a greater level of protection under the Privacy Legislation. The Privacy Legislation imposes greater obligations on us regarding any collection, use or disclosure we make of an individual's sensitive information. 
Sensitive information about an individual that we may collect and hold includes criminal records, and membership of a professional or trade association. 
 
MAIN PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE COLLECT, HOLD, USE AND DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION 
When engaged by a Client, First Advantage® verifies an individual's information, documentation and any responses by carrying out verification checks for the purposes of preparing an employment, investigative, or due diligence report. This is done at the Client's request to enable them to assess an individual's suitability for employment, promotion, provision of services, or other purposes in accordance with their legal obligations and internal risk management policy (including but not limited to insurance and claims review). 
 
HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION 
In order to process and verify information for a Client's request, the Client and First Advantage® may collect an individual's Personal Information directly from the individual. We may also collect information about an individual from a third party a candidate refers us to. In these circumstances, we will assume that the individual has referred First Advantage® to them and informed them of the purposes involved in the collection, use and disclosure of the relevant personal or other information. 
 
HOW WE HOLD PERSONAL INFORMATION 
The Personal Information provided to us by an individual, third party references, and any other Personal Information provided by the Sources, will be processed by us. 
First Advantage® will then use the Personal Information to prepare a report outlining the findings of its investigations and provide the report to the Client via a secure means. The Client may then use that information to consider an individual's suitability for employment, change in the level of responsibility, or other circumstances where an individual's background is relevant, or to determine if further verification or investigation is necessary. If a Fit and Proper report was requested, the Client may use this to determine whether an individual meets the requirements as a Fit and Proper Person. If the report was requested for insurance purposes, it may be used by the client to determine eligibility for insurance or for claims payments. 
We store the Personal Information we receive in hard copy files and/or in electronic format in a database. 
We take steps to protect against the loss, misuse, or unauthorized alteration of Personal Information collected and subject to this policy. We recognize the importance of security for all Personal Information collected by First Advantage®. Once we receive Personal Information, we take steps to protect its security on our systems. In the event we request or transmit sensitive information, we use industry standard, secure socket layer (SSL) encryption. 
We limit access to personally-identifiable information to those employees who need this access in order to carry out their job responsibilities. 
When we dispose of personally identifiable information, we use procedures to dispose of Personal Information by means such as shredding documents and erasure of electronic media that information cannot be practicably read or reconstructed. 
 
IDENTIFIERS 
 
We may disclose Personal Information to overseas recipients. The circumstances of disclosure may be as follows: 
We may need to disclose an individual's Personal Information overseas in order to carry out our checks. For example, if an individual lived, studied or worked overseas, we may need to disclose that individual's Personal Information overseas to liaise with Sources, employers, third party references, or educational institutions. Disclosures of this kind may be to any country in the world, depending upon the circumstances of the individual. 
 
ACCESS AND CORRECTION OF INFORMATION 
An individual has a right to request access to their Personal Information which is held by us. An individual may apply for that information by contacting the Privacy Officer at the contact details set out below. We will acknowledge receipt of a request for access. Where reasonable and practicable, we will provide access to Personal Information in the form requested by an individual. A moderate fee may be charged for this information. Proof of identity may be required. 
We will handle requests for access to Personal Information in accordance with the Privacy Legislation. However, in some circumstances permitted under the Privacy Legislation we may not be required to give an individual access to the information we hold about them. 
It is also important to us that the information we hold about an individual is accurate, complete and up to date. An individual has a right to request the correction of the Personal Information that First Advantage® holds about them. The Individual may do so by lodging a correction request with the Privacy Officer at the contact details listed below. First Advantage® will handle correction requests in accordance with the Privacy Legislation. 
 
COMPLAINTS 
If you have a complaint about the way First Advantage® has dealt with your Personal Information, or you would like a copy of the Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer at: 
   The Privacy Officer 
We will acknowledge receipt of a complaint which we will then endeavour to resolve promptly. The maximum time we will take to investigate the complaint is 30 days. 
If you are not satisfied with the outcome, you may refer the matter to the Privacy Commissioner at: 
For New Zealand: 
  
Our Data Protection Officer for Canada is Bret Jardine, Esq. 
To request information or receive help with data protection issues, contact our Data Protection Officer at:  
Bret Jardine, Esq. 
Our Data Protection Officer for Singapore is Ian Burnett. 
To request information or receive help with data protection issues, contact our Data Protection Officer at:  
Ian Burnett 
GRIEVANCE OFFICER FOR INDIA 
As required under The Information Technology Act of India, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are as provided below: 
Anselm Pinto 
The Grievance Officer is designated exclusively for addressing discrepancies and grievances of data providers with respect to processing of information in a time bound manner. Please do NOT use the contact information for login issues for any portal of First Advantage®. 
STAY UP TO DATE WITH BEST PRACTICES, NEW SOLUTIONS AND SPECIAL OFFERS.
First Name is Required
SIGN UP
Thank you for signing up! You will receive an email with further instruction. Your signup did not succeed. Please try again.
Complete our sales interest form and we will contact you.
BETTERHIRES BETTERBUSINESS®
Global Reach
Now in 26 locations, with 4,000+ employees completing background checks in 200+ countries and territories.
<
>
