I Agree
By clicking 'I Agree' you consent to Blue Nile using marketing & analytics cookies as described in our Privacy Policy .
I Agree
Shipping To:
Product selection may have changed due to availability
Because of each country's product availability, the selection on this site may not be the same as the one you       were previously on.
Last updated May 23, 2018
Blue Nile (including Blue Nile, Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates) wants you to know that your privacy is important to us. Our customers are at the heart of everything we do, and we strive to ensure your experience with Blue Nile is one that you will want to repeat and share with your friends. Part of our commitment to you is to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information you provide to us. The information below is designed to inform you of what information we collect, why we collect such information, how we use the information we collect, and the choices we offer, including how to access and update information. Any reference to our “Site” includes our Blue Nile website, mobile applications and other software, and any reference to our “Services” includes our Site, customer service phone line and other shopping or product services offered by Blue Nile.
Blue Nile will occasionally update this Privacy Policy. When a revision is made we will revise the "last updated" date on this page. We may make additional features, functionality, offers, activities, or events available to you subject to additional or different privacy rules that we disclose in connection with those opportunities.
In this policy, “personal information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual who engages with our Services or otherwise becomes a customer of Blue Nile.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
Information You Provide. At various times, you may decide to provide us with your personal information. You should know that we receive and may store all personal information (whether written or oral) that you provide to us. This includes personal information provided to us through any means, including, without limitation, through our Site, via e-mail, over the telephone, and through a social media service (for example Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest). You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to purchase products or take advantage of many of our promotions, features or Services. In addition, we may collect information about your purchases, billing address, shipping address, gender, occupation, birthday, marital status, anniversary, interests, and credit card information. You may choose to provide us names or other contact information for a friend to take advantage of a referral, fiancé, or other program or to send them product information or gifts. Subject to restrictions imposed under applicable laws and unless otherwise specified when you provide us the information, the information we collect about you and your friend may be stored and used in the ways described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect Through Cookies and Other Technologies. A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer, mobile phone, or other device, and allows us or our business partners to recognise your device when you return to our Service and record information about your usage of our Services.
We use cookies for five general purposes as follows:
Essential Operational: Cookies are necessary to allow us to operate our Services. For example, they are required to help you access secure areas (such as your account pages) and to use features like our shopping basket.
Performance and Functionality: Cookies help us enhance the performance and functionality of our Services. For example, cookies help us identify you or your device when you come back to our Service so that you do not have to login to see your shopping basket.
Analytics and Customisation: We use analytics and customisation cookies, including third party cookies, to gather information on how our Services are being used by our visitors and to measure how popular our marketing campaigns are. We use the data we get to help customise our Services for you and make the content you see as relevant as possible. We also use the date we collect to help identify and prevent fraud, and to track visits from our affiliates or partners.
Targeting/advertising: Cookies help us to customise and regulate (e.g., by capping the frequency of) the advertisements you receive, provide you with tailored offers, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. For instance, if we target an ad campaign through an online advertising network, we might use cookies on our Site to estimate how many viewers of the ad later visited our Site – and therefore, how effective the ad campaign was.  Or, we might “retarget” visitors to our Site by providing them offers (whether through online display media, email or direct mail) similar to those they viewed or expressed interest in during their Site visits.
Social networking cookies: Cookies allow visitors to share our pages and content through third-party social networking websites.
You are always free to decline cookies if your browser permits; although, by declining the use of cookies you may not be able to use certain features on, and significant portions of, our Site. Also, because information we obtain may be combined, we may still be able to identify your web browser, computer or mobile device when you access our Services even if you disable cookies. Some browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” (DNT) feature that, when turned on, signals to websites and online services that you do not wish to be tracked. Because there is not yet an accepted standard for how to respond to browser DNT signals, we do not currently respond to them. For more information about the use of cookies and how to block them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org , www.youronlinechoices.eu (Europe) or www.aboutads.info/choices (United States).
We may use, or permit our business partners to use, other technologies similar to cookies for the same purposes as we use cookies, for example:
Tracking Images: We may use tracking images (such as GIFs), which are small image files that we embed into our e-mail newsletters, to learn whether you opened or forwarded the newsletter or clicked on any of the content. This information tells us about our newsletters’ effectiveness and helps us ensure that we’re delivering information that you find interesting.
Local Storage: We use local storage (such as HTML5 or Flash) for frequency capping purposes and to provide you with relevant advertising.
We may collect information about your location and your mobile device (such as operating system, device type and information and time stamp), as well as a unique identifier for your device, when you download or use our mobile application. We will also track information about how you use your App, and combine that information to any other information that we have about you (which may include information about your website usage).
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use the information we collect about you (unless otherwise restricted by law) to:
Facilitate your purchases and provide the services you request,
Confirm and track your order,
Respond to your comments, inquiries and requests,
Compare and review your information for errors, omissions and accuracy,
Prevent and detect fraud or abuse,
Facilitate your warranty or other services such as cleanings, repairs, or resizes of your products,
Offer you access to our Diamond Upgrade Program or other similar product offerings,
Provide and improve our services and product offerings, and develop new ones,
Improve marketing and promotional efforts, and overall customer experience,
Identify your product and service preferences,
Offer you personalized content, including by providing customized content and advertising, which may be on our Site, other websites, mobile devices or applications, or other channels (whether online or offline),
Understand our customer demographics, preferences, interests, and behaviour,
Administer and fulfill our contests and other promotions,
Process or respond to your application for current or future career opportunities,
Contact you regarding products and services (of Blue Nile or our partners) that we believe may be of interest to you,
Comply with applicable legal requirements and Blue Nile's policies and procedures, and
Other uses with your consent.
We may combine the information you provide to us over time and we may combine such information with information that is publicly available, collected through cookies and other technologies, and information that we receive from our partners, affiliates and other third parties.
We value your comments, feedback, testimonials, etc., which help us improve our services and products. By making such submissions to us, you assign your rights in the submissions to us as described in the "Submissions" section of our Terms and Conditions page.
INFORMATION THAT WE MAY SHARE WITH OTHERS
We may share your information, including personal information, as follows:
Blue Nile entities: We may share your personal information with our affiliated entities, e.g., any corporate subsidiaries or affiliates.
Service Providers: We may use third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, including: shipping, payment processing, billing and collections, data storage/management, webhosting, fulfilment, assembly, marketing and data enhancement, mailing, and emailing as well as various customer, tech and operational support.
Special Events: If you choose to participate in a special event (for example, a promotion, contest, or sweepstakes), Blue Nile may share your information with those organizations participating in the applicable event.
Sharing with Other Companies (for their marketing or analytics purposes): We may share your information with other companies or organizations which are not part of Blue Nile. These companies and organizations may use the information we share to provide, or help other companies provide, offers to you, to market products, services or opportunities to you, and to perform data analytics regarding your use of our Services.
Our business partners may also use cookies on our Site for the same general purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, including to improve their own marketing, products or services. Third parties may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites. Third parties we work with may also use other “device-graphing” information in order to make inferences and connections about our customers and potential customers across various devices – such as mobile phones, tablets and browsers. (These companies may, for instance, make inferences that devices seen at a common IP address are used by common users.) Companies that we share information with may use the information we provide to them, often in combination with their existing information, to provide you with more relevant advertising.
You may opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from advertising companies that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or who subscribe to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices and http://www.aboutads.info/choices .
Compliance with Law and Fraud Protection: We may disclose your information: (1) when we believe in good faith that it is necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, such as lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (2) in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding potential illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or situations involving potential violations of our Terms and Conditions or other policies; (3) to other companies and organizations for fraud protection and risk reduction; and (4) to enforce any agreement we have with you.
Business Transfer: Your information may be disclosed as part of any merger, sale of company assets or acquisition, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership (or in due diligence leading up to any acquisition), in which case information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the Company.
Aggregate Information: We may, and we may authorise third parties to, create aggregate records from personal information by excluding information that makes the information identifiable. We may use and disclose, and authorise third parties to use and disclose, aggregate non-personal information at our discretion.
CHILDREN UNDER 13
Blue Nile does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that data from our systems. Please visit the FTC's website at https://www.ftc.gov for tips on protecting children's privacy online.
LINKS
Our Site may provide links to third-party websites which are outside our control and not covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) websites.
SECURITY
We utilise a combination of physical and electronic security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. While we strive to safeguard your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us.
ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
If you have created a Blue Nile account you can review and change certain personal information relating to your Blue Nile account at any time by logging on to your account. Otherwise, to learn more, please contact us as set forth below.
MARKETING CHOICE/OPT-OUT
Where permitted by applicable law, we want to communicate with you on our marketing initiatives, but only if you want to continue to hear from us.
To opt out of receiving email promotions that we send you: (1) select "unsubscribe" on our subscription status page and enter the requested information or follow the unsubscribe instructions in any of our promotional emails; or (2) write to Legal Department at 411 First Avenue, South, Suite 700, Seattle, WA, 98104 (a "postal request"). To opt out of telephone promotions, you can tell us when we call you or you can send us a postal request. To opt out of postal mail promotions, please send us a postal request. Opting out of communication with us does not affect our communications with you via telephone or email related to your orders with us or other transactional emails.
Where required by law, we obtain your prior opt-in consent at the time of data collection for the processing of (i) personal information for marketing purposes and (ii) personal information deemed sensitive pursuant to applicable law.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
If you are a California resident and would like a copy of our notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for their direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties and affiliates that received your information in the past year, please submit a written request to the following address: Blue Nile Legal Department at 411 First Avenue, South, Suite 700, Seattle, WA, 98104; attn: California Privacy. Please allow up to 30 days for us to process your request. You may submit such a request once per year.
DATA PROTECTION FOR INDIVIDUALS BASED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA AND SWITZERLAND
If you are a customer or website visitor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, the following, additional information is relevant to you.  (Please do not rely on the below if you are not located in an EEA nation or Switzerland.):
Blue Nile, Inc., having its registered address at 411 First Avenue S., Suite 700, Seattle, Washington, 98104, United States, is the data controller of your personal information for purposes of the EU General data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). All customer orders are processed exclusively by Blue Nile, Inc.  The representative of Blue Nile, Inc. in the EEA for data protection purposes is Blue Nile Jewellery Limited, having its registered address at 70 Sir John Rogerson’s Quay, Dublin 2, D02 R296, Ireland.
We only process your personal information if you have consented to such processing or, to the extent that it is necessary (i) for the performance of your agreement with us or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into an agreement with us; (ii) to comply with our legal obligations; or (iii) for the purpose of our legitimate interests, including operating, evaluating and improving our global business. As required under the GDPR, we have carefully balanced our legitimate business interests against your data protection rights.   For companies like Blue Nile, Inc. that have global business operations, processing customer’s personal information for internal administrative purposes customer relations or direct marketing is typically also considered a legitimate interest under the GDPR.
Your personal information will be hosted in and managed from the United States, where Blue Nile, Inc. is based. The law in the United States may not offer the same level of privacy and data protection as the law in your home country. We will rely on Blue Nile’s need of your personal information for the performance of our contract with you for this transfer to the United States . When your personal information is transferred to (or accessed from) other countries outside the EEA for which the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision, we will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information remains protected. This may include data transfer agreements, a copy of which you can obtain by contacting us as indicated in the “How To Contact Us” section below.
In general we will store your personal information as long as the information is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collected it (as explained in the “Use of Your Personal Information” section). We are committed to being our customers’ jeweller for life. If you become a customer of Blue Nile, Inc., you may be eligible for many lifetime benefits, including, but not limited to: our lifetime diamond upgrade program, our lifetime product warranty, and lifetime repairs, cleaning, and resizing of jewellery. If you decide to take advantage of these benefits, we will keep your information until you (or your next of kin) ask us to remove your personal information from our records. Once your personal information has been removed from our records, it will not be possible to warranty, upgrade, clean, repair, or resize any product that you have purchased with us.
You have the right to request access to the personal information that we process about you, to have your personal information corrected or erased, to restrict the processing of your personal information, as well as the right to data portability (certain of these rights are subject to our obligation to verify your identify). To exercise these rights, you should submit a written request using the contact details set out below. If you are not satisfied with the way we handle your request, you can lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority in your home country.
Where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time, by clicking here for e-mail consent or here for cookie consent. This will not affect the lawfulness of the processing that has happened based on your consent prior to the withdrawal.
You also have the right to object, at any time, to the processing of your personal information which is based on Blue Nile, Inc.’s legitimate interests, provided that we may retain your personal information for certain compelling purposes such as legal, auditing, accounting and billing purposes. Where we process your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object at any time to such processing, including for profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to direct marketing. If you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, we will no longer process your personal information for such purposes.
HOW TO CONTACT US
If you have any questions or wish to register a complaint in relation to this Privacy Policy or the manner in which your personal information is used by us, please contact us by any of the following means:
By Telephone: (001) 206-336-6700
Legal Department.
Seattle, Washington 98104
Get Exclusive Offers and News*
*By clicking ‘sign up’ you consent to receive exclusive Blue Nile e-mail offers & news, as described in our Privacy Policy . Enter a valid email address. Processing error, please try again. Thanks, you're on the list.
*By clicking ‘sign up’ you consent to receive exclusive Blue Nile e-mail offers & news, as described in our Privacy Policy .
Connect
Comment*
Thank You
Thank you for taking the time to give us your input.
We're sorry, your entry could not go through at this time. Please try again later.
