Privacy Policy
This Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how this site collects, uses and safeguards the personal information you provide to fergusonfire.com and to
assist you in making purchases.
What Information Do We Collect and How Do We Use it?
When you visit this site you may provide Ferguson Fire & Fabrication with two types of information: personal information you actively choose to disclose (“Active Information”) through making a purchase or contacting Ferguson Fire and Fabrication, and use information collected, in a way not visible to you, on an aggregate anonymous basis as you and others browse this site (“Passive Information”).
No Use of Our Site by Persons Under 13
No person under 13 should disclose information on this site. You may learn more about protecting children’s privacy online by visiting www.ftc.gov/kidzprivacy.
Active Information You Disclose For Purchase
If you make a purchase or submit an inquiry, Ferguson Fire and Fabrication collects, your name, address, phone number, email and possibly credit card information. Ferguson Fire and Fabrication uses such information only for processing your order and to contact you via email if you indicated that you wished to receive an email notification of updates. Your credit card number is not stored on this site.
If you choose to contact us via email, snail mail or telephone, Ferguson Fire and Fabrication may retain such information also.
Passive Information Collected
Our site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” to collect information about how this site is used. Passive Information gathered may include the date and time of visits, the site pages viewed, time spent at this site, the sites visited just before and just after this site. Passive Information is collected on an aggregate basis without any association to your personal information so that you remain anonymous. If you do not wish to transmit “cookie” information about yourself, you may turn off the cookie function in your web browser; please consult the “Help” section of your browser to correctly do so.
We use Passive Information to gather information about you, the user and to enhance and design this site to make it easier, faster and friendlier to use. Additionally, cookies help Ferguson Fire and Fabrication know information about how many people visit this site, when they visit and how they use this site. We do not connect any of this information to your personal information or email address.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are a feature of a web browser (Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator, etc.) software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a site. They are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on one site to simplify subsequent interactions with that site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transaction on related web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from site to site and to complete transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.
Sharing Information with the Government or As Otherwise Required by Law
We may be required by law or government agency to disclose both Active and Passive Information you have provided to Ferguson Fire and Fabrication and will do so if required by law or subpoena, or for enforcement of or claims regarding our purchase agreement license.
How Do We Secure Active Information and Passive Information?
We secure your personal information submitted by you by using reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, or accidental loss or destruction of Active Information and Passive Information. Other communications you may have with Ferguson Fire and Fabrication via email or snail mail may not be secure unless Ferguson Fire and Fabrication advises you that security measures are in place prior to your sending information. Therefore, if you choose to communicate with Ferguson Fire and Fabrication through these means, you are assuming the risk of doing so and Ferguson Fire and Fabrication requests that you do not send or post any sensitive information through these means.
How Can You Choose Not to Receive Information from Us or to Correct, Delete or Access Your Information
If you desire not to receive information or if you wish to access, delete or correct your information, please send Ferguson Fire and Fabrication an email to webmaster@fergusonfire.com.
We reserve the right to revise this policy at our discretion. Please check back on this site as this policy may be revised from time to time without notice to you.
