The obligatory, and super interesting legal spiel
This website uses cookies to ensure you have the best browsing experience. Below, you will find full details of how these are used, alongside a full description of our privacy policy.
RECRUITMENT PRIVACY NOTICE                                                                           MAY 2018
Games Workshop is committed to protecting your privacy. This notice describes how we collect and use personal information about you when you are applying for a job with us. This notice applies to all people applying for a job with Games Workshop.
This notice also applies to personal information we collect in connection with our website at https://jobs.games-workshop.com (“Website”).
If you provide us with information on behalf of an applicant, you confirm that you have provided them with a copy of this notice, that you have informed them of our identity, the purposes for which their personal data will be processed, and that you have obtained their permission to such processing by us. This notice is addressed to applicants.
The data controller of the personal information collected from you is Games Workshop Limited of Willow Road, Nottingham, NG7 2WS, United Kingdom.
Please read this notice carefully to understand how and why we are using your personal information.  
The kind of information we may hold about you
We may collect, store, and use the following categories of your personal information:
Personal contact details: name, title, address, telephone number, email address.
Date of birth.
Recruitment information (including copies of right to work documentation, identification documents, references and other information included in a CV, cover letter, video application, or generally as part of the application process).
Details of your visits to the Website, and information about how your device has interacted with the Website, including search history, pages accessed and links clicked.
Information collected automatically from your device, including IP address, device type, operating system, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.
We may also collect, store and use the following ‘special categories’ of more sensitive personal information:
Information about your race, ethnicity or religious beliefs.
Transgender status
Sexual orientation
Disability status
We may also collect, store and use information about criminal convictions and offences.
How is your personal information collected?
We collect information that you provide voluntarily.  This includes information provided during the application and recruitment process, whether directly from candidates or from other sources such as recruitment agencies, former employers, background check providers and regulatory authorities, and also includes information provided by you when you register on the Website for updates from us.
We also collect some information automatically when you visit the Website. Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to the Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website is of interest to them.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology. We use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “Cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to serve internet-based advertising.  For further information about the types of Cookies we use, why, and how you can control Cookies, please see our Cookie Notice.
Why do we collect your personal information?
The situations in which we will process your personal information are listed below:
To process any job application which you submit to us.
Assessment of candidate suitability, and recruitment.
Communicating with you in connection with the recruitment process.
Maintaining talent pools of candidates for future job opportunities.
Contacting you about future job opportunities which may be of interest to you
Checking you are legally entitled to work in the UK.
To analyse Website traffic and improve the quality and relevance of the Website to visitors.
To facilitate the improvement and optimisation of the Website.
To store information about your preferences to allow us to customise the Website according to your individual interests.
Where appropriate we will collect and use information about criminal convictions and offences to determine eligibility for working in roles which require interaction with children and adults at risk. We will only do this where permitted by law providing for appropriate safeguards.
The situations in which we may process your date of birth, gender, nationality and your ‘special categories’ of more sensitive personal information are listed below:
Equality and diversity monitoring.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it such as (i) for the purpose of taking steps prior to entering into a contract with you, (ii) to enable us to comply with our legal obligations, (iii) where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights, or (iv) where we have your consent to do so.
Where we are collecting and using ‘special categories’ of more sensitive personal information, that information shall be processed on the basis that you have given explicit consent to the processing.
If we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will be the purposes of recruitment. We may have other legitimate interests and if appropriate we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
Where appropriate we will collect and use information about criminal convictions and offences to determine eligibility for working in roles which require interaction with children and adults at risk. We will only do this where permitted by law providing for appropriate safeguards.
If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us (section 13).
What if you fail to provide personal information?
If you fail to provide certain information we may be prevented from taking steps prior to entering into a contract with you, or from complying with our legal obligations.
What if we want to use your information for a different purpose?
We will only use your personal information for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal information without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law.
How secure is your information?
We have put in place appropriate technical and organisational measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used, accessed, altered or disclosed. The measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information and include:
Site access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to premises, buildings and rooms where your information is being processed.
IT access controls – only authorised personnel are able to gain access to your information stored electronically within our IT systems.
IT security controls – use of appropriate technology and security measures to ensure secure storage of your information.
Policies & procedures – comprehensive data protection and IT security policies and procedures setting out the way in which your information must be handled by staff.
Training – delivery of ongoing data protection and IT security training to all staff handling your information.
Who might we share your information with?
We may share your personal information in the situations detailed below:
Service providers
We share your personal information with third parties who provide services to us. The following activities all involve the processing of personal information and are carried out by third party service providers: hosting and maintenance of recruitment website platform, hosting and maintenance of applicant tracking system platform, delivery of job alert emails, hosting and maintenance of digital job advert distribution platform, candidate background check services, IT service providers, document and information collaboration and sharing, legal advisers. Please contact us (section 13) for further details in respect of our third party service providers.
All service providers are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. We do not allow third party service providers to use your information for their own purposes. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes in accordance with our instructions.
Games Workshop group
We may share your personal information with other entities in our group of companies as part of regular reporting activities on company performance, in the context of business reorganisation or group restructuring, or for system maintenance support.
Sale or restructure
We may share your personal information in the context of the possible sale or restructuring of the business provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this notice.
Law, legal rights and vital interests
We may also need to share your information with a law enforcement body, regulator, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any person.
Consent
We may share your personal information where you have consented to such disclosure.
Do you transfer my information outside of the European Union?
We may transfer your personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). For example, our IT service providers operate around the world. We will only transfer your personal information outside the EEA if adequate protection measures are in place.  To ensure that your personal information does receive an adequate level of protection outside the EEA we use the following protection measures:
Transferring to countries approved by the European Commission
Using model contractual clauses approved by the European Commission
Requiring companies we transfer information to in the United States to be signed up to the EU/US Privacy Shield Framework
Please contact us (section 13) for further details in respect of protective measures used outside of the EEA.
How long do we keep hold of your information?
We only retain your information for as long as necessary for the purposes described above, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
For basic job applications, this will be for a period of 12 months from the date you were notified that your application was unsuccessful (except in respect of a limited range of roles, in respect of which this period may be increased to 24 months). Where your data is held in connection with a talent pool or talent pipeline, this will be for a period of three years from the date you submitted your information to us. You have the option to remove yourself from a talent pool or talent pipeline should you wish to do so, by contacting us (section 13). If your application is successful, your information will then be held in accordance with our Employee Privacy Notice.
When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which it has been processed, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you.
What are your rights in connection with your personal information?
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to a copy of the personal information we hold about you
Request correction of any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you
Request erasure of information where there is no good reason for continued processing
Object to processing of your information where we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your information.
Where we are processing your information for a particular purpose based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
Request restriction to suspend our processing of your personal information.
Request transfer of your personal information to another party which you have provided to us.
If you want to exercise any of these rights please contact us (section 13).
You will not have to pay a fee to exercise any of your rights, however we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unfounded or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with the request in such circumstances.
Please note that we may need to request information from you to confirm your identity and establish your entitlement to these rights.
If you are not satisfied with our processing of your personal information, you also have the right to make a complaint to the relevant supervisory authority. Please see here for the relevant contact details.
What we ask of you?
It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate and current. Please inform us immediately of any changes to the personal information which we hold about you.
Change to this privacy notice
We may update this notice from time to time. When we update this notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes.  We will obtain your consent to any material changes if and where this is required by law.
You can see when this notice was last updated by checking the date displayed at the top of this notice.
Contact us
This notice is overseen by the Data Protection Manager of the Games Workshop group.  If you have any questions, complaints or requests please make contact with our Data Protection Manager by email: dpm@gwplc.com.
COOKIE NOTICE                                                                                                     MAY  2018  
What are cookies?
Cookies are small data files placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit a website.  Cookies are widely used by website owners to make their websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information.
Cookies set by the website owner are called “first party cookies”.  Cookies set by parties other than the website owner are called “third party cookies”. Third party cookies enable third party features or functionality to be provided on or through the website. 
Why do we use cookies?
 
How to refuse
Essential website cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our Websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas.
Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the Websites to you, you cannot refuse them.
You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings however, as described below under the heading “How can I control cookies?“
Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites but are non-essential to their use.  However, without these cookies, certain functionality (like videos) may become unavailable.
To refuse these cookies, please follow the instructions below under the heading “How can I control cookies?“
 
Advertising cookies: These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you.  They perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed for advertisers, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests.
Google Advertising
Alternatively, please click on the relevant opt-out link below:
Social networking cookies: These cookies are used to enable you to share pages and content that you find interesting on our Websites through third party social networking and other websites.  These cookies may also be used for advertising purposes too.
 
What about other tracking technologies, like web beacons?
Cookies are not the only way to recognise or track visitors to a website.  We may use other, similar technologies from time to time, like web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels” or “clear gifs”).  These are tiny graphics files that contain a unique identifier that enable us to recognise when someone has visited our Websites or opened an e-mail that we have sent them.  This allows us, for example, to monitor the traffic patterns of users from one page within our Websites to another, to deliver or communicate with cookies, to understand whether you have come to our Websites from an online advertisement displayed on a third-party website, to improve site performance, and to measure the success of e-mail marketing campaigns.  In many instances, these technologies are reliant on cookies to function properly, and so declining cookies will impair their functioning.
Do you serve targeted advertising?
When you visit our website, selected third parties may serve cookies on your computer or mobile device to allow relevant adverts to be delivered to you on third party websites. We do this using a variety of digital marketing networks and exchanges, advertising technologies like web beacons, pixels and cookies, in addition to technology offered by third parties such as Facebook pixel’s custom audience feature. The adverts which you see will be based on your previous use of the Games Workshop website. The information collected through this process does not enable us or the third party websites to identify your name, contact details or other personally identifying details unless you choose to provide these.  We will use anonymous information about the ad you saw and how you engaged with it to measure and improve our advertising campaigns in the future.
How can I control cookies?
You have the right to decide whether to accept or reject cookies.  You can set or amend your web browser controls to accept or refuse cookies. If you choose to reject cookies, you may still use our website though your access to some functionality and areas of our website may be restricted.   As the means by which you can refuse cookies through your web browser controls vary from browser-to-browser, you should visit your browser’s help menu for more information.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics tracking using a browser plugin at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ . You can specifically opt-out from personalised ads powered by Google across your internet usage at https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922 .
In addition, most advertising networks offer you a way to opt out of targeted advertising.  If you would like to find out more information, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.com .
How often will you update this Cookie Notice?
We may update this Cookie Notice from time to time.  Please re-visit this Cookie Notice regularly to stay informed about our use of cookies and related technologies.
Where can I get further information?
If you have any questions about our use of cookies or other technologies, please email us at dpm@gwplc.com .
© Copyright Games Workshop Limited 2018. Games Workshop, Warhammer Age of Sigmar, Warhammer 40,000 and all associated logos are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited.
© 2018 New Line Productions, Inc. All rights reserved. The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring, The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King and the names of the characters, items, events and places therein are trademarks of The Saul Zaentz Company d/b/a Middle-earth Enterprises under license to New Line Productions, Inc.
Create Job Alert
