Toggle navigation
Privacy Policy
We know you care how information about you is stored, used and shared by the webmaster of the website. We do our best to keep your trust by using the information about you carefully and sensibly. This privacy notice explains our privacy policy of the website www.signin-email.com. By visiting the website, you are accepting this privacy policy (Terms & Conditions).
Signin-Email.com is a free community site for all the users who are having problem with their login problems or any other kinds of problems regarding almost all the email service providers and we publish almost all information we gather in this site. We do not share or sell your personal information to any third parties. But all personal information you submit as part of your public profile will be publicly accessible in our site, except the email address. We try not to publish your email address to avoid spam, but it is possible that in certain cases your email address may be exposed to public.
We store any information you submit to our site. This includes, but not limited to, the profile you create at the time of registration, the resume you post in the job section etc. If you prefer not to publish any information, you may not submit it in the site. By doing so, you may be restricted from taking advantage of certain features of the site.
General Visitor Information:
For statistical purposes, we gather and store general visitor information like IP Address, Browser version, Visiting time, Duration etc. We may share such information with third parties or publish in our site for marketing purposes.
Links to Third Party Websites:
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on the third party websites links. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own. So if you land to other 3rd party website, we request you to visit their privacy policy too for more information.
Cookies, Pixels and Other Similar Technologies:
Cookies are small pieces of information stored in your computer. When you login to this site, small cookies are stored in your computer, to provide a better browsing experience for you. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use non personal information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. The resolution may vary from devices to devices.
Advertisements:
We use advertisements from third party companies. We try to avoid any kind of offensive and harmful advertisements in our site, but in many cases we do not have complete control of which advertisements appear in our site, due to the fact that many advertisements are automatically served by third party advertisers.
We will not be responsible for any harms caused by such third party advertisements served in our site. However, if such issues are pointed to our notice, we will make all attempts to stop publishing such advertisements in our site.
[Note : Signin-Email.com is not affiliated with any email services providers and the official members of those websites in anyway. This site is only here to help the visitors with login problems and other issues.]
How do we use the information we gather?
What kind of information we gather?
Follow us on Social
