Elite Email Privacy Policy
Elite Email Inc. ("Elite Email")  is committed to providing you a   safe & secure experience and that  includes taking your privacy   very seriously. Please read the following to learn  more about our   privacy policy.
What This Privacy Policy Addresses
This policy addresses how Elite Email treats personal information that Elite Email collects and receives, including information related to your past use of Elite Email products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Elite Email does not own or control, nor to people that Elite Email does not employ or manage.
Elite Email links to many external sites. This privacy policy by no means governs those sites. Each site should have their own privacy statements which should be reviewed to determine their practices.
Information Collection and Use
General
Elite Email collects personal information when you register with Elite Email for a member account, when you use Elite Email subscription products or services, and when you visit certain Elite Email pages.
When you register for a member account we ask for information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, business name, industry, and other preferences. Once you register with Elite Email and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. We use that information to provide you with a more customized Elite experience.
Elite Email automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Elite Email cookie information, and the page you request.
Elite Email uses information for the following general purposes: to fulfill your requests for products and services, to customize the advertising and content you see, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous aggregate reporting for internal and external clients.
Children
We kindly request that a child under the age of 13 obtain parental permission prior to registering for a member account. Elite Email will not directly contact children under age 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes. Elite Email treats a child’s privacy on the Internet with the utmost care. If you are a parent or guardian and have a concern about your child’s use of a member account, please contact us .
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Elite Email does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Elite Email under very strict confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Elite Email communicate with you about offers from Elite Email and our marketing partners. These companies do not, under any circumstances, have any independent right to share this information. We respond to court orders, subpoenas, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Elite Email's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law. We transfer information about you if Elite Email is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Elite Email will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Cookies
Elite Email may set and access Elite Email cookies on your computer. Elite Email will access Elite Email cookies previously stored on your computer when on our network of web sites in order to provide you with the best most customized experience.
Your Ability to Edit and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences
General
You can edit your Elite Email Account Information at any time by accessing the "My Account" area. Member account users can adjust their personal information and preferences at any time. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Elite Email service, such as service announcements, administrative messages and the periodic Elite Email Newsletter, that are considered part of your member account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. You can submit a request to permanently delete your member account by contacting us. Certain information will remain in our archives even after your account is deleted.
Confidentiality and Security
Elite Email’s servers are located in multiple ultra-secure data centers monitored 24 hours a day by security guards and closed circuit video cameras. Only authorized users may enter the server area.
Elite Email limits access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs at the highest caliber level.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Elite Email may periodically update this policy. Major updates will be complimented with prominent notice on our site noting that a change has occurred.
Questions and Suggestions
Elite Email values your input! If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us via email by clicking here . Alternatively you can contact us at:
Elite Email  Inc.
Customer Care Department
START SENDING EMAILS THE RIGHT WAY!
Up to 500 contacts is free forever.  No time limit. No credit card required.
Sign Up Free
Full access to ALL of our features
Unlimited image storage
