effective 12/21/2016
Thank you for visiting www.HealthInsurance.net (“Website,” “Site,” or “App”).  The Site is owned and operated by ASSURANCE IQ, Inc. (“ASSURANCE,” “we,” “us,” or “our”).  This privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) describes the information that we collect from you when you use our Site or our Services and what we do with this information. By accessing or using the Site or any of the Services, you hereby agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use governing your use of the Site and the Services, into which this Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, then please do not use the Site or the Services. Capitalized terms that are used in this Privacy Policy but not defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the last updated date specified above. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Site or Services after any such chance will constitute your acceptance of any modified terms.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information You Provide
We collect the content and other information you provide when you use our Services, including when you request an insurance quote, apply for insurance, and sign up for an account.  This can be personally identifiable information, health information, and information about things you own or lease. We also collect information about how you use our Services, such as the types of content you view or engage with or the frequency and duration of your activities.
This includes, but is not limited to: name, address, date of birth, phone number, email address, height, weight, social security number, vehicle details, personal and family health information, arrest records, credit score, properties you own or rent, and similar information about family members and dependents.
Payments
If you use our Services for purchases or financial transactions, we collect information about the purchase or transaction. This includes your payment information, such as your credit or debit card number and other card information, and other account and authentication information, as well as billing, mailing and contact details.
Device
We collect information from or about the computers, phones, or other devices where you install or access our Services, depending on the permissions you’ve granted. We may associate the information we collect from your different devices, which helps us provide consistent Services across your devices.
This includes, but is not limited to: Attributes such as the operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers. Device locations, including specific geographic locations, such as through GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals. Connection information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, browser type, language and time zone, mobile phone number and IP address.
Information from third-party partners.
We receive information about you and your activities on and off the site from third-party partners, such as information from a partner when we jointly offer services or from an advertiser about your experiences or interactions with them.
This includes, but is not limited to: Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager, Facebook Pixel, Twitter Pixel, Lucky Orange, Criteo Pixel
Cookies and tracking technology.
 
HOW WE USE INFORMATION
We collect all of this information to provide you with the best experience possible in relation to insurance and financial services.  We are passionate about personalized experiences.  We use all of the information we have to help us provide and support our Services.  Possible uses or information include:
Provision of the Services; provide accurate product recommendations and quotes, help first-and-third-party underwriting; provide information for applications; provide or offer other insurance, financial and consumer products and services, possibly from third-parties; provide, maintain and improve customer service; customize and personalize your experience with the Services to your interests; develop and improve the Site and the Services; respond to your inquiries; and communicate with you regarding your purchases or any other related topics. In addition, we may aggregate your Information with our other user’s Information and use that information for benchmarking and analysis purposes.
We communicate with you through phone including an automated dialer, SMS, physical mail, email, notices posted on the ASSURANCE websites or apps, messages to your ASSURANCE inbox, and other means available through the Services, including mobile text messages and push notifications. Examples of these communications include: transactional communications, welcome and engagement communications, service communications, promotional communications, and sales communications.
 
INFORMATION SHARING
We may share your Information with third parties such as insurance carriers, brokerages, and agents offering products and information made available to you through the Services.  This includes any parent companies, subsidiaries, join ventures, or other companies under common control with us. These companies may then contact you outside of the Service via automated dialer, SMS, or email, without your direct knowledge or a pre-set appointment.
We may use third party vendors to assist us with the Service. Some examples of the assistance that may be provided by third party service providers are: monitoring and analyzing Site activity, operations and marketing, hosting the Site, and maintaining our database. It is possible that some of these service providers will be located outside of the United States. We may share your Information with these third parties but only as necessary for them to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. Use of your Information by these third party vendors is governed by their own privacy policies and procedures and not by this Privacy Policy.
As we develop our businesses, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, some or all of the Information may be part of the transferred assets.
 
SECURITY
 
CHILDREN
 
EXTERNAL SITES
This Privacy Policy applies to all information that you provide on the site. However, when you visit websites to which ours links, keep in mind you will be interacting with a third party that operates under its own privacy and security policy. If you choose to obtain certain services through a third party site, the data collected by the third party is governed by that third party’s privacy policy. A third party site will also have its own policy regarding the use of cookies and clear gifs. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services.
QUESTIONS
If you have any questions, or would like additional information, please contact us at marketing@healthinsurance.net.
Lead Form Submission 
By clicking `Continue` on the lead form, you agree to receive marketing via automatic telephone dialing system or by artificial/pre-recorded message, or by text message from up to eight insurance companies or their agents, the owner of this website, and partner companies at the telephone number I have provided. I understand that my consent to receive communications in this way is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. I also agree that the information I provide will be used to provide me with insurance quotes and as otherwise set forth in the Privacy Policy. I have read the Terms of Use and agree to be bound by them.
If you are Medicare-eligible a representative may call you about a Medicare Advantage plan, Medicare Prescription Drug plan, Medicare Supplement plan or other Medicare plans.
