OK We use technical and marketing cookies, our own and those from third parties. If you continue browsing this website, you are accepting our cookies policy. To find out more about our cookies policy, click here .
Argentina
Australia
Bolivia
Brasil
Privacy Policy
Jetcost takes your privacy very seriously and is pleased to to inform you of our practices with respect to how we collect, use, and protect personal information about visitors of our website. Personal information is information that is personally identifiable like your name, email address, phone number, etc.
By using our website you consent to the following terms of our website privacy policy
Information Collection
Jetcost does not require that you enter any personal information to perform a flight, hotel or car rental search on our website. Jetcost may collect personal information when you use our travel services. For example, when you register to our newsletter, we ask for your name and email address.
Jetcost automatically receives and records information in our server logs from your browser, including the public IP address of your connection, browser type.
Information Use
to fulfill your requests for products or services
to contact you if you have subscribed to a newsletter
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Jetcost does not rent, share or sell any personal information with other companies except
to provide products or services you have requested including, without limitation, products and services from third parties
we may share your Personal Data with certain suppliers that provide services on our behalf and under contractual arrangements with us. We do this in order to operate the site and only let these service providers use your Personal Data as necessary to perform their functions and we require them at all times to keep your Personal Data safe and secure.
or When we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Jetcost Terms of Service, or as otherwise required by law.
Links to Third Party Sites
When you perform a search for a flight, hotel or car rental on Jetcost, we provide links to third party websites. Although we work with responsible third parties, their privacy policies and practices may differ from ours. So when you click through to third party websites, our privacy policies do not apply there. We recommend you to read the privacy policies of these partner websites.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who have a legitimate need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. Jetcost keeps the information stored in our systems access and takes measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected in a secure operating environment that is not accessible to the public, we cannot guarantee complete security.
Accessing, Reviewing and Changing Your Personal Information
According to the law n°78-17 of January 6th, 1978, said Computing Law and Freedom, you have the right of opposition, access, modification and deletion of all personal data brought to the knowledge of Findworks during the use of the service. This right can be exercised by mail addressed to Blue SAS, 6 Rue Casteres, 92110 Clichy, France. The database of this information was the object of a declaration at the CNIL under the number 1640703. We make the commitment not to sell or to communicate (to third parties) the email addresses, which are in our ownership without the preliminary agreement of the interested.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
jetcost.com may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the email address specified in your jetcost account or by placing a notice on our site.
Cookies
1. Introduction
This information sheet serves to inform you about our website’s (“Website”) Cookie Policy, as well as that of any other website operated by a company belonging to the lastminute.com group, (hereinafter referred to as “We”, “Us”, “Our/s”), so that you may better understand the use of cookies during your navigation and provide your consent thereto.
It is understood that by continuing to navigate on this Website you are consenting to the use of cookies, as specifically indicated in the notice on the front page (“Homepage”) reporting the existence of our Cookie Policy.
If you would like more information about the websites operated by companies belonging to the lastminute.com group, you may visit our corporate website: http://www.lastminutegroup.com/our-business/our-sites.aspx
2. What are cookies?
Cookies are small files which are stored on your computer, they hold a modest amount of data specific to you and allows a server to deliver a page tailored to you on your computer, hard drive, smartphone or tablet (hereinafter referred to as, “Device”). Later on, if you return to our Website, it can read and recognise the cookies. Primarily, they are used to operate or improve the way our Website works as well as to provide business and marketing information to the Website owner.
3. Authorisation for the use of cookies on our Website
In accordance with the notice of cookie usage appearing on our Website’s homepage and our Cookie Policy you agree that, when browsing our Website, you consent to the use of cookies described herein, except to the extent that you have modified your browser settings to disable their use. This includes but is not limited to browsing our Website to complete any of the following actions: closing the cookie notice on the Homepage, scrolling through the Website, clicking on any element of the Website, etc.
4. Types of cookies used on our Website
4.1. Types of cookies according to the managing entity
Depending on what entity manages the computer or domain from which the cookies are sent and processed, there exist the following types of cookies:
First party cookies: these are sent to your Device from a computer or domain managed by us and from which the service you requested is provided.
 
4.2. Types of cookies according to the length of time you stay connected:
Depending on the amount of time you remain active on your Device, these are the following types of cookies:
Session cookies: these are designed to receive and store data while you access the Website. These cookies do not remain stored on your Device when you exit the session or browser.
 
Cookies can be grouped as follows:
a. Technical cookies: these cookies are strictly necessary for the operation of our Website and are essential for browsing and allow the use of various features. Without them, you cannot use the search function, compare tool or book other available services on our Website.
b. Personalisation cookies: these are used to make navigating our Website easier, as well as to remember your selections and offer more personalised services. In some cases, we may allow advertisers or other third parties to place cookies on our Website to provide personalised content and services. In any case, your use of our Website serves as your acceptance of the use of this type of cookie. If cookies are blocked, we cannot guarantee the functioning of such services.
c. Analytical cookies for statistical purposes and measuring traffic: these cookies gather information about your use of our Website, the pages you visit and any errors that may occur during navigation. We also use these cookies to recognise the place of origin for visits to our Website. These cookies do not gather information that may personally identify you. All information is collected in an anonymous manner and is used to improve the functioning of our Website through statistical information. Therefore, these cookies do not contain personal data. In some cases, some of these cookies are managed on our behalf by third parties, but may not be used by them for purposes other than those mentioned above.
 
 
e. Social cookies: these cookies allow you to share our Website and click “Like” on social networks like Facebook, Twitter, Google+, and YouTube, etc. They also allow you interact with each distinct platform’s contents. The way these cookies are used and the information gathered is governed by the privacy policy of each social platform, which you can find on the list below in Paragraph 5 of our Cookie Policy.
5. List of cookies used on this Website
To see the list of cookies used on this Website, click here .
The information contained in the above list of cookies has been provided by the other companies which generate them. These companies have their own privacy policies in which they set forth both their own declarations as well as applicable disabling systems.
The lastminute.com group is not responsible for the contents and accuracy of third party cookie policies contained in our Cookie Policy.
6. Cookie management
 
6.1. How do I disable/enable cookies?
There are a number of ways to manage cookies. By modifying your browser settings, you can opt to disable cookies or receive a notification before accepting them. You can also erase all cookies installed in your browser’s cookie folder. Keep in mind that each browser has a different procedure for managing and configuring cookies. Here’s how you manage cookies in the various major browsers:
MICROSOFT WINDOWS EXPLORER
GOOGLE CHROME
MOZILLA FIREFOX
APPLE SAFARI
If you use another browser, please read its help menu for more information.
 
6.2. How are third party cookies enabled/disabled?
We do not install third party cookies. They are installed by our partners or other third parties when you visit our Website. Therefore, we suggest that you consult our partners’ Websites for more information on managing any third party cookies that are installed. However, we invite you to visit the following website https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ where you can find useful information about the use of cookies as well as the measures you can take to protect your privacy on the internet.
About Jetcost
About Us
