Subscribe |
Privacy Policy : shall mean a legal notice on a website providing information about the use of personal information - particularly personal information collected via the website - by the website owner.
Data : shall mean information compiled through communication, form, instruction, knowledge in order to acquire, organize, maintain, retrieve and use the information items such as documents (paper-based and digital), web pages and email messages for everyday use to complete tasks.
"Applicable Laws" means applicable local, state, and central laws, executive orders, rules, regulations, ordinances, codes, orders, and decrees of all governments or agencies of domestic jurisdiction in which Services shall be performed.
Aditya Birla Retail Limited (hereinafter referred to as "ABRL") is committed to safeguarding your privacy when you provide us with personal information. We strive to treat your personal information all safely and securely as reasonably possible. Primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you, the user, with a personalised experience on our web sites and/or with our products and services. This Privacy Policy explains our data processing practices and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to our processing please contact us at:contactus@morestore.com. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. By visiting www.morestore.com (hereinafter referred to as "web site"), you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. It you do not agree, please do not use or access our web site.
Information collected
ABRL shall collect the Personal Information provided by you through our web on submission of duly filled up form with all the information for using the same building relationship as customers, partners, vendors or the persons willing to make careers with us.
We may collect additional information in connection with your participation in any promotions or competitions offered by us to our customers and information you provide when giving us feedback or completing profile forms.
Use of your information and your preferences
ABRL does not share, sell or trade with third parties your Personal Information gathered online, such as email addresses, Personal Information collected as part of an online survey or other specific details about you, except with your consent.
We will also use your contact details to communicate with you. We may use your information to send you offers and news about the products and services of ABRL's business partners, strategic alliance companies and advertisers, group companies or those of other carefully selected companies which we think may be of interest to you. If you wish to receive information from our partners or from companies with which have a strategic alliance, unless you request us to, ABRL will not provide your information to all partners for them to send you mails. Only ABRL or its authorised agent (under NDA) will send you these direct mails.
We like to hear your views to help us improve our service. From time to time, we may contact you by post, email, telephone or fax to ask your opinions and reach you regarding important issues about the use of our services.
Please note that there may be instances where it may be necessary for us to communicate with you, in any event, for administrative or operational reasons relating to our service.
Disclosures of your information
Your information may be passed to and used by all ABRL and its group companies. We will however, never pass your personal data to anyone else, except for any successors in title to our business and suppliers under confidential agreement, that process data on our behalf. We may also use and disclose information in aggregate for marketing and strategic development purposes.
ABRL strives to protect your personal information. For our ABRL site, we use advance security technology to ensure that your personal information remain private within our site. However, since no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, ABRL can not ensure or warrants the security of any information you transmit to us or which we transmit to you from our on line products and/or services.
Other web sites
Our web site may contain links to other web sites which are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
Copyright
All content included in the web site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips and software, is the property of ABRL. The compilation (meaning the collection, arrangement and assembly) of all content on the website is the exclusive property ofABRL. All software used on the website is the property of ABRL or its software suppliers. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of the Website for the sole purpose of placing an order on the website or using the website as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content of the website is strictly prohibited.
Trademarks
All trademarks, logos, service marks and trade names are proprietary to ABRL or any other marks used by ABRL under license from the respective owners that have granted the website the right and license to use such intellectual property
