Enter you AMD password
Enter your Arvest1 Password
Learn How Arvest Protects Your Information
We encourage you to read our Privacy Policy and Notice to learn more about the types of information we collect and retain related to your accounts and transactions and how we use that information. We believe it is important for you to understand how we provide privacy and the measures we take to safeguard your information.
If you wish to limit our sharing of your information, you may indicate your preferences either through our online "Privacy Opt-Out" form or by contacting us at (866) 952-9523.
For users of Arvest Mobile Banking Applications
These additional data usage provisions apply when you use one of our mobile banking applications:
If you grant permission to use the camera, we will use it when you take a picture to capture images of a check that is being deposited with the mobile application, or at your option, to personalize your mobile application with a photo.
We may collect and store the following information: application version, device system name, device system version, phone number, and device model for the purpose of internal reporting, troubleshooting, and tracking application usage per individual applications and versions. Crash reports may also be collected to help correct application defects.
In addition to these data usage provisions, Arvest Bank maintains a privacy policy covering the personal and financial information related to your use of our services and products.  For more information and to view our Privacy Policy, click the "Privacy Policy and Notice" link above.
Respecting Your Preferences - Promotional Email and Telephone Calls
We wish to respect your choices regarding how we communicate to you through promotional messages via telephone and email. Please indicate your preferences as follows:
If you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional phone calls from us, please complete our "Do–Not–Call Request" form or contact us at   (866) 952-9523. Please note: this request only applies to telemarketing calls. We may still need to contact you by phone regarding your accounts or transactions.
If you prefer not to receive marketing or promotional email messages, please use our "Contact Us" form or contact us at (866) 952-9523. Please note: this request only applies to promotional email messages and that we may still need to contact you by email if you use a product or service that requires email communications, such as Electronic Statements, or if you have previously agreed to receive notices and disclosures electronically.
We realize you have a choice when it comes to banking, and we will continue to work hard to earn your trust and confidence.
Get Social
Copyright © 2018 Arvest Bank. All Rights Reserved.
Investments and Insurance Products: Not a Deposit | Not Guaranteed by the Bank or its Affiliates | Not FDIC
Insured | Not Insured by Any Federal Government Agency | May Go Down in Value
Investment products and services provided by Arvest Investments, Inc., doing business as Arvest Wealth Management, member FINRA/SIPC, an SEC registered investment adviser and a subsidiary of Arvest Bank.  Securities offered and cleared through Wells Fargo Clearing Services, LLC, member NYSE/SIPC or Raymond James & Associates, Inc., member NYSE/SIPC.  Insurance products made available through Arvest Insurance, Inc., which is registered as an insurance agency.  Insurance products are marketed through Arvest Insurance, Inc., but are underwritten by unaffiliated insurance companies.
The Investment Management Group is the investment advisory division of Arvest Investments, Inc., doing business as Arvest Wealth Management,
member FINRA/SIPC, an SEC registered investment adviser.
Trust services provided by Arvest Bank.
Leaving Arvest Bank
You are about to visit a third-party site not operated by Arvest Bank,
a FDIC-insured institution.
Arvest Bank’s privacy policy and security practices do not apply to the site you are about to enter, please review the third-party's privacy and security practices.
