Due to system maintenance, Dadeschools.net will be unavailable  Saturday, April 14, 2018, through Sunday, April 15, 2018. Should the maintenance be completed early, we will enable systems when possible.
Anti-Discrimination Policy
The School Board of Miami-Dade County, Florida adheres to a  policy of nondiscrimination in employment and educational programs/activities  and strives affirmatively to provide equal opportunity for all as required by:
Title VI of the Civil Rights  Act of 1964 -  prohibits discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, or national  origin.
Title VII of the Civil Rights  Act of 1964 as amended - prohibits discrimination in employment on the basis of race,  color, religion, gender, or national origin.
Title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 - prohibits discrimination on the  basis of gender.
Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 (ADEA) as amended - prohibits discrimination on the  basis of age with respect to individuals who are at least 40.
The Equal Pay Act of 1963 as amended - prohibits gender discrimination in  payment of wages to women and men performing substantially equal work in the  same establishment.
Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 - prohibits discrimination against  the disabled.
Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA) - prohibits discrimination against  individuals with disabilities in employment, public service, public  accommodations and telecommunications.
The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 (FMLA) - requires covered employers to  provide up to 12 weeks of unpaid, job-protected leave to "eligible" employees for certain family and medical reasons.
The Pregnancy Discrimination Act of 1978 - prohibits discrimination in  employment on the basis of pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions.
Florida Educational Equity Act (FEEA) - prohibits discrimination on the  basis of race, gender, national origin, marital status, or handicap against a  student or employee.
Florida Civil Rights  Act of 1992 -  secures for all individuals within the state freedom from discrimination  because of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, handicap, or  marital status.
Title II of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act  of 2008 (GINA) - prohibits discrimination against  employees or applicants because of genetic information.
Boy Scouts of America Equal Access Act of 2002 - no public school shall deny equal access to, or a fair  opportunity for groups to meet on school premises or in school facilities  before or after school hours, or discriminate against any group officially  affiliated with Boy Scouts of America or any other youth or community group  listed in Title 36 (as a patriotic society).
Veterans are provided  re-employment rights in accordance with P.L. 93-508 (Federal Law) and Section  295.07 (Florida Statutes), which stipulate categorical preferences for  employment.
In Addition:
School Board Policies 1362, 3362, 4362,  and 5517 - Prohibit harassment and/or  discrimination against students, employees, or applicants on the basis of sex,  race, color, ethnic or national origin, religion, marital status, disability,  genetic information, age, political beliefs, sexual orientation, gender, gender  identification, social and family background, linguistic preference, pregnancy,  citizenship status, and any other legally prohibited basis. Retaliation for engaging in a protected  activity is also prohibited.
For  additional information contact:
Executive Director/Title IX Coordinator
Miami, Florida 33132
 
 
 
 
 
M-DCPS : 1450 NE 2nd Ave. : Miami, FL 33132 : Phone: (305) 995-1000 (For Non Technical Questions Only) Copyright
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response
