           
      
Since the passage of AB 1584, (now found at California Education Code section 49073.1), school districts have struggled to incorporate its required provisions in their contracts with digital providers. Two reasons account for a large portion of these difficulties.  First, school districts often do not have the legal resources to negotiate with legally compliant privacy provisions. Second, other school districts are often reluctant to adopt the products for their school district, especially if they do not know whether these other agreements have been legally reviewed, and by persons who are comfortable in the new law of data privacy. To address this critical need, CETPA is pleased to announce the California Student Privacy Alliance (CSPA) , a partnership with the Access 4 Learning Community's Student Data Privacy Consortium and the Massachusetts Student Privacy Alliance (MSPA).  
CETPA is making this valuable resource available to every district in California at no cost, and encourages use of the CSPA to: 
Provide a searchable database by district or application that enables calibration of digital resources; 
Standardize privacy agreements  with the CA Student Data Privacy Agreement (CSDPA) available within the CSPA.
The  California Student Data Privacy Agreement attempts to tackle these challenges head on. First, it has been reviewed by several sets of legal and subject matter experts ranging from the Federal government, private attorneys, and educators working in the data privacy field both within the State of California and beyond. Users of this document can know, with a high degree of confidence, that it meets both the requirements of Federal and California State law.  
Vendors may additionally choose to sign the General Offer of Terms, Exhibit E, making the CSDPA essentially a piggy-backable or umbrella agreement, requiring only the additional signature of the district to make it binding and eliminating any further privacy negotiations for that particular resource. 
Loading
show all 181 Acalanes Union High School District Ackerman Charter School District Adelanto Elementary Alum Rock School District Anaheim Union High School District Apple Valley Unified School District Aspire Public Schools Atascadero Unified School District Baker Valley Unified Barstow Unified School District Bass Lake School District Bayshore Elementary SD Berryessa Union School District Beverly Hills Unified School District Brisbane School District Buckeye Union Elementary Burbank Unified School District Burlingame School District Butte County Office of Education Cambrian School District
Thank You for Signing Exhibit E:
Loading
This list shows the vendors currently participating in the CSPA program.
Data pager
Data pager
show all 229 1docstop 5 Star Students ABC Mouse Accelerated Learning Accelerated Learning (STEMscopes) Accelerated Math/Reading/STAR (Renaissance Learning) Accelerated Reader (Renaissance Learning) Administrative Software Applications AEPSinteractive Albert.io ALearn Amplify Curriculum APEX ApexOC ASB Works ASQ Ages & Stages Questionnaires Aztec Bay Area Tutoring Benchmark Education Big Math Flashcards
Programs
Exabyte Level
Petabyte Level
©2017 CETPA. All Rights Reserved
{1}
