 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
•   you must retain, on all copies of the materials downloaded, all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials;
•   you may not modify the materials in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, distribute, or otherwise use them for any public or commercial purpose;
 
 
 
 
1 - do not incorporate any content from this Site into your site (e.g., by in-lining, framing or creating other browser or border environments around the website content). You may only link to, not replicate, the Site content;
2 - you may not use any Ford trademarks, logos, designs or service marks in your links;
3 - you may not create the appearance of a relationship or affiliation with Ford; and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you believe that any content on this Site infringes your copyright rights, please contact Ford's designated agent for receiving such notifications in writing as follows:
DMCA Agent
 
1 - Your physical or electronic signature.
2 - Identification of the copyrighted work you claim to have been infringed, or, if there are multiple copyrighted works, a representative list of such works.
3 - Identification of the material that you claim to be infringing, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material.
4 - Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an email address.
5 - A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by you or the law.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lincoln.com and Owner.Lincoln.com Privacy Statement
1.  General Statement:
 
 
Lincoln.com
 
 
 
 
 
Online Tracking Information
 
 
 
 
 
 
Lincoln.com - Saving Content
 
Lincoln.com - Creating Login Credentials
 
Owner.Lincoln.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
·         Fulfill a site user request (e.g., create log in credentials, brochure fulfillment, send marketing or promotional materials including emails or other information, service rebates, price quotes, save or share content, for a chat with a Lincoln representative)
·         Fulfill and deliver an order for goods or services such as, if equipped, a Vehicle Health Report, SYNC Services, or software downloads, or Lincoln Extended Service Plan
·         Respond to your comments or requests for information
·         Meet a request for or to develop new products or services
·         Make the user experience more customer friendly
·         Develop new and improved products, services and marketing
·         Contact you if necessary in the course of processing or shipping an order for products or services
·         Generate site analytics that improve our site layout, content, product offerings and services
·         Compile user data that is stored in our corporate database; for site visitors in the U.S. the data may be used for marketing and other purposes  
·         Match personal data collected here with data about you that we collect through other sources
·         Comply with legal requirements
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
Compile aggregate and statistical data to help in website design and to identify popular features
Measure site activity to allow us to update our site to better meet user wants and needs
Provide you content that may be of interest to you based on pages visited and items viewed
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Develop new and improved products, services and marketing       
 
We also use site usage information for the purpose of performing analytics on the user’s experience while visiting this site. This analysis:
Is performed on an aggregate level
May involve the use of a third-party vendor acting on behalf of Lincoln.com
May be combined with data collected by third parties on other sites and apps and across devices
Is performed in order to improve our website and the user experience
 
7.  Methods to Collect Information:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest-Based/Online Behavioral Advertising
 
 
Opting out
 
 
 
2.  Opting out of in App interest-based advertisements.  iOS and Android mobile device users, and possibly users of other mobile devices, may control in App advertisements by disabling or resetting the mobile device advertiser ID.  Below are links to instructions for controlling advertising IDs on iOS and Android devices.  
 
 
 
 
8.  Sharing Your Information:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To correct or update your personally identifiable information contact us at:   
Telephone
800-392-3673
800-232-5952 (TDD for the hearing impaired)
Available Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. EST and Saturday, 9:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. EST
Mailing Address
 
 
 
 
10.  Security of Your Information:
 
 
Vendors are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Lincoln.com.
11.  Processing of Personal Data:
 
 
12.  Links to Other Sites:
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
800-232-5952 (TDD for the hearing impaired)
Available Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. EST and Saturday, 9:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. EST
Mailing Address
Ford Motor Company
Customer Relationship Center
P.O. Box 6248
Dearborn, MI 48126
 
 
 
 
 
 
Your California Privacy Rights
 
 
 
For an explanation of our privacy practices please review our privacy statement by clicking the "Privacy" link on our home page.
Terms of Content Submission
 
 
 
THIS AGREEMENT,
ALL APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES AND REGULATIONS, AND
ANY OTHER APPLICABLE TERMS, CONDITIONS AND REQUIREMENTS PROMULGATED BY TWITTER, FACEBOOK, TUMBLR, INSTAGRAM, VIMEO, YOUTUBE, PINTEREST, LINKEDIN AND ANY AND ALL OTHER THIRD PARTY PLATFORMS OR PLUG-INS THAT MAY BE INTEGRATED WITH AND/OR MADE AVAILABLE VIA THE LINCOLN WEBSITE.
FURTHER, YOU REPRESENT, WARRANT AND COVENANT THAT:
 
YOU ARE 18 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER, AND
 
 
 
User Content must constitute an original work of entrant, and must be in keeping with Ford’s image, as determined by Ford in its sole discretion.
User Content must not violate this Agreement, any rights of any other party or entity, any of your obligations, any law, rule or regulation or infringe upon, misappropriate or violate any intellectual property, proprietary, privacy, publicity or other rights of any party or entity.
User Content must not be sexually explicit or suggestive, unnecessarily violent or derogatory of any ethnic, racial, gender, religious, professional or age group, profane or pornographic, illegal, discriminatory or harassing, or display inappropriate activity, behavior or conduct or contain nudity.
User Content must not promote alcohol, illegal drugs, tobacco, firearms/weapons (or the use of any of the foregoing), any activities that may appear unsafe or dangerous, or any particular political agenda or message.
User Content must not be obscene or offensive, crude or vulgar, endorse any form of hate or hate group, gang signs or symbol.
User Content must not contain trademarks, logos or trade dress (such as distinctive packaging or building exteriors/interiors) owned by any other party, or advertise or promote any brand or product of any kind, without permission.
User Content must not contain any personal identification, such as license plate numbers, personal names, e-mail addresses, websites, webpage links or street addresses.
User Content must not contain copyrighted materials owned by others (including music, photographs, sculptures, paintings, body art and other works of art or images published on or in websites, television, movies or other media) without permission.
User Content must not contain materials embodying the names, likenesses, voices, or other indicia identifying any person, including, without limitation, celebrities and/or other public or private figures, living or dead, without permission.
User Content must not include look-alikes of celebrities or other public or private figures, living or dead.
User Content must not communicate messages or images inconsistent with the positive images and/or goodwill to which Ford wishes to associate.
User Content must not contain any software virus, worm, spyware, Trojan horse or other computer code, file or program designed to interrupt, impair, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9.             MISCELLANEOUS.  This Agreement, together with the [ Terms of Use ] and [ Privacy Policy ] of www.lincoln.com, and any other regulations, procedures and policies which we refer to and which are hereby incorporated by reference, contain the entire understanding and agreement between you and Ford concerning your User Content and certain features and functionality of the Lincoln Website and any Third Party Platform in order to submit and upload your User Content, and supersedes any and all prior or inconsistent understandings relating thereto.  If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, this shall not affect any other provisions and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to make it legal, valid and enforceable. This Agreement, and any rights, licenses and privileges granted herein, may not be transferred or assigned by you, but may be assigned or transferred by Ford without restriction and without notice to you.  Ford may terminate this Agreement with you, at any time, for any or no reason, with or without prior notice or explanation, and without liability or obligation to you or any third party.  Any provision which must survive in order to allow us to enforce its meaning shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
close
Save
Share
Download
close
YOUR BROWSER IS NOT SUPPORTED
CLICK ONE OF THE BELOW ICONS TO START THE BROWSER DOWNLOAD.
@
Please select a carrier.
Thank You.
By entering your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive a text message on your mobile phone. Standard messaging and data plan rates may apply.
Welcome A/Z Plan Participant
Now you can view exclusive price savings on our Build & Price shopping tool.
Note: A/Z Plan pricing information is not available on all Ford websites. In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for A/Z Plans. Also, some dealers may choose not to participate in A/Z Plan pricing. Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the program and final vehicle pricing.
What happens if I close this site before I'm finished?
If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the A/Z Plan Pricing website to ensure that all eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the A/Z Plans, please refer back to your A/Z Plan Pricing website for complete details.
A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply. See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this plan at any time.
Welcome X-Plan Participant
Now you can view exclusive price savings on our Build & Price shopping tool.
Note: X Plan pricing information is not available on all Ford websites. In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for X Plans. Also, some dealers may choose not to participate in X Plan pricing. Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the program and final vehicle pricing.
What happens if I close this site before I’m finished?
If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the X Plan Pricing website to ensure that all eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the X Plans, please refer back to your X Plan Pricing website for complete details.
A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply. See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this plan at any time.
