Introduction
Protecting your privacy is really important to us.  This Privacy Policy covers all of the services of Tastemade, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Tastemade”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), and our mobile applications, desktop application services, software and other materials and services made available on, from or through the foregoing (collectively, the “Services”). For the purposes of European Economic Area data protection law, (the "Data Protection Law"), we are the data controller.
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We appreciate that you do not want your personal information distributed indiscriminately and we provide this Privacy Policy to explain our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that we receive when you use our Services. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through your use of the Services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to any third-party websites, services or applications, such as applications and websites using Facebook and other social media sites, even if they are accessible through our Services.
Please read this Privacy Policy, and if you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us at  info@tastemade.com .  Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Use found at https://www.tastemade.com/terms.
Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. 
By using our Services, you acknowledge you have read and understood this Privacy Policy.
How do we collect your information?
Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Services, to provide more relevant content to you, to administer your use of the Services (including your account, if you are an account holder) and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our Services.
We may collect and process the following information about you:
Information you give us
This is information about you that you give us directly when you interact with us. 
Find Out More
This is information about you that you give us by filling in forms on our Services or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise.  It includes information you provide when you register to use our Services, subscribe to our Services, search for a product, place an order in our shop, engage in social media tools on or via our Services, upload or submit any material via the Services, enter a competition, promotion or survey, submit a query, and when you report a problem with our Services.
The information you give us may include:
your name, address, e-mail address, postal address, and phone number, financial and credit card information, personal description and photograph, login and password details;
details of any transactions made by you through the Services;
communications you send to us, for example to report a problem or to submit queries, concerns or comments regarding the Services or its content;
information from surveys that we may, from time to time, run for research purposes, if you choose to respond to, or participate in, them; and
your individual preferences.
It may also include employment details if you send us a CV, resumé or other details of your employment history in connection with an advertised job vacancy or a general enquiry regarding employment opportunities with us.
Information we collect about you from your use of our Services
We will automatically collect information from you each time you use our Services.  This includes:
Technical information
Find Out More
Technical information may include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, your log-in and password details (in connection with an account sign-in facility), device identifier, user settings, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Information about your visit may include the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), videos, adverts and products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), methods used to browse away from the page, and any phone number used to call our customer service number or social media handle used to connect with our customer service team.
We may also gather information about the pages related to the Services that you visit, and also other information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in a “market segment”. This information is collected by reference to the IP address that you are using or the location settings on your mobile device, and includes information about the county and city you are in, together with the name of your internet service provider.
Location data
We collect information through the Services as to your real time geographical location to provide location services where requested or agreed to by you in order to deliver content, advertising or other services that are dependent on knowing where you are. This information may also be collected in combination with an identifier associated with your device to enable us to recognize your mobile browser or device when you return to use the Services.
Delivery of location services will involve reference to one or more of the following: (a) the coordinates (latitude/longitude) of your location; (b) look-up of your country of location by reference to your IP address against public sources; and/or (c) your location settings on your Apple device or Android device, or similar device identifier/settings.
See “Cookies and other technologies” for more information on the use of cookies and device identifiers related to the Services.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by adjusting the privacy or location settings on your device.
Information we receive from other sources
This is information we receive about you:
If you use any of the other websites or apps we operate or the other services we provide;
From third parties we work closely with; and
From social networking services, if you choose to create or sign-in to an account through one of your social networking service accounts.
Find Out More
Where we receive information about you from other sources, we will have informed you via this policy when we collected that data if we intend to share your data internally and combine it with data collected on this site. We will also have told you for what purpose we will share and combine your data.
We are working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, and search information providers). We will share with you when we receive information about you from them and the purposes for which we intend to use that information. We use the information we receive about you from these third parties to provide you with a better service.
Social Networking Accounts
If you choose to create or sign-in to an account through one of your social networking service accounts (“SNS Accounts”), you may have to provide us with your username (or user ID) so that your identity can be authenticated by the SNS Account. When the authentication is complete, we’ll be able to link your account with the SNS Account and access certain information, such as your name, email address, photo and other personal information that your privacy settings on the SNS Account permit us to access.
We don’t receive or store passwords for any of your SNS Accounts.
You are under no obligation to provide any such information. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with certain services.
Cookies and other technologies
Our servers automatically record certain information about how a person uses our Services (we call this information “Log Data”), including both account holders and non-account holders (either, a “User”). Log Data may include information such as a User’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a User was visiting before accessing our Services, the pages or features of our Services to which a User browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links or buttons on our Services that a User clicked on (including advertisements clicked on) and other statistics.
Our Services use cookies, pixels and similar technologies to distinguish you from other users of our Services. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our site, use our App, or otherwise engage with our Services and also allows us to improve our Services. 
When you use the Services, a web server sends a cookie or other similar technology such as device IDs or pixel tags to your computer or mobile device (as the case may be). These typically involves small pieces of information or code which are issued to or accessed from your computer or mobile device (as the case may be) when you visit a website or app and which store and sometimes track information about you. Cookies and similar technologies enable you to be remembered when using that computer or device to interact with websites, apps and online services and can be used to manage a range of features and content as well as storing searches and presenting personalized content.
We use these cookies and other technologies on the basis that they are necessary for the performance of a contract with you (i.e. the provision of Services), or because using them is in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights), and, in some cases, where required by law, where you have consented to their use.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies and similar technologies, but if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that and your help screen or manual will tell you how to do this.  We also give you information about how to disable cookies here.  However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our Services if you do so.  A number of cookies and similar technologies we use last only for the duration of your use of our Services and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies and similar technologies are used to remember you when you return to use the Services and will last for longer.
Find out more
We use cookies and/or other similar technologies, such as pixel codes and in-app IDs, either alone or in combination with each other, to create a unique device ID.  When we refer to “cookies” here, we include the other similar technologies unless specified otherwise.
We use the following types of cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website and under our terms with you. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our Services, use a shopping cart or make use of e-billing services.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Services when they are using it. This helps us for our legitimate interests of improving the way our Services works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our Services. This enables us, subject to your choices and preferences, to personalize our content, greet you by name and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
Targeting/Advertising cookies. These cookies record your visit to our Services, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information subject to your choices and preferences to make our Services and the advertising displayed on them more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
In addition, we may also work with advertisers, advertising technology companies and service providers that perform advertising-related and analytics-related services for us and our business partners may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information from or about you in order to:
tailor advertisements;
enable other enhancements of the Services.
This information may include your use of the Services including content you view, other websites and services you visit, advertisements you view and your other activities online. This may result in you seeing interest-based advertisements on or through our Services or advertisements related to our Services when you visit other websites and services of third parties, which it is believed will be relevant to your market segment.
For more information about how to turn this feature off see Our promotional updates and communications below or visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
Disabling cookies
Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted when you log off from the Services and close your browser. Although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. You can also learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser or mobile device.
If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. Please note, however, that if you don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the Services.
Find Out More
The effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable but, in general, the website may not operate properly if all cookies are switched off.
If you want to disable cookies on our website, you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies.  How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.   Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
2. Click on the “privacy” tab
3. Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome:
3. Click “Cookies”
For Mozilla Firefox:
2. Click on the icon “privacy”
3. Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and further:
1. Choose the menu Files”> “Preferences”
2. Privacy
Where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the Site.
Except for essential cookies, all first-party cookies used on our site will expire after 30 days.  You can find more information about the individual cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them in our Cookie Table
Cookie Table
We and our partners may use cookies, pixels and/or other similar technologies, either alone or in combination with each other as set out in the following table:
View Cookie Table
Tastemade Legal Change (tmw-legal-change-dismissed)
Used to track consent from users of the Service when our privacy policy or terms of use have been updated.
Tastemade Register (tmw-register-)
Used to promote registration on tastemade.com. It will store a cookie that this user has been seen so on recurring visits, no registration-related popup will be shown.
Nudge (tmw-register-nudge)
Used to promote registration on tastemade.com. It will store a cookie that this user has been seen so on recurring visits, no registration-related popup will be shown.
Tastemade Locale Switch (tmw-locale-switch-dismissed)
The locale switch cookie will store a cookie for the current locale from which a user first visited the website. This is used for convenience and to provide better Services.
Tastemade Session ID (tmnw.sid)
The will store a cookie for each session a user has. This allows Tastemade to connect user events to a particular session. We use this information to gather performance metrics for the website and enhance Services for our users.
Google Analytics
This cookie is used to provide analytics on how tastemade.com is performing. This information is used to provide better Services for our users.
This cookie is used to collect information about users’ devices, such as operating system and browser type. This allows for optimizing and distributing Services and advertisements.
This cookie is used to collect watch behaviour of content. This information is distributed to gather analytics on watch behaviours and provide better Services for our users.
This cookie is used to improve advertising and Services for our users. Some common applications are to target advertising based on what’s relevant to a user, to improve reporting on campaign performance, and to avoid showing ads the user has already seen.
Facebook
We may use Facebook Cookies as part of our service to authenticate users and to provide relevant advertisements and Services for our users.
This cookie is used to collect analytics on our player performance to improve performance of our Services.
This cookie allows Tastemade to monitor bugs and issues that may occur when users browse the site to improve our Services.
This cookie allows Tastemade to monitor site outages and provide a better experience for our users.
Responding to do not track signals
Our Services do not have the capability to respond to “Do Not Track” signals received from various web browsers. Other parties may collect personal information about users’ online activities over time and across different websites when users use other operators’ websites or online services.
How we use your information
We use your personal information which we collect in the following ways:
Information you give to us:
We will use this information to:
Take steps in order to enter into any contract or carry out our obligations arising from any contract entered into between you and us including:
enabling us to process your orders and to provide you with the Services and information offered through the Services and which you request;
administering the Services and your account with us;
verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online;
notifying you about changes to our Service;
contact you with emails, newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you including information about our products and services or those of carefully selected third parties, provided you have indicated that you do not object to being contacted for these purposes; and
allow, with your consent, carefully selected third parties to send you information directly which you may find useful regarding their products and services.
Provide you with information about our and our partners, goods or services we feel may interest you, if you have given your consent to receiving marketing material from us at the point we collected your information, where required by law or otherwise in our legitimate interests provided these interests do not override your right to object to such communications. See 'Our promotional updates and communications'.
Ensure in our legitimate interests that:
content provided through our Services is presented in the most effective manner for you and for the device you are using; and
we provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us.
Information we collect about you from your use of our Services
We will use this information in our legitimate interests, where we have considered these are not overridden by your rights:
to administer our Services and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to keep our Services safe and secure, and fight spam, malware and identity theft;
for measuring or understanding the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, including following the use of our Services and related purchases, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services, when you choose to do so;
to analyze (and engage third parties to analyze) information to improve and enhance the Services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to your needs and preferences, and to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to improve the layout and/or content of the pages of the Services and customize them for users;
to identify visitors using the Services and carry out research on our users' demographics and tracking of sales data; and
to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our Services are used.
Information we receive from other sources
We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you in our legitimate interests (where we have considered that these are not overridden by your rights). We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Tastemade will only process personal data in ways that are compatible with the purpose that Tastemade collected it for, or for purposes you later authorize. Before we use your personal data for a purpose that is materially different than the purpose we collected it for or that you later authorize, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt out. Tastemade maintains reasonable procedures to help ensure that personal data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current.
What information do we share with third parties?
We may disclose your personal information to:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, who support our processing of personal data under this policy (if any of these parties are using your information for direct marketing purposes, we will only transfer the information to them for that purpose with your prior consent); and
Selected third parties.
Find Out More
Our selected third parties may include:
Organizations who process your personal data on our behalf and in accordance with our instructions and the Data Protection Law. This includes in supporting the services we offer through our Services in particular those providing website and data hosting services, processing transactions, fulfilling requests for information, providing fulfilment services, receiving and sending communications, distributing any communications we send, supporting or updating marketing lists, analyzing data and performance of our Services, facilitating feedback on our services and providing IT support services from time to time.
These organizations (which may include third party affiliates, suppliers, agents, contractors, sub-contractors and/or other companies in our group) will only use your information to the extent necessary to perform their support functions.
We share your personal information with third-party sites or platforms, such as social networking sites.
Advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.  We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we will provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 women aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the personal data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience and subject to the cookie section of this policy.
Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of our Services and subject to the cookie section of this policy. We may share information with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, measurement of advertising effectiveness and other similar purposes.
Business partners who provide services to you and with whom we have mutually accepted terms in relation to the processing of your personal data (e.g., Facebook).
Payment processing providers, including Stripe, who provide secure payment processing services. Your payment card details are not shared with us by the payment processing provider.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we undergo re-organization, or sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets subject to the terms of this privacy policy.
If Tastemade or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
It’s our policy to protect you from having your privacy violated through abuse of the legal systems, whether by individuals, entities or government, and to contest claims that we believe to be invalid under applicable law. However, it’s also our policy to cooperate with government and law enforcement officials.
We may disclose information if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to:
satisfy or comply with any applicable law, regulation or legal process or to respond to lawful requests;
enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements with you;
protect the rights, property, or safety of Tastemade, our customers, other third parties or the public in general;
prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal, unethical or legally actionable; and
prevent fraud or cybercrime.
This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction and to prevent cybercrime.
Security of your information
We place great importance on the security of all personal information associated with our users. We have security measures in place to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal information under our control. For example, when you enter sensitive and/or personal information on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Where you have chosen (or we have given you) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
However, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure and any such submission is at your own risk. Whilst we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will never occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent it. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
It is advisable to close your browser when you have finished your user session to help ensure others do not access your personal information if you use a shared computer or a computer in a public place.
Payment processing
If you subscribe to a paid Service, we use Stripe to process and accept payments, or if you subscribe to a paid Service via Apple iTunes or Google Play.  If you purchase products from our Service (e.g. via an online Tastemade shop) we use Shopify to process and accept payments. In each of these cases, your payment will be processed via those respective services who operate a secure server to process payment details, encrypt your credit/debit card information and authorize payment. We do not store any credit card information, but Stripe, Apple, Google or Shopify, as applicable) will collect credit card information and any other payment-related information. Each such third-party service uses the payment-related information that it receives as necessary and appropriate to fulfil requests to process payment transactions, to facilitate billing and to otherwise deliver payment services. Personal information about our users is used by each such service to process payment transactions and for no other purpose, and this information is subject to
Stripe’s privacy policy and terms of use found at  https://stripe.com/us/terms ;
Apple’s iTunes privacy policy and terms of use found at  http://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/ and http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/us/terms.html ;
Google Play’s privacy policy and terms of use found at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and  https://play.google.com/about/play-terms.html ; and
Shopify’s privacy policy and terms of service found at https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy and https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms .
Information you provide to these third-party service providers are not within our control.
How long we keep your information
We retain personal data for as long as you have an account with us in order to meet our contractual obligations to you and for six years after that to identify any issues and resolve any legal proceedings. We may also retain aggregate information beyond this time for research purposes and to help us develop and improve our Services. You cannot be identified from aggregate information retained or used for these purposes. 
Links to other sites
Our Services may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service (including social media sites) is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party's privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to those websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information, we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access too.
Emailing, messaging and sharing via a Tastemade Account
As part of some of our Services, account holders may be able to communicate with other account holders, through use of direct messaging and email functionality associated with their accounts. Your email address will not be visible to other account holders in such communications. However, you should exercise caution when using these facilities and never disclose your personal information.
By using the Services, you understand and agree that Tastemade is providing a platform for you to view and upload content, including comments and other materials to the Services and to share content publicly. This means that other users may search for, see, use or share any of the content that you create and make publicly available through the Services, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and Tastemade’s Terms of Use.  
Our promotional updates and communications
Where permitted in our legitimate interest or with your prior consent where required by law, we will use your personal information for marketing analysis and to provide you with promotional update communications by email about our Services. We may also allow, with your consent, carefully selected third parties to send you information directly which you may find useful regarding their products and services.
Opting Out
You can tell us not to contact you with promotional emails, newsletter notifications or other communications regarding our Services, or those of third parties or to share your details with third parties so that they can send you information regarding their products and services,
at the point such information is collected related to the Services, or
following the unsubscribe link at the end of all our marketing and promotional update communications to you.
You can also opt out of further marketing at any time by sending us an email at info@tastemade.com .
We do need to send you certain communications regarding the Services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications, like communications regarding updates to our Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy or information about billing. 
Please note that if you opt-out of promotional updates and communications, we may still collect some data about your online activity for operational purposes, but it won’t be used by us for the purpose of targeting ads to you, and if you use multiple browsers or devices, you may need to perform this opt-out on each browser or device.
Further information on opting out
Some of the advertisers, advertising technology companies and service providers that perform advertising-related services for us and our business partners may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of interest-based or online behavioral advertising delivered by each of its member companies. If you would like to obtain more information about the NAI and make choices about their members' use of information from or about you, please visit  http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
In addition, some of the third parties that collect information from or about you from use of the Services in order to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This program offers a single location where users can make choices about the use of their information for ad targeting. To learn more, including how to opt-out, please visit  http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . We may also use Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow you to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen digital content ratings. To learn more about the information that Nielsen software may collect and your choices with regard to it, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy at http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy .
Your rights
You have the right under certain circumstances:
to be provided with a copy of your personal data held by us;
to request the rectification or erasure of your personal data held by us;
to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data (while we verify or investigate your concerns with this information, for example);
to object to the further processing of your personal data, including the right to object to marketing (as mentioned in 'Our promotional updates and communications'); and
to request that your provided personal data be moved to a third party.
You may opt out at any time from allowing further access by us to your location data by adjusting your browser settings if accessing the website from the web or adjusting your location settings if accessing our app from your device. You can also stop all information collection by our App by un-installing our App. You may use the standard un-install processes as may be available for your mobile device. This will not affect information collected about from other ways you use our Services.
Your right to withdraw consent
Where the processing of your personal information by us is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent without detriment at any time by contacting us. You can also change your marketing preferences at any time as described in 'Our promotional updates and communications' section.
You can also exercise the rights listed above at any time by contacting us at Tastemade Legal ( legal@tastemade.com ).
If your request or concern is not satisfactorily resolved by us, you may approach your local data protection authority, (see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.html ).
Modifying Your information or deleting information held by us
You can access and modify certain personal information associated with your account by editing the profile page in your account. If you want us to delete your personal information and your account, please contact us at  info@tastemade.com  with your request. We’ll take steps to delete your information as soon as is practicable, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
International transfer of data
Your personal information which we collect is sent to and stored on secure servers located in the United States and Ireland. Such storage is necessary in order to process the information.
The data that we collect about you may be transferred by us to our other offices and/or to the third parties mentioned in the circumstances described above, which may be situated outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and may be processed by staff operating outside the EEA. Data transferred to other countries concerned may not be subject to equivalent data protection laws to the EEA.
Where we transfer your personal information outside the EEA, we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is subject to appropriate safeguards, such as relying on a recognized legal adequacy mechanism, and that it is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Find Out More
In order to store it;
In order to enable us to provide goods or services to you and fulfil our contract with you.   This includes order fulfilment, processing of payment details, and the provision of support services;
Where we are legally required to do so; and
In order to facilitate the operation of our group of businesses, where it is in our legitimate interests and we have concluded these are not overridden by your rights.
We may transfer your personal information to the following countries outside the EEA:
United States Model clauses
Our policy towards Children
Protecting the safety of children when they use the Internet is important to us. The Services are intended for use only by persons who are at least 13 years of age. By using our Services, you confirm to us that you meet this requirement and that, if you are under the age of 18, you have received permission from your parent or guardian before using the Services or sending any personal information to us or anyone else online.
Changes to Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of such changes by posting them on the Services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “Last Updated Date” to indicate when such changes will become effective. Prior versions of this Privacy Policy are available at the bottom of this page.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 25, 2018.
Contact us
Please contact us at  info@tastemade.com  if you have any questions, concerns or comments about our Privacy Policy or requests concerning your personal information.  
