Here's how you know
The .gov means it's official.
Federal government websites often end in .gov or .mil. Before sharing sensitive information, make sure you're on a federal government site.
This site is secure.
The https:// ensures that you are connecting to the official website and that any information you provide is encrypted and transmitted securely.
MENU
Close
Search
Search
Search
What's on This Page
Ask companies how they will use your personal information.
Find out how your personal information will be stored and protected from hackers and data breaches .
Read the privacy policies from companies that you interact with. Don't assume that they will provide the level of privacy that you want.
Look for privacy statements on websites, sales materials, and forms that you fill out. 
Only provide the purchase date, model and serial numbers, and your contact information on warranty registration forms.
Opt-out if you do not want the company to share your personal information with other companies.
Find out if an organization offers free credit reports or credit monitoring, after a data breach.
Change your password for your email account and for a company's customer portal, if the company reports that they have had a data breach.
Be careful about the personal information that you post on social media. 
Pay with cash to keep your purchase behavior private.
Beware of using free Wi-Fi in a store. These networks may not be secured and retailers can access your apps and browsing activity. 
Disable cookies when shopping online to prevent companies from tracking your online browsing habits.
Check with your state or local consumer agency to find out whether state laws help protect your privacy. 
Personal information you give to your doctor is shared with insurance companies, pharmacies, researchers, and employers. Your health records are protected by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) , which:
Defines your health information rights
Sets rules and limits on who is allowed to receive and or see your health records
Protect Your Medical Privacy
Take steps to protect your health privacy:
Talk with your doctor about confidentiality concerns. 
Read the fine print on medical authorization forms. Check for clauses that allow your medical information to be released. 
Request a copy of your medical records so you know what's in them.
Report questions about medical privacy to the doctor, state office, or the Department of Health and Human Services.
Read the privacy policy on health websites, surveys,  and health screenings.
Report Medical Privacy Violations
File a complaint  with the Office of Civil Rights (OCR).
Call the Office for Civil Rights (OCR) for recorded information about filing complaints at 1-866-627-7748 (TDD: 1-800-537-7697 ).
Do you need help?
Ask us any question about the U.S. government for free. We'll get you the answer or tell you where to find it.
footer
