UPS: Careers Privacy Notice
We at United Parcel Service, Inc., along with our subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “UPS”), respect your concerns about privacy. This Careers Privacy Notice describes the types of personal information we collect on the UPS Careers websites (the “Careers Sites”), how we may use the information and with whom we may share it. The notice also describes the measures we take to safeguard the personal information. In addition, we tell you how you can ask us to (i) access or change the personal information we maintain about you, (ii) refrain from sending you certain communications, and (iii) answer questions you may have about our privacy practices.
Hiring Process
Individual and business contact information (such as name, physical address, email address, and telephone or fax number)
Prior addresses and length of time at each address
Username and password to access the Careers Sites
Citizenship and work authorization status
Driver's license number, driving history and other details about government-issued identification documents
Education history
Language proficiency
Other information about your qualifications
Requests for disability accommodations
If you apply for a U.S.-based position, you may provide information on your gender, race or ethnicity on a voluntary basis. UPS will not consider either this information or your choice to decline to provide it in evaluating your qualifications for employment with us. We may use this information to the extent necessary or appropriate for compliance with relevant legal or contractual obligations and for other internal purposes.
In addition, when you visit our Careers Sites, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies and web beacons. The information we collect in this manner includes IP address, browser characteristics, device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, information on actions taken on the sites, and dates and times of website visits. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. Through these automated collection methods, we obtain “clickstream data,” which is a log of content on which a visitor clicks while browsing a website. As the visitor clicks through the website, a record of the action may be collected and stored. We may link certain data elements we have collected through automated means, such as your browser information, with other information we have obtained about you to let us know, for example, whether you have opened an email we sent to you. We also may use third-party website analytics tools that collect information about visitor traffic on the Careers Sites. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of the Careers Sites.
The providers of third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins on the Careers Sites, such as third-party login services and Facebook “Like” buttons, also may use automated means to collect information regarding your interactions with these features. This information is subject to the privacy policies or notices of these providers.
We may use the information we obtain to:
Provide applicant support and respond to and communicate with you about your requests, questions and comments
Establish and manage your Careers Sites account
Evaluate you for available positions
Obtain background check information
Carry out our human resources functions and activities
Operate, evaluate and improve our business
Perform data analyses
Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities
Comply with applicable legal requirements and our policies
In addition, we use information collected online through cookies, web beacons and other automated means for purposes such as (i) customizing our users’ visits to our websites, (ii) delivering content tailored to our users’ interests and the manner in which our users browse our websites, and (iii) managing our business. We also use this information to help diagnose technical and service problems, administer our websites, identify users of our websites, and gather demographic information about our users. We use clickstream data to determine how much time users spend on web pages of our websites, which websites they come from, how users navigate through our websites, and how we may tailor our websites to better meet the needs of our users.
We also may use the information we obtain about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
You may see our ads on other websites based on your visits to the Careers Sites because we engage in retargeting. For example, if you view a particular position on the Careers Sites, you may see an ad for that position on a third-party website. Our retargeting is administered by third-party vendors that track your activity on the Careers Sites and third-party sites via automated means, such as cookies and web beacons. Accordingly, we and our third-party vendors may collect information about our visitors’ online activities, over time and across third-party websites. To learn about how to opt out of this retargeting, click here.
The Careers Sites are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals from browsers.
We do not sell or otherwise share personal information about you, except as described in this Careers Privacy Notice. We may share the personal information we obtain with our affiliates for the purposes described in this Careers Privacy Notice. We also share personal information with third parties who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. These third parties are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements.
Information collected through third-party apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins (such as information obtained through third-party login services or relating to your use of a Facebook “Like” button) is collected directly by the providers of these features. This information is subject to the privacy policies of the providers of the features, and UPS is not responsible for those providers’ information practices.
We also may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena), (ii) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation).
If you inquire about employment with UPS and provide personal information about yourself (such as your address, telephone number and Social Security number), UPS is legally obligated to maintain such information in accordance with applicable law, including the recordkeeping obligations established by the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission. Once your personal information is submitted to UPS, we will not be able to grant a subsequent request to delete such personal information from our systems during the legally required record retention period.
Stay Connected
