Contact Us
WHAT IS THE SCOPE OF THIS POLICY?
This policy applies to Hanna Andersson, LLC's ("Hanna" or "Hanna Andersson") treatment of personal information collected   through our website, mobile site or apps and when you submit personal information to Hanna via social media channels (“Sites”).   This policy also applies to personal information collected through offline interactions with Hanna, such as phone calls   with our customer service team and information you provide when you visit our retail stores or events.
This policy applies to "personal information," which means data that can be used to identify you individually.
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED?
Hanna collects two different types of information about you: First, you may provide us with certain personal information   when you interact with Hanna Andersson. Second, we collect certain data (including personal information) automatically   as you use the Sites.
a. Personal Information You Provide Directly
You may provide us with certain personal information when making a purchase (online, through the call center or at a store),   logging into your account, registering for an account, requesting a catalog, signing up for email updates, participating   in a survey, interacting with Hanna (via social media, chat, email or phone), and participating in our referral program.
The personal information you may provide us includes:
Name and contact information, such as mailing address, email address, and phone number
Birthday (month and day only) and gender
Number of children you have, and their age and gender
Photos, reviews, emails, chat content, and other feedback you submit
Passwords
Payment data
For registry owners, pregnancy status and expected due date of your child
Much of this information is optional. For example, when you purchase products from the Hanna Andersson website, you must   provide your name, email address, shipping/billing address, and payment card data, but you are not required to create an   account. When you check out as a guest, we use your personal information to fulfill your order, and otherwise as permitted   under this policy.
b. Information Collected Automatically
Certain information is collected automatically when you use our Sites. This information generally falls into these categories:
Purchase histories: We maintain a record of your past purchases
Device data: For example, when you visit our website, we collect your IP address. If you access our website from a mobile       device, we collect unique device IDs.
Location data: We collect location data, which helps us understand where our customers are located.
Interactions data: We maintain a record of your activity on our online Sites, including how you use our website, which       products you view, and which emails you receive. We also collect information about the site you visited before navigating       to our website.
We may connect information collected automatically with information we already have about you, so we can identify you as   a Hanna customer. For example, we may link your activity in a Hanna store to your use of the Hanna website. This allows   us to provide the best shopping experience possible. We examine metrics such as how you are shopping through our Services,   the performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts.
WHAT ARE COOKIES AND HOW DOES HANNA USE THEM?
Hanna and its trusted business partners employ technology features known as cookies and tags to understand how you interact   with our Sites and email messages. These are small snippets of code, pixels, or text files that are used to analyze how   you interact with our Sites and to display customized content and advertising. Cookies are stored by your browser on your   hard drive. Hanna does not save any password or credit card information in cookies. Hanna does place a unique identifier   in the cookie, which allows us to link your computer to the information we store in our database.
Our use of cookies allows us to provide a more personalized experience on our website, including remembering items placed   in your shopping cart for up to 14 days, emailing you with recommendations, auto-filling forms, and providing enhanced   online display advertising and other information tailored to your interests. Some cookies on our Site are “persistent”   and track a user's activity over time remain even after your session with our Site ends. We also place cookies on behalf   of third-party companies that collect information when you visit our Site. This information is used to serve you with ads   for our products and our partners' products that may interest you. These ads may appear on third-party websites.
Hanna uses both session cookies (which track a user's progression during one site visit) and persistent cookies (which   track a user over time). In addition, Hanna uses certain technologies, such as cross device tracking, for remarketing purposes.
All of this technology is used to deliver a more relevant and convenient experience for you. Certain tracking technologies   may not be disabled. However, you have the choice to refuse cookies by turning them off in your Internet browser. If you   choose not to accept cookies, you will not be able to purchase from the Hanna website or use other features of the Hanna   website. If you prefer, you may call Customer Service at 800-222-0544 to place your order.
DO-NOT-TRACK REQUESTS
Your Internet browser and mobile device may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that "do not track" requests are   sent to the websites you visit. Hanna does not respond to "do not track" requests at this time.
HOW IS MY INFORMATION USED?
Personal information that is collected is used in the following ways:
To confirm and process your order, and to maintain your purchase history.
To contact you regarding updates to your order, or to remind you about items left in your online shopping cart.
To provide the Sites.
To share the content you submit.
To send you information regarding website and product updates, special promotions, new store openings, etc. Marketing       information may be provided via mail or email.
To comply with regulatory requirements and internal policies for maintaining records.
To conduct internal reviews of our Sites and to help us better understand how you use our Sites.
To tailor our product offerings and marketing promotions and make your shopping experience more enjoyable and convenient.
To ensure that we've responded to your inquiries.
To protect the security and integrity of our Sites.
To comply with court orders and legal process, and to enforce our terms of Service and this Statement.
For any other legal, business or marketing purposes that are not inconsistent with the terms of this policy.
HOW WILL MY INFORMATION BE SHARED?
a. Service Providers
Hanna does not sell, rent or trade our customer email addresses with third parties for their own marketing purposes. However,   we may share your personal information with our third-party distributors, vendors, suppliers and other service providers   who provide services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Sites, performing analytics, marketing   or consulting services, assisting us with the preparation and mailing of our business and marketing communications, and   with order processing and fulfillment functions.
When you order a product, Hanna provides your name and mailing address (not your email address) to other reputable partner   companies who may send you mailings. If you do not wish for us to share this information with these companies, you can   add your name to our "Opt Out" list by sending us an email at customercarecenter@hannaAndersson.com or calling 800-222-0544. If you send an email, please be sure to provide your   name and mailing address in the message and include “Opt-out of Mailings” in the subject line.
b. Other Users
Where you choose to participate in certain activities through the Sites, your personal information may be posted publicly.   These activities are optional. For example:
If you submit a product review, the information you provide may be posted on the product page or other locations in accordance       with our Terms of Use.
When you use the hashtag #HANNAJAMS, #ILOVEMYHANNAS, or other Hanna-related hashtags on Instagram, your photo automatically       becomes part of the public gallery on our Site.
When you create a registry, your pregnancy status, due date, and other information you provide in connection with the       registry will be set to "private" by default (available only to those with a link). You can choose whether to make       your registry private or public.
c. Targeted Advertising
We contract with third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on our Site.   These third parties may use cookies to collect information about your Site visits, as described above. They may also use   information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements that are more relevant to you. These   targeted advertisements may appear on our Site or on other sites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected   through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. Other than IP addresses,   no personally identifiable information is collected in this process.
d. Analytics
Hanna uses Google Analytics to study how users interact with our Sites. To learn more about Google's privacy practices, visit   Google's Privacy & Terms.
Hanna may engage other analytics providers from time to time. These third parties may combine your information with the   information of other consumers for analytics purposes.
e. Transfer or Assignment in Connection with Business Transfers or Bankruptcy
In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy or other sale of all or a portion of our assets, any user   information owned or controlled by us may be among the assets transferred to third parties. As part of this type of transaction,   we reserve the right to transfer or assign your personal information to third parties. Other than to the extent ordered   by a bankruptcy or other court, or as otherwise agreed to by you, the use and disclosure of all transferred user information   will be subject to this policy. However, any information you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may   be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
f. Response to Subpoenas or Court Orders or to Protect Our Rights
We may disclose your information to government authorities or other third parties if:
you have given us permission to share your information;
we are required to do so by law, or in response to a subpoena or court order;
we believe in our sole discretion that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect against fraud, or to protect our       property or other rights or those of other users of the Sites, third parties or the public at large; or
we believe that you have abused a Service by using it to attack or gain unauthorized access to a system or to engage       in spamming or other conduct that violates applicable laws or Hanna's website terms of use.
g. Aggregate Information
We may share aggregate or de-identified information without restriction. While this information will not identify you personally,   in some instances, third parties may be able to combine this aggregate information with other data they have about you,   or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.
HOW DO I REVIEW OR UPDATE MY INFORMATION?
If you are a registered user, you may access your information by signing in and clicking on "My Account" at the top of the   page. You may make changes to your personal information, email preferences, and mailing preferences on this page. Be sure   to click the "Save" button to save your changes.
You can also contact customer service to access or make changes to your information by calling 800-222-0544 or sending   an email to customercarecenter@hannaAndersson.com .
HOW DO I OPT OUT?
If you wish to opt out of certain third-party tracking and targeting advertising practices, please see the instructions in   the sections above.
You may opt out of advertising provided directly by Hanna: If you do not wish to receive marketing correspondence (including   catalogs and emails), please email us at customercarecenter@hannaAndersson.com or call us at 800-222-0544. If you only wish to unsubscribe from emails, you   can click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email you received or change your email preferences in your account.   If you send an email to customer service, please be sure to include “Opt-Out” in the subject line and include your name,   address, and/or email address as it appears on the email or mailing you received from Hanna and indicate which list(s)   you would like to be removed from (email and/or mailing).
We maintain a "Do Not Mail" file to ensure we honor your "opt out" requests for print mailings. Please note that, since   mailings are planned in advance, it may take up to eight weeks for your print mailing "opt out" to become effective. If   you make purchases from our website, you will still receive order and shipping confirmation emails. In addition, customer   service may contact you by phone, email, or mail with questions related to your order.
HOW DOES HANNA PROTECT MY INFORMATION?
The security of your personal information is very important to Hanna, and we have implemented measures to ensure your information   is processed confidentially, accurately, and securely. Our website is PCI DSS compliant and uses SSL/TLS (Secure Sockets   Layer) technology to encrypt your order information, such as your name, address, and credit card number, during data transmission.   We use a third-party payment processor, which is also PCI DSS compliant.
The Hanna website also displays the Norton Secured seal, which indicates that the site has been authenticated by DigiCert,Inc.   and that confidential transactions with our site are secured by SSL/TLS encryption.
Our customer service center and stores also operate over a private, secure network.
HOW DOES HANNA PROTECT CHILDREN'S PRIVACY?
We at Hanna Andersson are concerned about the safety and security of children. All children's products we sell are for purchase   by adults only. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will never knowingly request personally   identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. If we become aware   that an individual is under the age of 13 has provided personal information to Hanna Andersson, for any purpose without   prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files.
WHAT IF THERE ARE CHANGES MADE TO THIS POLICY?
Hanna Andersson may make updates to this policy from time to time. Any updates that are made will be posted on this page   at least 30 days before such updates become effective. We encourage customers to periodically review this policy to stay   informed about how we collect, use, and protect customer information.
HOW DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO SITES LINKED WITH THE HANNA WEBSITE?
Please note that this Privacy Statement applies only to our Sites and not to any third-party websites, even where our Sites   may contain links to those other websites. We strongly recommend you review the privacy policies of any third-party sites   you visit to understand the data collection and use practices of that third party.
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
THANKS FOR SIGNING UP!
OOPS!
It looks like this email already exists, but you can still get great savings!
OOPS!
Something went wrong, please refresh the page and try again.
Submit
Refer a friend
Our Unconditional Guarantee
If you’re unhappy with a product at any time for any reason, just bring or send it back to us, and we’ll refund the purchase price or replace the item. It’s as simple as that.
