Thank you for visiting ServiceArizona and reviewing our Privacy Policy. This policy is designed to inform our customers about the services that are available through ServiceArizona, how certain information may be collected and/or used as a result of you visiting our web site or requesting services online, and what steps we are taking to ensure the security of customer data.
Your rights to privacy are of utmost importance to the Arizona Department of Transportation/Motor Vehicle Division (MVD) and its partner, IBM Corp. It is our desire to earn your trust and confidence when you conduct business with us via the Internet.
Which ServiceArizona application you have used; and
The date and time of your access.
None of the above information is shared, sold, or otherwise disseminated by ServiceArizona. Again, we do not automatically record any information about you as an individual.
Please be aware that if your Internet browser is configured to refuse or disable "cookies," your ability to view our web pages will be unaffected, but you will not be able to take advantage of any of our online services and will instead have to transact business with MVD either in person or by mail.
ServiceArizona uses Google AdWords, which uses a conversion tracking cookie (also called a "conversion pixel") whenever you click on a ServiceArizona ad delivered by Google. These cookies become ineffective after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. If you visit specific pages of our website, Google and ServiceArizona can track whether you were forwarded to that page by clicking on one of our ads.
Data obtained through use of conversion cookies are used for statistical reporting only: these statistics tell us the total number of users who clicked on the ad delivered by Google and opened a webpage having a conversion tracking tag. We do not however receive any information allowing personal identification of users from Google. We are unable to cross-reference the data obtained to any specific user.
Information about how to opt out of Google Adwords can be found on the Google Ads Settings web page.
When applying for services through ServiceArizona, you will be required to enter certain personal information, such as your name, home address, birth date, driver's license or identification card number, and credit card number. For each online transaction, we ask for no more than the information required to process that transaction. The questions posed are similar to those you would be asked during an in-person visit to an MVD office or through the mail. Only those MVD and IBM employees who need your information in order to provide the services offered on this web site are given access to such information.
Please be assured that the personal information you disclose to us online will be held in the strictest confidence while ServiceArizona processes your transaction and will not be shared, sold, or otherwise disseminated to any outside person or entity, except as required or authorized by law. With only limited exceptions, the privacy of your personal information is protected by the Federal Driver's Privacy Protection Act 18 U.S.C. 2721-2725, as well as Title 28, Chapter 2, Article 5 of the Arizona Revised Statutes and, unless you specifically give us your consent by checking the consent box which appears on our online service applications before a transaction can be completed, we are not permitted to provide or disclose such information to unauthorized persons or entities.
However, because some of the information submitted to MVD (either through ServiceArizona or directly) is potentially subject to release under Arizona's Public Records Law, the agency may be required to divulge certain information in response to a lawful public records request or in response to a warrant, subpoena, or other court order. When necessary, we may also disclose personal information to law enforcement officials if there is reason to believe that the disclosure of such information is required to identify, contact, or bring legal action against an individual who attempts to perpetrate a fraud against, or gain unauthorized access to the ServiceArizona web site.
In order to improve our services, we ask that you take a moment to give us feedback through our "User Survey." The survey is anonymous. Information collected through the survey is used solely to evaluate the ease of use of this site and to determine possible future enhancements.
If you elect to use ServiceArizona's "Contact Us" feature, an email address will be required in order for us to respond to your inquiries. We maintain the privacy of any personally identifiable information, such as your email address received through the "Contact Us" feature to the same extent as otherwise described in this policy.
ServiceArizona's Privacy Policy may be updated or revised from time to time, so please check back with us periodically in order to receive advance notice of any substantive changes to the manner in which the information you disclose on this web site may be collected, used, or disseminated.
Neither the State of Arizona, nor any State agency, officer, employee, or contractor warrants the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of the information contained on the ServiceArizona web site, portions of which may be inaccurate or outdated. Any person or entity that relies on such information does so at his or her own risk.
Transactions cannot be performed during the scheduled maintenance periods:
Between 11:50 PM and 12:10 AM daily; and
Between midnight and 2:00 AM each Sunday.
Phoenix:
Elsewhere (800)324-5425
