mscripts Privacy Policy
mscripts’ Privacy Policy
The mscripts’ Privacy Policy describes the personal information that we collect from you, how we use that personal information, and to whom we disclose it. Because the mscripts’ Service operates in conjunction with the pharmacy services provided to you by the pharmacy from whom you purchase your prescriptions (“Pharmacy”), you are also subject to the Notice of Privacy Practices of your Pharmacy, and you should review the Pharmacy’s website for the applicable Notice of Privacy Practices. Please see https://account.gianteagle.com/privacypolicy for the related Giant Eagle Notice of Privacy Practices.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
When you register for the Service, we collect certain personal information that you submit to us for your registration, including your name, date of birth, mobile phone number, email address, and a prescription number. When you use the Service, you may submit additional information to us about the prescriptions and refills you are ordering. Your Pharmacy also provides mscripts with personal information about you, including your prescription and insurance information, demographic information and historical data about your prescriptions. For example, your Pharmacy provides us with information about your prescriptions in order that the mscripts Service can send you a refill reminder.
Some of the information that you or your Pharmacy submit to mscripts, such as information about your prescriptions, may be Protected Health Information (“PHI”) protected by the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”). For your own security and privacy you should not submit to mscripts any PHI that is not necessary for us to receive in order to provide the Service to you.
We may also collect certain technical data related to your use of the Service, including your IP address, the App pages and web pages you select as you navigate through the Service, your location and language, the operating system and browser for your device, and the identity of your network providers. We use third party service providers, such as Google Analytics, to analyze the operation of the Service. The manner in which Google collects and uses data in providing its analytics is described here: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . mscripts may also use cookies to recognize Users. You may be able to configure your browser or device to reject cookies, but if you do so it may affect your ability to use the Service.
How Do We Use the Personal Information We Collect?
We use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
to provide the Service to you. For example, we use your personal information to send you refill reminders and notifications and then to notify your Pharmacy when you indicate that you want to refill a prescription;
to communicate with you by sending you periodic texts, push messages, or e-mails informing you of technical or service issues related to a service you requested. You may unsubscribe yourself from these messages as described in the “Unsubscribe” paragraph below, but please note that they are considered an essential part of the service you have chosen and you may miss important information as a result.
to improve our Services. In particular, we analyze the technical data we collect about use of the Service to understand how Users are using the Service and to improve it.
to create aggregate-level data that we may publish in reports and marketing materials about the Service (“Aggregated Data”). Aggregated Data does not identify any individual User or User personal information. An example of Aggregated Data would be a finding that, says, “81% of mscripts Users with a refill prescription for [Drug X] refilled the prescription.”
We may use general information we have collected from third parties and associate it with your personal information in order to provide the Service to you. For example, we obtain data about prescription drugs from third party data providers. We may associate that prescription drug information with the listing of prescription drugs you are taking, and we may use that information to provide you with additional information about the medications prescribed for you and assist in providing medication adherence programs to you.
If you electronically consent to receive marketing messages from mscripts or to participate in a drug adherence program, we will use your personal information to send you marketing messages and to send you the messages that form part of the adherence program.
We use the technical data and cookies that we collect and use to operate, analyze and improve the Service.
When Do We Disclose Your Personal Information?
We do not disclose the personal information we collect about you to any third party without your permission, other than under the limited exceptions listed in this Privacy Policy:
We may disclose your personal information to your Pharmacy for the purposes of providing the Service, as well as in the event of an emergency.
We may disclose personal information to mscripts’ service providers and affiliated companies to the extent reasonably necessary to provide the Service to you. For example, if you request support from mscripts for a technical problem with your use of the App or Service, your support call may be handled by an mscripts’ affiliated company that will have access to your information as necessary to help you. Any service providers or affiliates who receive personal information have agreed in writing to keep the information confidential and to use it only to provide services to mscripts.
If the business of mscripts is acquired by a third party, such as in a merger, asset sale or other corporate transaction, your personal information will be transferred to the buyer. The buyer will be required to comply with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information.
 
Do Not Track Disclosure
mscripts does not track Users’ behavior across third party applications or web pages that Users access before or after using the Service, and so does not respond to a “Do Not Track” signal. No third parties, other than your Pharmacy, may track your behavior when using the Service.
mscripts’ Security Standards
mscripts uses reasonable industry standard security practices designed to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. To the extent your personal information constitutes PHI protected under HIPAA, mscripts protects PHI in accordance with the security standards required for business associates under HIPAA. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country where mscripts, its subsidiaries, affiliates or agents are located.
Marketing
As part of the service, you may receive SMS (Text), push, or email messages or in-app notifications regarding Giant Eagle products, services, and complimentary goods.
Updating Your Personal Information
You may update and correct your telephone number or email address at any time through the App or by contacting mscripts at gianteaglerx@mscripts.com or (866)-530-6978.
Unsubscribing from the Service or from Marketing Messages
You may unsubscribe from receipt of text messages at any time by texting STOP in reply to any text message from mscripts.
You may unsubscribe from push-type messages and emails through the preference page of the App.
You may deregister from the Service at any time by contacting the mscripts support desk by email or telephone.
Modifications to this Privacy Policy
mscripts may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If mscripts makes any material changes to this Privacy Policy, it will send you a notice with a link to the modified Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the revised Privacy Policy, you may unsubscribe from the Service. If you continue to use the Service after the effective date of the change, you will be deemed to have agreed to the modified Privacy Policy.
Effect of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy forms part of, and is hereby incorporated into, the mscripts Terms of Service.
Effective Date
