Search form
Search ICE.gov
Search ICE.gov
Main Menu
ICE consists of three directorates to accomplish the agency’s mission, including Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), Enforcement and Removal Operations (ERO) and Management and Administration (M&A).
What We Do
ICE's primary mission is to promote homeland security and public safety through the criminal and civil enforcement of federal laws governing border control, customs, trade and immigration.
ICE’s top 5 news stories from the past week
Catch up on ICE’s most popular news stories from the week ending March 25, 2016
Share
The Office of Information Governance and Privacy (IGP) oversees the management, sharing, protection, and access to ICE data, and ensures the information ICE maintains meets legal and policy requirements. The Office’s components include the Records Office, the Privacy Office and the Information Governance Office.
The ICE Privacy Office sustains privacy protections and the transparency of government operations while supporting the ICE mission. Privacy is the concept that personal information about individuals should be respected and properly safeguarded as required by federal law and policy.
The ICE Records Office is responsible for the development and implementation of Records and Information Management (RIM) procedures and policies. Records and information management is the systematic application of management principles, chiefly control, to the recorded information needed and used in the normal course of an agencies business. These RIM policies and procedures will have a positive impact on ICE operations by helping programs comply with the Federal Records Act.
The ICE Information Governance Office’s mission is to create value from ICE’s data and promote the use of data as a strategic asset.  The Office ensures the production of high quality data by using data governance and risk management protocols.  The Office develops and executes the agency’s enterprise data strategy and promotes the effective use of data for statistical and analytic reporting.  The office is led by the ICE Chief Data Officer, who reports to the Assistant Director for Information Governance and Privacy.
Mission
The Office's mission is to ensure the integrity and usability of the agency's records and data, and that individual privacy is protected.
Lyn Rahilly
Assistant Director
Ms. Rahilly implements policies, procedures and initiatives that foster public trust in ICE by protecting personal privacy and enhancing the integrity and usability of personal data held by the agency. She is responsible for ICE's compliance with federal privacy and records laws, ensuring that information sharing policies and agreements provide appropriate protections for personal information, and training agency personnel on their information handling responsibilities.
Prior to her position as assistant director, Ms. Rahilly was on assignment to the FBI, serving as the privacy and civil liberties officer and special assistant to the director of the U.S. Terrorist Screening Center (TSC). Among other responsibilities, she oversaw privacy and civil liberties issues. Ms. Rahilly established TSC's first privacy compliance program and the interagency redress process for persons submitting complaints about the terrorist watch list. She also provided counsel and advice on appropriate collection and use of personal data and responded to public, media and Congressional inquiries pertaining to privacy.
Ms. Rahilly has also served as deputy privacy officer and assistant chief counsel for information law at the Transportation Security Administration, and as an attorney at the U.S. Department of the Treasury and the U.S. Department of Labor.
 
