Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email .
Analytics Cookies:
We use Google Analytics to help us improve the site. Nothing specifically about YOU – just combined data from everyone.
For example; "Everyone likes the Duck Race, we'll make another Race Timer!".
We offer a cookie to our Premium Users; you can OPTIONALLY set a cookie to remember you. This means you don't have to log in each time you visit the site. When you log in – the option is a: "Remember me" check box.
You can find out more about cookies here:
Advertising Cookies:
We use Google AdSense for our advertising, which requires cookies to work.
Non-EU Visitors – cookies are used to show you personalised adverts based on the sites you've visited and your interests.
EU Visitors – only non-personalised adverts will be shown – and only cookies needed to make the service work are used – not related to your privacy.
You can change your Google AdSense advert preferences here:
Other Privacy Information:
We use a secure 256bit SSL certificate and use Cloudflare for speed and security!
Regular site users:
Apart from the cookies mentioned above, we don’t ask for – or store any personal information about you.
Premium site users:
Apart from the cookies mentioned above, we store the data you submit (your settings, options, lists) in a secure database. Only the data you want is stored. This can be reviewed, edited, deleted by you at any time.
User Data:
You need to read and agree to our User Data Terms - it explains how we store non-personal data you upload to the site.
Contacting Us:
If you contact us – we do not share your email address or details with anyone.
Changes to Privacy Policy:
We may, at any time, change this Privacy Policy with or without notice. Any modification will be effective immediately. Your continued use of our site and services constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
Home - Go Back to the Home Page... :-)
Countdown Timer - The Countdown Timer part split out, just for you.
Large Stopwatch - Use the Stopwatch in FULL SCREEN. Great for meetings, classrooms, conferences, schools, anywhere really... :-)
Bomb Countdown - Watch the fuse go down.
Clock Countdown - It goes round and round.
Chess Clock - A free online Chess Clock
Chess Timer - Clock goes UP, Timer goes Down. Simple!
Online Clock - An Online Clock! Full Screen and Clear
Online Alarm Clock - An Online Alarm Clock! Easy To Use and Very School Like!
Online Digital Clock - An Online Digital Clock! Why? You Wanted It! Change the Color, 12 Hour or 24 Hour.
Cash Clock - Time is Money! So get it right - with our new Cash Clock!
Interval Timer - Make your own routines, and save them!
Metronome - Keep the beat with our easy to use Metronome!
Stay On Top App - Download a Stopwatch and Countdown timer that stays on top of all open windows.
Make Your Own Timer! - Make your own custom countdown timer or ticker until any date!
Custom Countdown - Change the sounds and more... :-)
Classroom Timers - Fun Timers for classrooms and meetings :-)
Holiday Timers - More Fun Timers - But these are Holiday Themed! :-)
Talking Clock - Our Talking Clock is great for keeping track of the time!
Video Timers - A Clock or Countdown with a video background. Great to Relax or Sleep!
Clocks - Try our range of clocks - talking, fun, just a choice of clocks!
Dates - Countdown to important dates and birthdays around the world!
Download - Download the Online Stopwatch Application for your PC or MAC.
Timer - Set a Timer from 1 second to over a year! Big screen countdown
Random Name/Number Pickers and Generators - Probably the BEST random Name and Number Generators online! All Free and easy to use :-)
Try Our...
