We vigilantly guard the privacy of our respondents.
IntelliSurvey is committed to protecting the privacy of survey participants. We strictly adhere to the standards and ethics policy of the Council of American Survey Research Organizations (“CASRO”), posted online at http://www.insightsassociation.org/issues-policies/casro-code-standards-and-ethics . We perform market research for our clients, who use the results for a variety of business purposes. Survey results may help our clients better understand respondent preferences, use, and preferences for various products and services. Other clients use the survey results to measure social attitudes and public opinion on political and social issues. We combine all participants’ survey responses and report aggregate results to our clients. We do not disclose the identity of individual survey responses, unless the respondent requests or permits such disclosure.
Confidentiality of Personal Information
We keep each respondent’s survey responses confidential. Also, we will never sell, share, rent or otherwise intentionally transfer a respondent’s personal information to our clients, other market research companies, direct marketing companies or anyone else, unless the respondent has won a sweepstakes we sponsored, in which case we may disclose the winner’s contact information with the winner’s consent.
Internet Policies
We abide by the highest standards of privacy. Specifically:
We never intentionally “spam” Internet users to seek their participation in surveys. We will only send e-mail invitations to those we believe have agreed to receive such invitations through prior, independent communications.
Every invitee may “opt-out” of that survey, and not be contacted again.
We maintain a high level of security to prevent outside parties from having access to information electronically transmitted to us by you.
Although we may use cookies to facilitate some surveys, cookies gather no data other than survey responses or flags to indicate participation in certain surveys.
We never knowingly invite children to participate in research studies without taking measures to ensure appropriate parental consent.
U.S. – E.U. and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Privacy Statement
IntelliSurvey complies with the U.S.-E.U. Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. IntelliSurvey has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement.
For further information about our privacy policy, please contact us. This privacy policy will remain posted on our website and accessible from a link on our home page at https://www.intellisurvey.com/ .
© IntelliSurvey 2018 - All Rights Reserved
