Privacy Policy
Website is owned and operated by Invest India
Personal Data collected and held in order to provide a better service to you. We may collect, store and use the following kinds of information:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation);
Information that you provide to us for the purposes of using our website services (including your name, contact details, company name, email, telephone and fax numbers, a record of our contact with you and your areas of interest e.g. sectors, events, publications, etc.)
Any other information that you choose to send to us.
 
Using your Personal Information:
 
Administer the website.
Enable your use of the information available on the website;
Send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
Send you our communications, publications, newsletter, invitations relating to our activities and such like as you may select, request or as we may consider being may be of interest to you, by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (and you can choose to ‘opt-out’ of these mailings by informing us at any time if you no longer require communications);
To provide services or information to facilitate companies to set up or expand their business operation in India;
To measure the success of specific campaigns and for general market research; and for registration for events;
Provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
Deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website;
Keep the website secure and prevent fraud;
 
 Security and Retention of Personal Data:
We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
We will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password and firewall-protected) servers.
Only authorised people have access to, custody of and the means of using personal data Invest India collects.
Invest India retains personal data so long as the data are still required for the purposes mentioned above.
You acknowledge that the transmission of information over the Internet is not inherently secure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the Internet.
 
Cookies:
We may use both "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies on the website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We will use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website.
We will use the persistent cookies to enable our website to recognise you when you visit and keep track of your preferences in relation to your use of our website.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users' computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google's privacy policy is available at: www.google.com/privacypolicy.html .
 
Disclosures:
We may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers or agents, insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.
In addition, we may disclose your personal information:
To the extent that we are required to do so by law;
In connection with any on-going or prospective legal proceedings;
In order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;
 
Policy Amendments:
 
Your Rights:
 
Third Party Websites:
 
Updating Information/ Contacting Us:
If the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated or if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please contact us through email at contact@investindia.org.in .
Get in touch
 contact@investindia.org.in
 +91-11-23048155
Please drop an email or call us, our representative will connect with you soon.
Follow Us
