Privacy Policy
At The Animal Rescue Site Blog, we value your privacy. We do not wish to send emails, make Facebook posts or share our content with anybody who does not wish to receive it. If you need help being removed from any communication channel, please email us . Please read below for more details.
The Animal Rescue Site Blog is a blog-format website which posts inspirational articles. Some of the content (videos or images for example), may be embedded from a 3rd-party source like YouTube but our commentary on these articles is unique. We aim to give full credit for resources used and will always comply with any and all copyright laws. If you feel a piece of content has been used without permission, with incorrect credit, or we are using your open-source content, please contact us at and we will correct this matter.
Facebook Fan Page
The Animal Rescue Site maintains a Facebook Fan page . If you want to remove yourself from the page or wish to quit receiving our inspirational posts, simply visit the page and click the “unlike” link at the bottom of the left column.
Advertising & Cookies
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on love.theanimalrescuesite.com. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to love.theanimalrescuesite.com and other sites on the Internet.
More About Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send the advertisements and links that appear on The Animal Rescue Site Blog directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see. The Animal Rescue Site Blog has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Re-Targeting
The Animal Rescue Site Blog partners with a third party ad network to both display advertising on our own Web sites and to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests, and to provide you relevant advertising through retargeting when you leave the site. If you do not want this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out . Please note that this does not opt you out of being served advertising – generic ads will continue to appear.
The Animal Rescue Site Blog constantly uses aggregate and non-personally recognizable data about our customers both internally and using external providers, including Facebook and Google, to try to understand customer concerns and provide better products and promotions. We segment our data and email lists by issue area of concern, and also by type of product purchased, recency, frequency, and monetary value of purchase, which charitable gifts have been given, and other demographic and geographic data.
We don’t sell or rent our email lists. We do use our email lists to create profiles of our shoppers and clickers in order to market to similar people. We use outside groups, including Facebook, to help us in this effort, but we don’t allow outside groups to contact our shoppers or customers. These contractors help us create profiles of our shoppers, so we can market to similar people on other sites. This marketing is subject to the privacy policies of whatever site we are buying these ads on, and is not subject to our privacy policies.
We will use information that we have about your shopping or clicking behavior to provide you better quality offers and promotions, and to help us understand and serve our customers better.
Sign up for news and offers!
Let us keep you informed and we’ll give you a FREE gift (you get to choose!).
We’ll vaccinate a shelter animal if you’re a first-time subscriber to our family of websites!
Enter email address
Proper ARS animalrescuesite_sticky_1
Proper ARS animalrescuesite_oop
