Privacy Policy
0 Shares
The following terms (“Terms of Use”) constitute an agreement between Blue Glass Jar, Inc (“Blue Glass Jar”), and you that governs your use of this website and all of its associated services, content, and functionality. This policy applies to the website administered by Blue Glass Jar, Inc (“Website”), located at https://twosleevers.com/ .
Your use of the Website constitutes your acceptance of, and agreement to, the following Terms of Use. Blue Glass Jar reserves the right to modify, alter, amend or update its Website, policies and these Terms of Use. These Terms of Use are subject to change without notice. If you do not agree with or do not accept any part of these Terms of Use, you must not use the Website.
PURCHASE POLICIES
On the Website, you may purchase ebooks written by Urvashi Pitre (the “Books”).
 Refund Policy
Because the Books are immediately downloaded in electronic format, no refunds are available.
LICENSE FOR USE OF BOOKS
The Books available for sale on the Website were developed solely for your personal use and may not be reproduced for publication or for the personal or commercial use of others without permission.
PRIVACY POLICY
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?
Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website: The Website may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form.
Information We Collect from Others: The Website may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you use a third-party software through the site, they may transfer information to us for fulfillment.
Automatically-Collected Information: The Website automatically collects certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, the Website will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. The Website may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.
Cookies: The Website may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. The Website may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
The Website may use the information collected in the following ways:
To operate and maintain the Website;
For order fulfillment;
To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
To respond to your comments or inquiries;
To provide you with user support;
To track and measure advertising on the Website; or,
To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Website may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information. Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers to service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies. The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
MailerLite– this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. MailerLite stores your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.
Mediavine – this service is used to manage our display advertisements. To provide personalized advertising options, Mediavine may track your IP address or location. This information is not stored on the Website.
Influencer Networks – from time to time, as described herein, the Website may post sponsored content which contains tracking pixels for networks. These tracking pixels may capture information such as your IP address to evaluate the effectiveness of the marketing campaigns. This information is not stored on the Website.
WooCommerce – the Website uses WooCommerce to host its ecommerce application. When orders are placed through WooCommerce, the Website will store information about the purchase, including your name, address, email address, IP address and location. This information is used for order fulfillment. You may automatically receive certain correspondence from us related to your order, but your purchase will not automatically add you to any marketing email lists.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.
Except when required by law, Blue Glass Jar will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, Blue Glass Jar may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
ANONYMOUS DATA
From time to time, Blue Glass Jar may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone, or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies.
COOKIES
The Website uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein.
Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies, by the Website, by using a corresponding setting of your internet browser and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate the setting of cookies in your Internet browser, not all functions of our Website may be entirely usable.
ADVERTISING
Display Ads
The Website uses Mediavine to manage all third-party advertising on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use cookies. Mediavine may collect IP addresses and location to serve personalized ads. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
Retargeting Ads
From time to time, the Website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to market the Website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Website.
Sponsored Content Tracking Pixels
This Website may engage in sponsored campaigns with various influencer networks, brands, and agencies. All sponsored content is duly disclosed in accordance with the FTC’s requirements. From time to time, these sponsored campaigns utilize tracking pixels (aka web beacons), which may contain cookies to collect data regarding usage and audience. This information is collected by the sponsoring company to track the results of the campaign. As stated above, these pixels may capture your IP address on behalf of the content sponsor. No personally identifiable information collected by the Website is used in conjunction with these tracking pixels.
Affiliate Program Participation
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
Blue Glass Jar, Inc is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com.  As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
Newsletters
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, Blue Glass Jar may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows Blue Glass Jar to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at [email protected] to be removed from our mailing list.
Access – You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to [email protected] .
Amend – You may contact us at [email protected] to amend or update your personal information.
Forget – In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to [email protected] .
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at [email protected] and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
AFFILIATE MARKETING
From time to time, the Website may engage in affiliate marketing. This means that if you use an affiliate link to make a purchase, the Website will receive a commission on that purchase. All efforts are made to ensure that affiliate links are disclosed in accordance with the FTC.
FTC DISCLOSURE
From time to time, the Website may post sponsored content from an advertiser. This means that an advertiser, which may be a brand, agency, or influencer network, will contract with Blue Glass Jar to create content featuring certain messages or product placement. Pursuant to the FTC’s requirements, all such advertisements on the Website are clearly and conspicuously disclosed.
Even though compensation (e.g., cash, free product, or services) is received for in exchange for this sponsored content placement, Blue Glass Jar gives its honest opinion, findings, believes, or experiences in such content. All views expressed on the Website are those of the content creator. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider, or party in question.
GENERAL DISCLAIMER
Blue Glass Jar has made every effort to ensure that all information on the Website has been tested for accuracy. Blue Glass Jar makes no guarantees regarding the results that you will see from using the information provided on the Website.
CONTENT DISCLAIMERS
The Website publishes content with recipes. All such recipes have been tried and used successfully, but results may vary from person to person. Consult your medical professional before using any recipe if you have concerns about how you may individually react to the use of any particular recipe or ingredient. By voluntarily creating and using any recipe provided here, you assume the risk of any potential injury that may result.
All information provided regarding nutrition on the Website is intended to be used for informational purposes only. Content related to nutrition is not medical advice nor is it intended to replace medical advice. The Website is not intended to diagnose, prescribe, or treat any disease, condition, illness, or injury. Before beginning any diet program, modifying your diet, or making changes to the diet of a child in your care, including following the nutrition information available on the Website, you should seek advice from a licensed professional.
We are not responsible for any liability, loss, or damage, caused or alleged to be caused directly or indirectly as a result of the use, application, or interpretation of the nutrition information available on the Website.
The Food and Drug Administration has not evaluated the statements contained in any information on the Website. Individual results may vary.
YOUR RESPONSIBILITY
The Website was developed strictly for informational purposes. You understand and agree that you are fully responsible for your use of the information provided on the Website. Blue Glass Jar makes no representations, warranties or guarantees. You understand that results may vary from person to person. Blue Glass Jar assumes no responsibility for errors or omissions that may appear in the Website.
USE OF THE WEBSITE
Unless otherwise stated, Blue Glass Jar owns the intellectual property and rights to all content and material on the Website. Subject to the license below, all intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download (for caching purposes only), and print pages for your personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these Terms of Use.
The following uses are not permitted:
Republication of content from the Website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for republication;
Sale, rental or sub-license of any content from the Website;
Reproduction or duplication of any content on the Website for commercial purposes;
Modification of any content on this website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for modification;
Redistribution of content of the Website, unless content is specifically and expressly made available for redistribution. Users are permitted to share content on social media channels, as long as a link to the Website is included.
From time to time, the Website will utilize various plugins or widgets to allow sharing of content via social media channels, email or other methods. Use of these plugins or widgets does not constitute any waiver of Blue Glass Jar’s intellectual property rights. Such use is a limited license to republish the content on the approved social media channels, with full credit to Blue Glass Jar.
You must not use the Website in a way that causes, or may cause, damage to the Website or impair the availability of access to the Website. You must not decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or otherwise reduce the Website, except to the extent that such activity is expressly permitted by applicable law. You must not use the Website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material that consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit and/or other harmful code or malicious software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities, including, but not limited to scraping, data mining, data extraction or data harvesting on or in relation to the Website without Blue Glass Jar’s express written permission.
You must not use the Website to transmit or send any unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use the Website for any third-party marketing without Blue Glass Jar’s express written permission.
COPYRIGHT
Unless otherwise noted, the design, content and all components of the Website are copyrights owned by Blue Glass Jar or third parties and are protected by United States and international copyright laws and should not be reused or republished without express written permission.
TRADEMARKS
Blue Glass Jar’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Blue Glass Jar, in any manner likely to cause confusion among consumers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits twosleevers or Blue Glass Jar, Inc.
From time to time, the Website will legally utilize trademarks owned by third parties related to Blue Glass Jar’s services. These trademarks are the respective property of their owners.
GRANT OF RIGHTS
You grant Blue Glass Jar a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute any content you contribute to the Website. This includes, but is not limited to, text, images, audio material, comments, video material and audio-visual material. This license extends to all known and future media. You also grant Blue Glass Jar the right to sub-license these rights and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
CONTENT CONTRIBUTED TO THE WEBSITE
Any content you contribute to the site, including, but not limited to text, images, audio material, comments, video material and audio-visual material, must not be illegal or unlawful, may not infringe on any third-party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Blue Glass Jar or a third party.
Blue Glass Jar reserves the right to edit or remove: (i) any material submitted to the Website; (ii) stored on Blue Glass Jar servers; or, (iii) hosted or published on the Website. Blue Glass Jar takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
Notwithstanding Blue Glass Jar’s rights under the Terms of Use, Blue Glass Jar does not undertake to monitor the submission of all content to, or the publication of such content on, the Website.
TAKEDOWN REQUESTS
From time to time, the Website will publish posts with images from other third-party websites. Any such use is intended considered fair use under copyright laws and is fully attributed to the owner. If you believe that your copyrighted work has been used on the Website in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and falls outside of fair use, please send a request to [email protected] and we will remove the image within 24 to 48 hours.
COMMUNICATION
If you send Blue Glass Jar an email, register to use the Website or provide your email to Blue Glass Jar in any other way, you consent to receive communications from Blue Glass Jar electronically. You agree that all legal notices provided via electronic means from Blue Glass Jar satisfy any requirement for written notice.
THIRD PARTIES
The Website contains links to third-party websites that are not governed or controlled by Blue Glass Jar. You represent and warrant that you have read and agree to be bound by all applicable Terms of Use and policies for any third-party website that relates to your use of the Website. Blue Glass Jar assumes no control or liability over the content of any third-party sites. You expressly hold harmless Blue Glass Jar from any and all liability related to your use of a third-party website.
Prior to engaging in any events or commercial transactions with any third parties discovered through or linked on the Website, you must complete any necessary investigation or due diligence. If there is a dispute for any events or commercial transactions with a third party discovered through or linked on the Website, you expressly hold Blue Glass Jar harmless from any and all liability in any dispute.
NO WARRANTIES
The Website is provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis without any representations or warranties, expressed or implied. Blue Glass Jar makes no representations or warranties in relation to the Website or the information and materials provided therein.
Blue Glass Jar makes no warranty the Website will meet your requirements; will be available uninterrupted; timely and free of viruses or bugs; or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the Website. Blue Glass Jar is not responsible to you for the loss of any content or material uploaded or transmitted through the Website. The Website is written in English and makes no warranty regarding translation or interpretation of content in any language.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
BLUE GLASS JAR WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, HOWEVER CAUSED, INCLUDING LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE, DATA OR USE, INCURRED BY YOU, WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), WARRANTY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Blue Glass Jar, its members, employees, officers, directors, managers and agents harmless from and against any and all losses, claims, suits, actions, liabilities, obligations, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) which Blue Glass Jar suffers as a result of third-party claims based on: (i) your negligence or intentional misconduct, (ii) your breach of any provision of the Terms of Use (including representation or warranty); (iii) materials prepared or provided by you including, but not limited to, any claims of infringement, or misappropriation of copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, or other intellectual property or proprietary right, infringement of the rights of privacy or publicity, or defamation or libel; or (iv) death, personal injury, or property damage arising out of, or relating to, your obligations hereunder.
ARBITRATION
The Terms of Use will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the Terms of Use, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) under its Commercial Arbitration Rules, and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The place of any such arbitration shall be in or near Tarrant County, Texas. The parties also agree that the AAA Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection shall apply to the proceedings.
MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS
If any provision(s) of the Terms of Use is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall be severable and enforceable. If a provision is excessively broad, such a provision shall be limited or reduced in scope so as to be enforceable.
The Terms of Use may not be assigned by you without Blue Glass Jar’s prior written consent, however, the Terms of Use may be assigned by Blue Glass Jar in its sole discretion.
The Terms of Use are the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with respect to the Website offered by Blue Glass Jar.
 
Send me free recipes!
Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our newsletter. Get ready for deliciousness!
Send me free recipes!
I consent to www.twosleevers.com collecting and storing my data from this form.
Subscribe
 
Copyright (c) TwoSleevers 2012-2018
