Header Right
Main navigation
(Last modified:  April 18, 2018)
This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy“ or “Policy”) governs the data collection practices by us, Cortex Media Group Ltd (“Company” or “we” or “us”), while you (“you” or “yours” or “user”) access and use our website.
This Privacy Policy provides important and transparent disclosures on how or why we collect, share and use our users’ data. Our users’ privacy is important to us therefore we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy carefully prior to accessing or using our Website and use it to make informed decisions. By using or accessing the Website, you hereby agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any use or continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement and consent to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy constitutes an integral part of our terms of use . Definitions herein shall have the same meaning as defined therein.
ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS: BY ACCESSING OR USING  OUR WEBSITE, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF CERTAIN INFORMATION, AS DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY. ANY USE OR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT AND CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS OR USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY CONTENT PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY IN ANY MANNER.
 
Non-Personal Information:
During your access or any interaction with our website we may collect aggregated, non-personal non-identifiable information which may be made available or gathered via the users’ access to and use of the Website (“Non-Personal Information “). We are not aware of the identity of the user from which the Non-Personal Information is collected. We may disclose or share this information with third parties as specified below and solely if applicable. We collect the following Non-Personal Information from you when you access or use the Website:
The type of device, operating system and browsers you use; The time and date you access the Website;
User’s actions (i.e., regarding its view and interaction with the Website and Website Content, including visited web pages and clickstream);
Approximate geographical location;
Redirecting URLs 
Personal Information:
We may collect from you individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may with reasonable effort be used to identify an individual (“Personal Information “), as follows:
Contact details: If you voluntarily contact us in any manner, or for any other request or notification, whether by submitting an online form that we make available through the Website (i.e., “Contact Us” page) or by sending an email to an email address that we display, or in any other manner, you may be required to provide us with certain information such as your name and email address.
 
HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION AND THE PURPOSE OF INFORMATION COLLECTION
We collect the information detailed above in order to:
enhance your experience with the Website;
to operate, provide, maintain, protect, manage, customize and improve our Website and the Website Content;
to optimize the Website Content based on the user’s preferences, uses and interactions with the Website;
perform research, as well as for analytical and statistical purposes;
to respond to your inquiries and provide you with requested service when you contact;
protect our or third parties’ rights or property, resolve disputes and enforce our policies;
 
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Depending on the nature of your interaction with the Website, we may collect the above detailed information from you, as follows:
in the event you voluntarily choose to provide us with information, when you contact us.
automatically, including through the use of cookies (as detailed below), and other similar tracking technologies.
In the event required under applicable law and technically possible, we will ask for your consent to collect Personal Information, as well as offer you the choice to opt-out.
COOKIES AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT
When you access or use the Website or the Website Content, we may use “Cookies” and similar tracking technologies. The use of Cookies is a standard practice, a “Cookie” is a small piece of information that a website assigns and stores on your device while you are viewing a website. Cookies are very helpful and can be used for various different purposes. These purposes include allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, enable automatic activation of certain features, remembering your preferences and making the interaction between you and our services quicker and easier. Cookies are also used to help customize your experience. You can find more information about cookies at  www.allaboutcookies.org  .
Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You may remove our cookie by following the instructions of your device preferences (as detailed below). However, if you choose to disable cookies, some features of the Website may not operate properly and your online experience may be limited.
Ads appearing on our Website may be delivered to users by third party advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party advertisers. The Third-Party Content (as defined in our Terms of Use , nor the third party’s related privacy practices, are not reviewed or examined by us. We cannot control Third Party Content or its related privacy practices enacted by such third parties, which may be differ from those described in this Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies and terms of use of those third parties. We are not responsible for the Third-Party Content, the information they might collect from during your interaction with such Third-Party Content, or how they use such information. Third parties (i.e., Google Analytics) may also use cookies, scripts or web beacons for the purpose of tracking and analyzing your use, this information does not include Personal Information. To learn more how Google uses data from our use of Google Analytics Cookie we recommend you review Google’s policies located at:  www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners . We also encourage you to review the Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web tool available at:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
SHARING DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES
We do not share any Personal Information collected from you with third parties or any of our partners except in the following events:
Law Requirement: we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request (i.e., to comply with courts injunction, comply with tax authorities, etc.)
Policy Enforcement:we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to enforce our policies and agreements, investigations of potential violations thereof, including without limitations, detect, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or other wrongdoing, suspected fraud or security issues;
Company’s Rights:we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to establish or exercise our rights to defend against legal claims, and subject to applicable law;
Third Party Rights:we will share your information, solely to the extent needed to prevent harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users, yourself or any third party
Affiliated Companies and Corporate Transaction:We may share your information with our parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control (“Affiliated Companies “) solely if and when applicable or necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, as well as in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g. sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale). In the event of the above, our Affiliated Companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Privacy Policy.
We may share Information, Notwithstanding the above, may share aggregate or Non-Personal Information with our business partners and other third parties in accordance with the terms of this Policy. We may store Non-Personal and Personal Information on our servers or our cloud servers, use or share Non-Personal Information in any of the above circumstances, as well as for the purpose of providing and improving our Service as detailed above. Furthermore, we reserve the right to use, disclose or transfer (for business purposes or otherwise) aggregated and processed data to third parties, including, inter alia, affiliates, for various purposes including commercial use. This information may be collected, processed and analyzed by us and transferred in a combined, collectively and aggregated manner (i.e., your information is immediately aggregated with other users) to third parties.
We always strive to serve you better and improve our performance, therefore, we may combine information you give us through the Website with publicly available information and information we receive from or cross-reference with select partners and others. By combining the different information, we are able to enhance your experience by providing you more relevant content and promotions which we believe you will find interesting, as well as to communicate with you better. If we combine Personal Information with non-personal Information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
USERS’ RIGHTS
Data protection and privacy laws provide you with the following rights regarding your Personal Information, which you mat exercise:
You may request to access your Personal Information that we hold;
You may request the rectification of your Personal Information that we hold;
You may request the erasure of your Personal Information that we hold;
You may request to restrict processing of your Personal Information;
You may object to processing of your Personal Information by us;
You may request to exercise your right of data portability;
You may exercise your right to file a complaint to a supervisory authority in your jurisdiction; and
You have the right to withdraw consent.
 
In the event you contact us and request to exercise any of your rights detailed above, we may require certain information from you in order to verify your identity and locate your data. Such process may take up until one (1) month, and in accordance with applicable privacy law.
Please note that, you may be provided with different rights according to privacy protections laws in your jurisdiction.
If you wish to be provided with more information , or you would like to exercise your rights, or in  the event that you have any additional complaints about your privacy rights, please initially contact us at: websites@cortexmg.com or contact our Data Protection Officer at:  Ofir Perl, dpo@cortexmg.com
 
OPT -OUT CHOICES AND CONTROLS 
you may easily opt out of the data collection, sharing process and targeted advertising services related to our Service, as detailed below:
You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our Services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us, by adjusting the privacy and security settings of your web browser. Please refer to the support page of your browser. In this regard, following are some links which you may find useful:
You may opt-out directly from third party retargeting cookies or other ad-technology trackers through self-regulator services like the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) website –  NAI consumer opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) website –  DAA opt-out page .
As detailed above, we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may collect certain information about you in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These third party advertisers may provide ways for you to opt out from or limit their collection of information from and about you. Please refer to the these third party’s privacy policies. Please note however, that we are not responsible for these third party privacy practices. If you would like more information in this regards, please see:  http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
Note that once you opt out, part of the Services provided by us might no longer be available and some features may not work if you revoke the data transfer. In addition, note that even if you opt-out, you may still receive content and advertising, however it will not be targeted
DELETING DATA
Unless you instruct us otherwise, we retain the information we collect for as long as needed to provide the Services and to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements if applicable, in accordance and compliance with applicable laws, however not longer than twenty four months in an identifiable form, or as required by law.
In the event, you do not agree to the aforesaid collection, use and share of data, please cease any usage or access to the Website. If you have provided us with Personal Information by contacting us, such as name and email address, and you wish to remove such information please contact us.
SECURITY
We use physical, technical and administrative security measures for the Services that we believe are in compliance with applicable laws and industry standards. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. While we make best efforts to protect your information, you understand and acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet which are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through the Website cannot be 100% guaranteed. We make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will be able to prevent any and all unauthorized access.
CHILDREN
You represent and warrant that,  if you are located in the US, you are at least 13 years of age; or if you are located in any other GEO you are above the age defined as “child” under applicable laws in your jurisdiction (collectively “Child(ren)”). If you are under 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parents or legal guardians, and ask questions about things you do not understand. The Services are not directed or intended for Children, and we do not knowingly collect or solicit information from children.  In the event that we become aware that a user which is considered as a Child under applicable law has shared any information with us, we will discard such information. If you have any reason to believe that a Child has shared any information with us, please contact us at: websites@cortexmg.com
DATA TRANSFER
We may store or process your Personal Information in the United States or in other countries. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (“EEA“) we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your Personal Information receives an adequate level of data protection upon its transfer outside of the EEA. If you are a resident of a jurisdiction where transfer of your Personal Data requires your consent, then your consent to this Privacy Policy includes your express consent for such transfer of your data.
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE
The Service does not respond to Do Not Track signals. For more information about Do Not Track signals, please see:  http://www.allaboutdnt.com/ .
AMENDMENTS
We reserve the right to periodically amend or revise the Privacy Policy. The revised terms will be effective immediately upon the display of the revised Privacy Policy. The last revision date will be reflected in the “Last modified” heading. Your continued use and access of the Website or any part thereof, following the notification of such amendments on our website, constitutes your acknowledgement and consent of such amendments to the Privacy Policy and your agreement to be bound by the terms of such amendments. In the event of amendments that will substantially change our privacy practices, we will make best efforts to provide an applicable notification We recommend you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand our privacy practices
CONTACT US
 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact us at, in one of the following ways:
Cortex Media Group Ltd.
send us an email: websites@cortexmg.com
DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
In addition to the above, if you wish to exercise your rights related to your Personal Information, or you have any requests regarding the collection of your information by us, you may contact our Data Protection Officer at:
Please be sure to include your name, address and email address in any correspondence so that we can respond to your inquiry or request.
Primary Sidebar
Secondary Sidebar
