in food, beauty, travel, fashion, plants,
health, and other botanical curiosities.
Email Address
Farmacy Gift Set Giveaway!
Sign up for our newsletter to enter for a chance to win a Farmacy gift set.
Email Address
Privacy Statement
Information that you Knowingly and Willingly Provide
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Third Party Advertising
Selling of Personally Identifiable Information
Minors and Children and Privacy
Links to Third Party Services
Social Media Features & Widgets
Correction & Removal
Opting Out
Privacy Inquiries
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is valued and respected by EDGP LLC (“Garden Collage”, “we”, “our”, “us”).  This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the types of information, including Personally Identifiable Information, that we gather from you when you use our website (including https://y6auj24xr4y3qq95tz7io6uu-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com ), apps, and/or services (our “Service”), as well as your choices regarding use and disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information.  As used in this Privacy Policy, the term “Personally Identifiable Information” (“Personally Identifiable Information”) means information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us.
By accessing our Service, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Service.  Each time you use our Service, the current version of the Privacy Policy will apply.  Accordingly, whenever you use our Service, you should check the date of this Privacy Policy (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version.  This Privacy Policy is applicable to all Service visitors, registered users, and all other users of our Service.
Further, you acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Service, which is incorporated by reference, and by accessing or using our Service, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service.  If you do not agree to our Terms of Service, do not access or use our Service.
If you have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer to the end of this Privacy Policy for information on how to contact us.
Information Collected by Garden Collage
When you use our Service, Garden Collage collects information (i) that you knowingly and voluntarily provide when you use our Service including registration information, (ii) that your browser or computer automatically share, and (ii) that we are able to collect from cookies and other similar technologies. We may aggregate and/or anonymize all information that we collect from you, including Personally Identifiable Information.  This may be done for the purpose of market research on brands and products, marketing campaigns, and advertising.
Information that you Knowingly and Willingly Provide
Garden Collage collects the information that you knowingly and voluntarily provide when you use our Service (such as through web forms or profile screens), including registration/account setup information, and contact information.  We primarily use this information to keep you informed of Garden Collage news and content available through our Service.  You can choose not to provide us with certain Personally Identifiable Information, but then you may not be able to take full advantage of our Service or other available features we offer.  The information that we collect and use may include the following kinds of Personally Identifiable Information: (i) First and Last Name, and (ii) Email Address.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Garden Collage collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser.  Garden Collage may use this information to generate aggregate statistics about visitors to our Service.  This information typically includes details about your:
IP Address
Operating System
Referring Site and/or Search Engine
Device Type (e.g. desktop, laptop, tablet, phone, etc.)
 
Garden Collage may use non-Personally Identifiable Information for various business purposes such as providing customer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improving our Service.  The information we receive depends on the settings on your browser.  Please check your browser if you want to learn what information your browser sends or how to change your settings.
One of the tools we use to collect and track user statistics and trends related to our Sites and Services is Google Analytics.  Information about how Google Analytics operates and uses data from our Sites and Services is available at:   www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners .  As part of our use of Google Analytics we will install cookies as set forth above in Section B(3) below.
Information Collected by Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Technologies
Garden Collage may obtain information about you by installing “cookies” on your computer’s hard drive.  We use cookies to collect statistical information about the ways visitors use our Service including which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page.  Garden Collage also may use cookies to create a database of your previous choices and preferences, saving you time and effort.  If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer.  If you limit or disable the use of cookies when you visit Garden Collage, you may be unable to use the full functionality of our Service.
Third Party Advertising
Garden Collage targets its advertisements and third-party advertisements on and off our Services using various ad networks.  Our ad networks include, without limitation, ad servers, ad agencies, ad exchanges, ad technology vendors, and research firms.  We target ads to users based on general profile information and based on a user’s use of our Services.  We use ad technology such as web beacons, pixels, anonymous ad network tags, and cookies to more efficiently serve ads to our users as well as to collect anonymized research for our advertisers.
Garden Collage’s Do Not Track Policy
Garden Collage supports Do Not Track (“DNT”).  If you have DNT enabled in your browser, Garden Collage will not receive browser-related information from our advertising partners for tailoring advertisements.
How Is Your Personally Identifiable Information Used?
We may use Personally Identifiable Information we collect about you on its own or combine it with other information we have about you to:
To create user accounts and/or profiles through registration;
To send newsletters or other information about the Services;
Perform internal operations, such as tracking and improving the effectiveness of our website, mobile experience, and marketing efforts;
Personalize user experiences, such as remembering your settings and preferences for things like language, font size, etc.;
Provide support;
Resolve disputes between users and/or a user and the Garden Collage as set forth in our Terms of Service;
Use the location of your mobile device to prevent fraud or deliver other location-based services that you may request;
Administer a sweepstakes, contest, or similar promotion;
Advertise and market our products and Service – and those of our Business Partners including to:
Present targeted advertising, send or provide you with advertisements, promotions and offers;
Analyze whether our advertisements, promotions, and offers are effective;
Help us determine whether you may be interested in new products or services;
Conduct surveys;
Receive feedback.
We may also disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, as permitted by law, or with your consent.
Who Can Access the Information We Collect?
Garden Collage may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in the following instances:
Agents.  We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.  Examples of such functions include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing technical support, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service.  We share our users’ Personally Identifiable Information with these agents as we deem necessary for such third parties to perform their functions.
Employees.  Only authorized employees have access to your Personally Identifiable Information.
Affiliates.  When you are asked for information while on our Service, you are sharing that information with Garden Collage and our various affiliates, unless specifically stated otherwise.  As a result of this sharing, you may receive communications from any of our affiliates.
Advertisers.  Third-party advertisers and advertising platforms also may serve targeted advertisements as part of our Service.  For more information, please see Section C (Third Party Advertising).  Please be aware that the information practices of third-party advertisers or platforms collecting data on our Service are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
Authorized Business Partners, Advertisers, Agents, and Promotional Offers.  We may enter into alliances, partnerships or other business arrangements with third parties to share Personally Identifiable Information for the purpose of providing you with information regarding products and services that we think may be of interest to you.  We may also share your information with third party partners in order for them to better target products and services to their customers.  If you do not want to receive such offers, please contact us using the procedure listed in Section M (Information Correction, Removal, and Opting-Out) below.
To Comply with Legal Process, Protect Garden Collage, or Enforce our Rights.  We may release your Personally Identifiable Information when it is necessary to (i) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (ii) enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements (iii) protect the rights, safety or property of Garden Collage, our affiliates, service providers, our users or the public, or (iv) prevent a crime or protect national security (including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
As Part of a Merger or Sale of Business.  We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
Selling of Personal Information
We will not sell your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for their use without your consent.
Minors and Children Privacy
Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13, if you are not 13 years or older, do not use our Service.  We do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13.  If we learn that Personally Identifiable Information of persons less than 13 years-of-age has been collected through our Service, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.  If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 13 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated Personally Identifiable Information to our Service without your consent, then you may alert us at hello@gardencollage.com so that we may take appropriate action to remove the minor’s Personally Identifiable Information from our systems.
In accordance with California’s “erasure law” for minors, in the event that a minor under the age of 18 uses the Service, the minor may request that Garden Collage delete information provided to us.  Upon such a request, Garden Collage will delete the information or provide the minor with (a) the ability to remove or request removal of content that the minor posted on the website or mobile app; (b) notice and clear instruction on how to do so; and (c) notice that such removal may not remove all traces of such posting.  Be aware that Garden Collage may not have to comply with this removal requirement if: (i) federal or state law requires maintenance of the content or information; (ii) the content was stored or posted (or reposted) by a third party other than the minor; (iii) the operator anonymizes the content or information so that the minor cannot be identified; (iv) the minor received compensation or other consideration for providing the content; or (v) the minor does not follow the instructions provided by operator to request removal of content.
Links to Third Party Services
Our Service may contain links to third party websites, applications and services not operated by us.  These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement by Garden Collage of the activities or content of these sites, applications or services nor any association with their operators.  Garden Collage is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party including websites or services directly linked to our Service.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party site that you link from our Service.
Social Media Features & Widgets
Our Service includes social media features, such as the Facebook “Like” button, “Share This” options or interactive mini-programs that run on our Service.  These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Service, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.  Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Service.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature (e.g., Facebook, etc.).
Security, Storage, & Retention
Security
We take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your Personally Identifiable Information.  Although we use security measures to help protect your Personally Identifiable Information against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure, we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to us over the Internet.  While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, there is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
Retention
We will retain your Personally Identifiable Information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy or the way we use, share or collect Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you by revising the “Effective Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy, prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our Service, or sending an email to the email address you most recently provided us (unless we do not have such an email address) prior to the new policy taking effect.  Users are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when he or she uses our Service after notice of such changes has been communicated.  We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are familiar with Garden Collage’s current practices.
Information Correction, Removal, and Opting-Out
Correction & Removal
If any of the information that we have about you is incorrect, or you wish to have information (including Personally Identifiable Information) removed from our records, please contact us at hello@gardencollage.com .  We will respond to such inquiries within fifteen (15) business days.
Opting Out
Additionally, if you prefer not to receive marketing messages from us, please let us know by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing message that you receive, or by sending a message to us at hello@gardencollage.com .
Your California Rights
FOR RESIDENTS OF CALIFORNIA ONLY.  Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of certain categories of your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties.  If you reside in California and have provided your Personally Identifiable Information to Garden Collage, you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.  Such requests must be submitted to us:
Garden Collage
New York, NY
Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of Personally Identifiable Information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of those third parties.  This request may be made no more than once per calendar year.  We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this Section.
Privacy Inquiries
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices please contact us as follows:
By emailing the Privacy Department at hello@gardencollage.com
By mail post to: Privacy Department
Garden Collage
Where Modern Meets Wild
