First Effective: February 24, 2000
This Version: Effective May 7, 2018
The following sets forth the privacy policy for the RN online panel communities, websites and/or mobile applications (collectively “Application/Services”) offered by RN.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the collection, use and disclosure of personal data or personally identifiable information (“PII“) and other information by RN in connection with RN’s Services as defined herein and other RN and third party activities as defined herein (“Non-Research Activities”). RN’s Services provide you with the opportunity to join a panel, participate in surveys administered by RN or by third parties (whether as a panel member or a non-panel member), use the websites associated with the panels, use the Application/Services associated with the panels, and receive and redeem rewards and incentives, including, without limitation, sweepstakes entries, offered in connection with panel membership and/or the completion of surveys (collectively “Services“). Non-Research Activities include, but are not limited to, RN marketing RN Services and/or third parties marketing their services to you and/or sharing individual and/or aggregate profile data with third parties to develop marketing insights and/or audience/look alike models. Non-Research Activities are described in more detail in this Privacy Policy.
Your use of RN’s Application/Services is completely voluntary and therefore RN’s processing of your PII in connection with the Application/Services and Non-Research Activities and this Privacy Policy is with your consent.
Surveys administered by third parties and the data collected in connection therewith are not subject to this Privacy Policy. Registration with, use of, and access to RN’s Services is subject to RN’s Terms and Conditions. In most cases RN is not the sponsor of the survey and the survey instrument, and the survey results or survey data will be owned by the sponsor of the survey.
All references in this Privacy Policy to “RN” include RN and its parent, subsidiary and affiliated companies. All references to “us” or “we” refer to RN. All PII is stored on servers located in the United States, where RN’s servers are located and accessible globally to RN employees and/or agents. For purposes of this policy, respondent shall mean any individual who participates in RN Services, including passive data collection and/or participates in the Non-Research Activities described herein. For purposes of this policy, online shall include mobile web browsing,
What personal data and other information does the Application/Services collect and how is it used?
RN collects personally identifiable information (“PII”) from research participants during and after registration with a panel, including, without limitation, during participation in a survey and in connection with the receipt and redemption of rewards and incentives and/or during the Application/Services registration and download process. You will be asked to provide certain PII and demographic information, including, without limitation, your name, address(es), telephone number(s) (including home, cell, and/or business telephone numbers), email address(es), date of birth, and occupation/education, the unique panelist/respondent identification number we assign to you when you sign up for an account (individually a “UID” and collectively “UIDs”), and racial and gender information. In addition to the collection of PII mentioned above, during and subsequent to the registration process, you may be asked to voluntarily provide or disclose Sensitive Data. “Sensitive Data” means PII that discloses or reveals health and medical conditions, sexual orientation or sexual life, political opinions/views, race/ethnic origin, religious and philosophical beliefs and trade-union membership. Sensitive Data is used to target survey opportunities to you and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.
RN collects PII, Sensitive Data and demographic information from non-panel members prior to and during participation in a survey.
RN provides its clients and/or its advertising partners with information about your device, including but not limited to, the device’s IDFA or Advertising ID and interactions with the Application/Services with your consent. RN, the clients and/or ad partners may use this information to facilitate RN surveys, for marketing of RN products and services to you, for unrelated interest-based advertising, to link your device to additional data about you and/or your device available from third party data management platforms and data providers/brokers and/or to validate certain information you provide about yourself and/or your device. Click here to learn more about some of our ad partners, including how to subsequently opt-out.
Additional information you submit.
You may submit, upload or transmit content or material, including, without limitation, photos, videos, and/or any other similar or related content or material which may include your PII (“User Content”), for example, when completing surveys. PII included in User Content shall be collected, used and disclosed as set forth in this Privacy Policy. User Content should not include audio, video, images, or the likeness of anyone other than you.
Information collected through automated means:
The Application/Services also collect certain information automatically, such as information about your device and device capabilities, including, without limitation, the device operating system, the other applications on your device, IP address, device network provider, device type, time zone, network status, browser type, browser identifier, unique device identification number (such as identifiers for analytics or advertising), network provider user ID (a number uniquely allocated to you by your network provider), Media Access Control (MAC) address, International Mobile Equipment Identity, location and other information that alone or in combination may be used to uniquely identify your device. Specific examples of this data and the technology that collects it are below:
Geo-location data. The Application/Services will request your permission to obtain geo-location information from your mobile device, and such geo-location information may be provided by the Application/Services at any time, whether the Application/Services is open or not. If you consent to sharing your geo-location data, in addition to the uses set forth under “RN’s use of information” below, RN will also use your location information to offer you the option to participate in location-based surveys and market research and/or to share such geolocation data with third party clients to demonstrate certain location and/or traffic patterns of Application/Services participants. In addition, RN may share your geo-location data with third party vendors to identify commercial addresses near your location, such as stores or restaurants. To learn more about such vendors, please visit  https://www.placed.com  for a description of the services they provide and how the geo-location data is used, including the vendor’s use of such data for location-based advertising.
Geo-location data also may be used by ad networks to provide you with location-based advertising. The ad networks’ use of data, and how to opt out, are described in more detail below.
If you no longer wish to share your geo-location data through your device, please change the privacy settings in your device for the Application/Services.
Application/Services and functionality. RN may request access to certain applications and/or functionality available on or through your device for use in connection with the Application/Services and the Services. Access shall be requested via push notification or other alerts and access will only be granted with your consent. If you consent, you may subsequently opt-out by changing your settings on the device.
Social media information. You may also be offered the opportunity to access the Application/Services through third party social media platforms. If you select such option, RN may collect certain profile information stored in your social media platform account.
Cookies and Similar Technology. Cookies are small files that store certain data on a device. Session cookies expire when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device until deleted or once they reach a defined expiration date. You may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Additional geographic and demographic data such as the Audience Measurement Data (as defined below) may be shared with third parties and associated with a cookie placed on your device.
First party and third party cookies and other similar or related technology and device identifiers (e.g., IDFAs, AAIDs, etc.) may be placed, written, set, and/or read for several purposes including, without limitation, to provide a better survey experience, quality control, validation, to enable or facilitate survey participation, tracking of completed surveys or other completed actions, for fraud detection and/or prevention, online ad effectiveness research, website tracking and audience measurement, to develop audience insights and/or look-alike models in connection with marketing campaigns, and for the purpose of targeting advertisements and other content to individuals, subject to your consent where required by applicable law. However, for certain cookies and/or similar or related technology, if you decide not to accept cookies, you will not be able to use the Application/Services.
Cookies are described in more detail here:
Essential
PHPSESSID
ANALYTICS AND CUSTOMIZATION
Google Analytics
Vendor
Digital Fingerprinting. Generally, digital fingerprinting assigns a unique identifier to your device based upon the device’s technical settings, characteristics, and IP Address. RN uses digital fingerprinting technology for quality control and validation purposes and fraud detection and/or prevention, including, without limitation, identifying duplicate or fraudulent respondents. RN may implement and use digital fingerprinting directly or through a third party vendor with your consent where required by applicable law.
Watermarking. Generally, watermarking involves placing a technology or file on your device to identify that it has previously been used to register with or access the Application/Services or the Services. Watermarking is used for quality control and validation purposes and fraud detection and/or prevention purposes. RN may engage in watermarking activities directly or through a third party vendor with your consent where required by applicable law. In some cases, we may use information collected through automated means, along with other information, to recognize users (or households) across platforms or across devices, such as smartphones, computers, tablets or related browsers, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Information collected from third parties
RN may obtain PII, behavioral and/or demographic information from third parties, including, without limitation, data management platforms, ad networks, information service bureaus, other sample suppliers and/or social media platforms. RN may use the PII, behavioral and/or demographic data received from these third parties for various purposes, including, without limitation, data validation, data append, developing marketing insights and look alike models, fraud detection purposes, and/or sending you a one-time email to invite you to participate in a survey and/or join a Panel. In addition, geolocation data, including information regarding retail and other commercial enterprises you may visit while the geolocation feature is enabled, may be appended to your panel profile and/or shared with RN’s clients if you elected to opt in to the geolocation services.
How does RN use the information it collects?
RN’s use of information:
In addition to the purposes described above, RN uses personal data collected through the Application/Services as follows: (i) to communicate with you regarding your membership with a survey panel(s) owned by RN; (ii) to communicate with you regarding your participation in a survey(s); (iii) to tailor survey opportunities to you and to arrange for advertisements to be displayed to you outside the Application/Services for the purposes of facilitating the completion of advertisement recall surveys; (iv) to send you notifications of survey opportunities; (v) to comply with any and all legal obligations, including, without limitation, tax obligations; (vi) to administer and manage RN’s reward and incentive programs and fulfill your requests for rewards and incentives; (vii) to facilitate your entry into RN’s sweepstakes and promotions and communicate with you regarding such entries; (viii) to update RN’s records; (ix) to comply with any data suppression obligations or requirements; (x) for fraud detection and/or prevention purposes; (xi) to link your device and/or profile to additional information available about you and/or your device available from data management platforms (“DMP”); (xii) to market RN products/services to you; (xiii) to enable third parties to market their products/services to you; (xiv) to enable RN or third parties to develop marketing insights and/or audience/look alike models; (xv) to validate the profile information you provided to us; and/or (xvi) as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Policy or as otherwise authorized by you. RN may use information collected in the context of the Application/Services in connection with other survey panels that RN administers and/or in connection with Non-Research Activities. With respect to the linking of Application/Services data to third party DMP data, RN uses such data itself and/or permits RN’s clients and/or the DMP itself to use such data to provide you with survey opportunities, to measure advertising effectiveness (as described in more detail below), to segment audiences; to design advertising campaigns using “look alike” cohort groups based on survey and third party data; and/or to market such third party’s products/services to you.
Retargeting. RN may from time-to-time engage a third party or third parties to either display advertising on an RN website(s) or to manage RN’s advertising on other websites (for example on social media sites). RN’s third party partner(s) may use technologies such as cookies or identifying data elements. Including but not limited to your IDFA or Advertising ID to gather information about your activities on RN’s website(s) and/or on other websites in order to: (i) provide you with advertising about RN and its services and/or (ii) assist RN in developing marketing and advertising campaigns designed to target individuals who have a social and demographic profile similar to your social and demographic profile. If RN is conducting a re-targeting program and you wish to not participate in this re-targeting program, please opt-out via the applicable cookie opt-out process set forth in this Privacy Policy or in RN’s separate cookie notice, by modifying your IDFA or Advertising ID and/or by unsubscribing within the advertisement itself.
Audience Insights/Look-alikes. RN and/or third parties may use PII collected from you and/or may link PII collected from you to a third party cookie to develop audience insights and/or look-alike models in connection with marketing campaigns.
Online Advertising Effectiveness. In connection with RN’s online ad effectiveness program, you can participate in surveys regarding ads, promotions, content, campaigns, and/or websites that RN is testing for its clients. To facilitate the completion of these surveys, RN’s clients may write, set, or read cookies, locally shared/stored objects, flash cookies and/or any other related technology (each a “Third Party Technology” and collectively the “Third Party Technologies“). The Third Party Technologies may be written, set or read in various locations, including, without limitation, RN’s servers or systems. If you participate, your UID will be stored in or associated with the Third Party Technology to allow you to be re-contacted about the online ad or promotion and RN’s client will use the Third Party Technology to determine whether you have seen, clicked on, or otherwise interacted with the online ad or promotion. If you have interacted with the online ad or promotion, RN’s client will send your UID and the specific survey to RN and RN will provide you with the opportunity to complete the survey.
Audience Measurement Data. In addition to the use and sharing of Audience Measurement Data (as defined below) in connection with online advertising effectiveness research, as such research is described above, RN may share your UID and data previously collected by RN, including, without limitation, age, gender, income, number of people in your household, education/education level, and employment status, (“Audience Measurement Data“), to third parties, including, without limitation, RN’s subcontractors, partners, and/or clients for the purpose of audience measurement reporting on the content, advertisements, campaigns, and websites that you visit, view, and/or click on. The Audience Measurement Data will be used in connection with online advertising effectiveness research, and to assist in the creation, development, and implementation of websites, online advertisements, and other Internet and digital media features, functionality, and campaigns. Audience Measurement Data may be shared in a single summary form (i.e. individual respondent level) or aggregate summary form (i.e. group of respondents).
How do advertisers/ad networks use my information?
Ad partners’ use of information.
You can use the Application/Services to participate in surveys, including, without limitation, surveys regarding specific ads and promotions that RN is testing for its business clients. You may see these ads or promotions in several places, including, without limitation, in non-RN mobile apps (for example, in a gaming app), after which RN shall provide you with access to, or contact you to complete, a survey about the ad or promotion that you were exposed to. To facilitate the completion of surveys on ads or promotions, RN has partnered with ad companies that provide, measure or facilitate advertisements, including, without limitation, in many other mobile apps. The Application/Services provides these ad networks with the UID, your unique device identifier, and many or all of the other types of information described in the “Information collected through automated means” section above (including your ongoing geolocation, if your device permits the collection of geolocation). Then, when you use a mobile app that has partnered with one of the ad companies, the ad company can use your unique device identifier or other automatically collected information to recognize your device. The ad company may then show you an ad or promotion that RN is testing for one of our business clients. The ad company may then inform RN that the device associated with your UID has just received an ad or promotion, which allows RN to provide you with access to, or to contact you to complete, a survey regarding the ad or promotion. With your consent, the ad companies also use the information they collect about your device and your interactions with the Application/Services and other mobile apps to provide you with other in-app advertising that has been tailored to your interests and for other purposes. To learn more about some of these ad companies, including how to opt out, please visit the following:
What communications will I receive through the Application/Services or relating to the Services?
RN may contact you to participate in surveys via “push” notifications or SMS/text messages if you expressly agree to receive such communications.
In addition, RN and/or its agents or vendors on behalf of RN will send email communications to you regarding survey invitations, survey participation, reward or incentive information, inquiries and redemption, newsletters, notices required to be provided hereunder or by law, sweepstakes or promotion entries, notice of winning a sweepstakes or promotion, and in response to inquiries from you.
Where you provide RN with your telephone number(s), RN, its clients and/or its Subcontractors may also contact you by telephone in relation to your account, including, without limitation: (i) surveys you have or are participating in; (ii) reward or incentive information, inquiries and redemption; (iii) sweepstakes or promotion entries and prize fulfillment; (iv) responding to your queries; (v) notices under this Privacy Policy; (vi) additional survey invitations and/or opportunities; and/or (vii) to validate profile information you have provided to us.
Does RN share personal data and other information collected through the Application/Services with third parties?
Pursuant to applicable law, RN may disclose or transfer personal data and other information collected through the Application/Services to third parties as follows:
(i) With your consent;
(ii) In response to a subpoena or an order of a court or government agency;
(iii) To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims of an individual or RN, including in order to protect the safety of an individual or to protect RN’s rights and/or property;
(iv) Between various RN panels, if you sign up for more than one RN panel;
(v) To a parent, subsidiary, or affiliate of RN: (1) in the event of a reorganization or restructuring; or (2) for use and processing in accordance with this Policy or as authorized by you;
(vi) To authorized agents and/or subcontractors of RN and/or of RN’s clients, who are providing services, including, without limitation, data append services, data validation services, fraud detection and/or prevention services, database matching services, coding services, and reward, incentive, and sweepstakes related services;
(vii) To a client for limited market research related uses including, without limitation, modeling, validation, data append, database segmentation, and reward, incentive, or sweepstakes redemption, fulfillment, and/or entry;
(viii) In connection with a change of ownership or control, including, without limitation, a merger or an acquisition of any or all of RN’s business assets, provided that the party receiving or acquiring the personal data agrees to use, protect, and maintain the security, integrity, and confidentiality of personal data in accordance with this Policy;
(ix) to a client or to such client’s customer in the event RN or a third party believes that you have or may violate the intellectual property rights of a third party;
(x) to a client or to such client’s customer in the event RN or a third party believes that you have violated the Terms of Service;
(xi) to a third party, which shall include both RN research clients and third parties that engage in Non-Research Activities to enable such third party to develop marketing campaigns, audience insights, look-alike models and/or to market such third party’s products/services to you; and
(xii) As otherwise permitted pursuant to this Policy.
In addition to the foregoing, if you enroll through a third party with whom RN has a contractual relationship and/or from an email sent from a third party company proposing you to join our Application/Services (collectively “Program Partner”), RN may share select enrollment information with the Program Partner who invited you into the program, which can include your full name, post or zip code, and your email address. You acknowledge that our Program Partner may collect, use, and disclose that information in accordance with their privacy policy. Please note that RN will not be responsible for and will not be liable for our Program Partner’s actions concerning your information or for any Program Partner’s privacy practices when you are dealing directly with them.
Please note, RN may allow a client to collect PII directly from respondents. The disclosure is voluntary and, prior to collection, the client is required to enter into a written agreement with RN, which, among other things, limits use of the PII.
RN may license certain PII to third parties (e.g., data brokers, data aggregators, etc.) for their own Non-Research Purposes, including, without limitation, the licensing of individual-level and/or aggregated-level data (e.g., product and/or service purchasing or usage activity, social media activity, website visitation data, internet search history, etc.) for the development of audience insights and/or look-alike models, for the purpose of sale of such data to the third party’s clients/customers for the purpose of performing analytics and providing marketing intelligence and/or to enable such third party to market its products/services to you.
Additionally, UIDs and information collected by automated means are provided to third parties, including, without limitation, clients, partners, agents and/or vendor for the purposes of identifying respondents for re-contact surveys or communications, fraud detection and/or prevention, database matching, data validation, data append, coding, data segmentation, and reward, incentive, and/or sweepstakes or promotion related services.
In connection with your survey data, RN or the client may associate certain demographic attributes to you. RN may share with third parties, including but not limited to clients, the geographic and/or demographic data RN collects from you during enrolment or through certain profile questions RN may ask you. Such data may be shared with third parties on an individual respondent level or aggregate summary form (i.e. a group of respondents). If you voluntarily disclose personal data in connection with your survey data and responses, and RN collects the survey data and responses, RN will transfer the survey data and responses, UID and the voluntarily disclosed personal data to the relevant RN client.
How can I opt-out of certain data collection and/or use?
There are multiple opt-out options for users of this Application/Services.
You can stop all collection of personal data and other information by the Application/Services by uninstalling the Application/Services and/or terminating your participation in the panel(s). You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network and/or you may cancel your panelist account on the panel Site. Please note that if you delete the Application/Services, but maintain a profile with one of RN’s websites, we may still collect personal data and other data from you through our site(s). Uninstalling the Application/Services will not delete all information collected by RN prior to uninstalling the Application/Services. To delete all information collected by RN please contact RN as set forth below.
Six months following termination of your account, inactivity of your account and/or the date upon which you uninstall the Application/Services, RN may transfer your PII to a third party data broker and/or data management platform for purposes of resale/reuse by such third party. If you do not wish for your PII to be used for Non-Research Activities and/or if you do not consent to RN sharing your PII with third parties after termination of your account and/or removal of the Application/Services from your device, please contact us at  privacy@surveysampling.com
For iOS Opt-out of location data
You may, at any time, opt-out from enabling the Application/Services to access your location data by:
• Touching or selecting the settings icon for the device;
• Once in the settings icon, touch or select Location Services; and
• Once in Location Services, you can use the individual slider for the Application/Services, to turn off location services.
Note: If you turn off Location Services, you will be prompted to turn on Location Services the next time the Application/Services tries to use this feature.
For Android Opt out of location data
You may, at any time, opt-out from enabling the Application/Services to access your location data by:
• Touching the ABOUT button on the top right of the navigation bar
• Once in the ABOUT dialog, you can toggle on/off Location Services via a switch labeled: “Access to my location”
For iOS Opt-out of push notifications
You may opt-out of push notifications for the Application/Services by:
• Touching or selecting the settings icon for the device;
• Once in the settings icon, touch or select notifications;
• If push notifications are turned on, there will be a list of icons, touch or select the icon for the Application/Services; and
• From this screen, you will be able to modify the push notification settings for the Application/Services.
For Android Opt-out of push notifications
• You may opt-out of push notifications for the Application/Services by:
• Access the Settings for the device.
• From within Settings, locate the Apps setting.
• Once in Apps, locate the relevant application (QuickThoughts or iPoll), and select it.
• Locate a checkbox labeled “Show notifications” and toggle it based on your preference.
Opt-out of email communications
You may opt-out of email communications by clicking the unsubscribe link in any email you receive from us or contacting us as set forth below.
Opt-out of sharing social media platform profile data
You may opt-out of sharing social media platform profile data by changing your preference/profile settings with the social media platform regarding the sharing of data with third parties or removing the Application/Services from your social media profile.
Opt out of use of the advertising identifier assigned to your smartphone/device
You may change the advertising identifier assigned to your device at any time.
Ad network opt-out
The ad networks that collect information through the Application/Services for use in facilitating surveys and providing interest-based advertising offer certain opt-out mechanisms. To opt-out, follow the instructions for each ad network at the links provided below. If you opt-out, you will not be able to participate in our surveys about ads and promotions.
Ad network
Opt-out information
Can I stop RN from tracking my online activities?
Do Not Track (“DNT“) is a preference in your browser that you can set to notify websites that you visit that you do not want the websites to collect certain information about you. RN does not respond to DNT signals. If you object to RN’s practice with regards to DNT signals, you may opt-out from participation or use of RN’s services as described below.
In connection with RN’s online ad effectiveness program, RN permits RN’s subcontractors, partners and/or clients to drop, set, and/or write Third Party Technologies for the purpose of facilitating audience measurement and ad recall survey activities. RN is not responsible for any third party’s compliance with or response to DNT signals. To learn more about RN’s online ad effectiveness program, please review the Cookies section of this Privacy Policy.
How long do you keep my personal data and other information?
RN will retain personal data and other information relating to your use of the Application/Services and/or the Services for as long as you have the Application installed and/or use the Application/Services and for up to one (1) year thereafter or such other period as may be required or permissible by law. Six months following your inactivity with the panel Sites and/or uninstalling the Application/Services, RN may transfer your PII to a third party data broker and/or data management platform for purposes of resale/reuse by such third party.
How can I access the personal data and other information the Application/Services has collected about me?
You have the right to review, correct, and delete your personal data, subject to applicable law. You may contact us with such a request using the contact details provided below.
Does the Application/Services collect data from minors under eighteen (18) years of age?
The Application/Services is not designed for, or intended for use by, any individual under the age of eighteen (18). We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of eighteen (18), and if we became aware that we have inadvertently collected personal data from a child under the age of eighteen (18), we will undertake reasonable commercial efforts to delete such personal data.
What security is available for the personal data and other information collected through the Application/Services?
RN maintains an appropriate level of technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect personal data and other information disclosed or collected by RN. RN reviews, monitors, and evaluates its privacy practices and protection systems on a regular basis. Despite the safeguards we implement, transmissions over the Internet and/or a mobile network are not totally secure and RN does not guarantee the security of online transmissions. RN is not responsible for any errors by individuals in submitting personal data to RN.
Who can I contact with questions about this Policy?
If you wish to:
– receive a copy of the information we hold about you;
– communicate an opt-out request to RN;
– request access to, or the correction, blocking or deletion of, your personal data;
– make a complaint about our privacy practice;
-opt out of certain uses of your PII;
or have any questions regarding RN’s privacy practices and/or this Policy, please contact us via email at  privacy@surveysampling.com
RN’s Legal Department is responsible for RN’s compliance with this Policy.
Are there any companies within the RN Group that may collect, store and process PII?
Yes, please see the list of companies below:
Company
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
Survey Sampling RO S.R.L.  – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
Mountain West Research Center L.C.
Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
個人情報保護方針
最初の発効日：2000年2月24日
本バージョン：2018年5月7日発効
本個人情報保護方針は、個人データまたは個人を特定できる情報（以下、「PII」）、およびRNのサービス（本書に定義）ならびにRNおよび第三者によるその他の活動（本書に定義）（以下、「調査以外の活動」）に関連してRNが提供するその他の情報の収集、使用および開示について規定するものです。RNのサービスは、パネルに参加する機会、RNまたは第三者が運営する調査に参加する機会（パネル・メンバーまたは非パネル・メンバーを問わず）、各パネル関連のウェブサイトを使用する機会、各パネル関連のアプリケーション／サービスを使用する機会、および報奨金およびインセンティブを受領し、引き換える機会を提供します（以下、集合的に「サービス」）。これにはパネル・メンバーシップおよび／または調査の完了に関連して提供されるくじへの登録が含まれますが、これらに限定されません。調査以外の活動には、お客様へのRNのサービスのRNによる販売促進、第三者によるお客様へのそのサービスの販売促進、ならびに／あるいはマーケティングに関する知見および／または視聴者／類似視聴者を構築するための個人および／または集合のプロフィールデータの第三者との共有が含まれますが、これらに限定されません。調査以外の活動は、本個人情報保護方針に詳細が説明されています。
お客様によるRNのアプリケーション／サービスの使用は完全に自発的なものであり、そのため、アプリケーション／サービス、調査以外の活動および本個人情報保護方針に関連した、RNによるお客様のPIIの処理は、お客様の同意を得ているものとします。
第三者が運営する調査およびこれに関連して収集されるデータについては、本個人情報保護方針の対象になりません。RNのサービスへの登録、その使用、およびこれへのアクセスは、RNの契約条件の対象となります。ほとんどの場合、RNは調査のスポンサーではなく、調査機器、および調査結果または調査データは、将来にわたって調査のスポンサーに帰属します。
本個人情報保護方針内で「RN」と表記される場合にはすべて、RNおよびその親会社、子会社、および関連会社が含まれます。「私たち」または「弊社」と表記される場合はすべて、RNを意味します。すべてのPIIは、RNのサーバーが設置されている米国内のサーバーに保管され、RNの従業員および／または代理人が世界的に利用できます。本個人情報保護方針の趣旨において、回答者とは、受動的なデータ収集を含むRNのサービスに参加する、および／または本書に説明されている調査以外の活動に参加する人を意味します。本個人情報保護方針の趣旨において、オンラインにはモバイル機器からのウェブサイトの閲覧が含まれます。
アプリケーション／サービスは、どのような個人情報やその他の情報を収集し、それらをどのように使用しますか？
RNはお客様の同意を得たうえで、クライアントおよび／または広告パートナーにお客様のデバイスについての情報を提供します。これにはデバイスのIDFAや広告IDおよびアプリケーション／サービスとのやり取りが含まれますが、これらに限定されません。RN、クライアントおよび／または広告パートナーは、RNの調査を促進するため、RNの製品やサービスをお客様に売り込むため、関連性のない関心に基づいた広告のため、お客様のデバイスを第三者のデータ管理プラットフォーム上およびデータプロバイダー／ブローカーから入手できるお客様および／もしくはお客様のデバイスについての追加データにリンクさせるため、ならびに／またはお客様がご自身および／もしくはご自分のデバイスについて提供した特定の情報を確認するために、この情報を使用することがあります。こちらをクリックして、後にオプトアウトする方法など当社の広告パートナーについての詳細をご覧ください。
自動化手段を通して収集された情報：
地理的位置情報。アプリケーション／サービスはお客様のモバイル機器から地理的位置情報を取得するために、お客様の許可をリクエストします。このような地理的位置情報は、アプリケーション／サービスが開いているかいないかにかかわらず、アプリケーション／サービスによって任意の時点で提供されることがあります。お客様が以下の「RNの情報の使用」で定められている使用に加えて、ご自分の地理的位置情報の共有に同意する場合、RNはお客様の地理的位置情報を使用して、所在地に基づいた調査や市場調査に参加していただくオプションを提供したり、アプリケーション／サービスの参加者の特定の所在地および／またはトラフィック・パターンを示すために、このような地理的位置情報を第三者のクライアントと共有したりします。さらに、RNは、店舗やレストランなどお客様の所在地の近くの商業用の住所を特定するために、お客様の地理的位置情報を第三者のベンダーと共有することがあります。このようなベンダーについての詳細は、https://www.placed.comにて、ベンダーが提供するサービスの説明や、ベンダーが位置情報に基づいた広告などのためにこのような情報を使用する方法をご覧ください。
クッキーおよび同様の技術。クッキーは、デバイス上に特定の情報を保存する小さいファイルです。ブラウザを閉じるとセッションクッキーの期限は切れます。パーシステントクッキーは削除されるか一定の期限に達するまでデバイス上に残ります。お客様はクッキーを受信したときに通知を受けるように、ブラウザを設定することができます。視聴者測定データ（以下に定義）などのその他の地理的データおよび人口統計データは、第三者と共有されたり、デバイス上に保存されたクッキーと関連付けられたりすることがあります。
クッキーについての詳細はこちらに記載されています。
必須
オプトアウトはできません。
広告
オプトアウトの方法は次の各リンク先に掲載されています。
Drawbridge 730日 クロスデバイス測定 オプトアウト
Adform 60日 クロスデバイス測定 オプトアウト
Comscore  オンライン広告有効性
プログラム オプトアウト
デジタル指紋。一般的に、デジタル指紋は、お使いのデバイスの技術的設定、特徴およびIPアドレスに基づいて、一意の識別子をお客様のデバイスに割り当てるものです。RNは、品質管理および検証の目的、ならびに詐欺行為（重複回答または不正回答が含まれますが、これらに限定されません）の検出および／または防止のためにデジタル指紋技術を使用します。RNはお客様の同意を得て、適用法によって必要な場合に、直接または第三者のベンダーを通して、デジタル指紋を導入または使用することがあります。
透かし。一般的に、透かしでは、お使いのデバイスが、アプリケーション／サービスまたはサービスに登録またはアクセスするために以前使用されたことがあるかどうかを特定するために、当該のデバイス上にテクノロジーまたはファイルを配置します。透かしは、品質管理および検証の目的、ならびに詐欺行為の検出および／または防止の目的で使用されます。RNはお客様の同意を得て、適用法によって必要な場合に、直接または第三者のベンダーを通して、透かしを行うことがあります。一部の場合、RNは自動化手段を通して収集した情報を他の情報と併せて使用し、本個人情報保護方針に記載されている目的のために、スマートフォン、コンピュータ、タブレット、または関連するブラウザなどのプラットフォームやデバイス上で、ユーザー（またはハウスホールド）を識別します。
第三者から収集された情報
リターゲティング。RNは、RNのウェブサイト上での広告表示または他のウェブサイト上（ソーシャル・メディア・サイトなど）でのRNの広告の管理について、随時、第三者に委託することがあります。RNの第三者パートナーはクッキーなどの技術や個人を特定するデータ要素を使用することがあります。これには、以下の目的でRNウェブサイト上および／または他のウェブサイト上でのお客様の活動についての情報を収集するお客様のIDFAまたは広告IDが含まれますが、これらに限定されません。(i) RNおよびそのサービスに関する広告をお客様に提供すること、および／または (ii) お客様の社会的・人口統計学的なプロフィールと類似した社会的・人口統計学的なプロフィールを持つ個人をターゲットとして実施するマーケティングキャンペーンや広告キャンペーンの展開においてRNをサポートすること。RNが実施しているリターゲティング・プログラムにお客様が参加を希望しない場合は、本個人情報保護方針またはRNが別途提供するクッキーに関する通知に記載された適切なクッキーのオプトアウト・プロセスに従って、ご自分のIDFAまたは広告IDを修正する、および／あるいは広告内で購読の解除を行うことで、オプトアウトしてください。
オンライン広告有効性。RNのオンライン広告有効性プログラムに関連して、お客様は、RNがそのクライアントのためにテストを行っている広告やプロモーション、コンテンツ、キャンペーン、および／またはウェブサイトに関する調査に参加することができます。これらの調査の終了を促進するため、RNのクライアントは、クッキー、ローカルで共有／保存されたオブジェクト、フラッシュクッキー、および／またはその他のあらゆる関連テクノロジー（以下、それぞれを「第三者のテクノロジー」および集合的に「各種第三者のテクノロジー」）を書き込む、設定する、または読み込むことがあります。各種第三者のテクノロジーは様々なロケーション（RNのサーバーまたはシステムを含みますが、これらに限定されません）で書き込まれ、設定され、または読み込まれることがあります。参加した場合、お客様のUIDは第三者のテクノロジーに保存されるか関連付けられ、お客様はオンライン広告またはプロモーションに関して再度連絡を受けることが可能になり、またRNのクライアントは第三者のテクノロジーを使用して、お客様がオンライン広告またはプロモーションを閲覧、クリック、またはその他の形でこれに接触したかどうかを判断します。お客様がオンライン広告またはプロモーションに接触した場合、RNのクライアントはお客様のUIDおよび特定の調査をRNに送信し、RNはお客様に調査に回答する機会を提供します。
視聴者測定データ。オンライン広告の有効性調査に関連した視聴者測定データの使用および共有（以下に定義）に加えて（このような調査については上記に説明）、RNは、お客様が訪問、閲覧、および／またはクリックするコンテンツ、広告、キャンペーン、ウェブサイトの視聴者測定報告の目的で、お客様のUID、およびRNがそれまでに収集したデータ（年齢、性別、収入、世帯人数、学歴／教育レベル、雇用状態（以下、「視聴者測定データ」）を含みますが、これらに限定されません）を、第三者（RNの下請業者、パートナー、および／またはクライアントを含みますが、これらに限定されません）と共有する場合があります。視聴者測定データは、オンライン広告の有効性調査に関連して使用されるほか、ウェブサイト、オンライン広告、その他のインターネット、デジタル・メディア機能、機能性、およびキャンペーンの作成、開発、実施に役立てられます。視聴者測定データは、1つの要約書式（すなわち個々の回答者レベル）で、または集約要約書式（すなわち回答者グループのレベル）で、第三者と共有される場合があります。
広告主／広告ネットワークは、どのように私の情報を利用しますか？
RNは、アプリケーション／サービスを通して収集した個人情報やその他の情報を第三者と共有しますか？
(iv) お客様が複数のRNパネルに登録した場合。様々なRNパネル間で情報を開示します
(vi) サービス（データ付加サービス、データ妥当性検証サービス、詐欺行為の検出および／または防止サービス、データベース・マッチング・サービス、コーディング・サービス、および報奨金、インセンティブ、ならびにくじ関連サービスを含みますが、これらに限定されません）を提供している、RNおよび／またはRNのクライアントの認定代理店および／または下請業者に対して
(vii) 市場調査に関連した限定的な使用のためにクライアントに対して情報を開示します。これには、モデリング、妥当性確認、データ付加、データベース・セグメンテーション、および報奨金、インセンティブ、またはくじの引き換え、賞品の授与および／または登録が含まれますが、これらに限定されません
(viii) RNの事業資産のいずれかまたはすべての合併または買収を含みますがこれに限定されない、所有権または支配権の変更に関連して情報を開示します。ただし、個人情報を受け取るまたは獲得する当事者が個人情報のセキュリティ、完全性および機密性を本個人情報保護方針に従って使用、保護、および保守することに同意した場合に限ります
(xii) 本個人情報保護方針に従って許可された通り。
RNは、クライアントが回答者から直接PIIを収集することを許可する場合があることにご注意ください。こうした開示は任意であり、収集前に、クライアントはRNと、特にPIIの使用を制限する書面での契約を結ぶ必要があります。
RNは第三者（データブローカー、データ収集会社など）に対し、かかる第三者の調査以外の目的で特定のPIIをライセンス供与することがあります。これには、視聴者インサイトおよび／または類似視聴者の構築、分析の実施とマーケティングインテリジェンスの提供のためのかかるデータの第三者のクライアントへの販売、ならびに／もしくはかかる第三者がその製品／サービスをお客様に売り込むことができるようにすることを目的として、個人レベルおよび／または集合レベルのデータ（製品および／またはサービスの購入または利用活動、ソーシャル・メディア活動、ウェブサイト訪問に関するデータ、インターネット検索履歴など）のライセンス供与が含まれますが、これに限定されません。
さらに、UIDおよび自動化手段を通して収集された情報が第三者（クライアント、パートナー、代理店および／またはベンダーを含みますが、これらに限定されません）に対し、調査の再連絡または通信のための回答者の身元確認、詐欺行為の検出および／または防止、データベース・マッチング、データ妥当性検証、データ付加、コーディング、データ・セグメンテーション、および報奨金、インセンティブ、くじまたはプロモーション関連サービスを含みますがこれらに限定されない目的で、提供されます。
お客様の調査データと関連して、RNまたはクライアントは特定の人口統計上の属性をお客様と関連付けることがあります。RNは、登録中またはRNが尋ねた特定のプロフィールに関する質問を通してRNがお客様から収集した地理的データおよび／または人口統計データを、クライアントを含みますがこれに限定されない第三者と共有することがあります。かかるデータは個々の回答者レベル、または集約要約書式（すなわち回答者グループのレベル）で第三者と共有される場合があります。お客様が調査のデータおよび回答に関連して個人情報を自発的に開示し、RNが調査のデータおよび回答を収集した場合、RNは調査のデータおよび回答、UID、および自発的に開示された個人情報をRNのクライアントに転送します。
iOSでの位置情報のオプトアウト
・デバイスの設定アイコンをタッチまたは選択します。
・［Location Services］で、アプリケーション／サービス用の個別のスライダーを使って、位置情報サービスを無効にできます。
注：位置情報サービスを無効にすると、アプリケーション／サービスが次回この機能を使用しようとする際に、位置情報サービスを有効にするように指示されます。
Androidでの位置情報のオプトアウト
・ナビゲーションバーの右上にある［ABOUT］（概要）ボタンをタッチします。
・［ABOUT］から、［Access to my location］（位置情報にアクセス）のスイッチで［Location Services］（位置情報サービス）のオン・オフを切り替えることができます。
iOSでのプッシュ通知のオプトアウト
・この画面で、アプリケーション／サービスのプッシュ通知設定を修正できます。
・［Apps］内で該当するアプリ（QuickThoughtsまたはiPoll）を探して選択します。
電子メール通信のオプトアウト
ご自分のスマートフォン／デバイスに割り当てられている広告識別子の使用のオプトアウト
RNのオンライン広告有効性プログラムとの関連で、RNはRNの下請業者、パートナーおよび／またはクライアントに、視聴者測定および広告想起調査活動を促進する目的で各種第三者のテクノロジーをドロップ、設定、および／または書き込むことを許可します。RNはDNT信号に関する第三者の遵守または対応に責任を負うものではありません。RNのオンライン広告有効性プログラムの詳細は、本個人情報保護方針のクッキーに関するセクションを参照してください。
アプリケーション／サービスは18歳未満の未成年から情報を収集しますか？
本個人情報保護方針に関する質問については誰に連絡できますか？
以下をご希望の場合、
– RNがお客様について保管する情報の写しを受け取る
– オプトアウトのリクエストをRNに送る
はい。以下の企業リストをご覧ください：
会社 住所
Insight Intermediate Holdings (DE), Inc. 55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc. 5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
e-Rewards Services, Inc. 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc. 5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Peanut Labs, Inc. 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
IPinion, Inc. 5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now, Inc. (US) 5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC 5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC 5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada) 250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Research Now GmbH Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l. Via S. Maria Valle 3 20123 Milano, Italy
Research Now Netherlands B.V. Stumeer 28, 3994 HJ Houten The Netherlands
Research Now SAS (France) 54, Rue de Paradis Paris, France 75010
Research Now Technology Hellas An Zinni 40 & L. Syggrou Athens, 11741 Greece
Research Now India Private Limited 10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd. 5 Shenton Way, UIC Building #10-01 Singapore 068808
Research Now Japan G.K. Oak Minami-Azabu, Building 3F 3-19-23 Minami-Azabu, Minato-Ku Tokyo, Japan 105-0047 02-01
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU) Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ) Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
سياسة الخصوصية
Research Now Group, Inc. التالية مخصصة للمقيمين في الجزائر ، البحرين ، جزر القمر ، تشاد ، جيبوتي ، مصر ، إريتريا ، العراق ، إسرائيل ، الأردن ، الكويت ، لبنان ، ليبيا ، موريتانيا ، المغرب ، عُمان ، قطر ، المملكة العربية السعودية ، الصومال ، السودان ، سوريا ، تونس ، الإمارات العربية المتحدة ، اليمن وفلسطين والصحراء الغربية وهي تمثل سياسة Research Now Group Limited، بعنوانها المسجل في 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London,United Kingdom EC4V 4BF نيابةً عن نفسها وكل أعضاء أسرة شركة the Research Now Group بما فيها كل الشركات التابعة لـ Survey Sampling International, LLC المسجلة عالميًا أدناه (يُشار إليها جميعًا باسم “RN”). يحق لكل الكيانات حول العالم المشار إليها الوصول للبيانات الشخصية التي يتم جمعها بموجب هذه السياسة ويحق لها الوصول و/أو تخزين البيانات من هذا النوع خارج دولتك أو مكان إقامتك بما في ذلك داخل الولايات المتحدة.
تاريخ السريان الأول: 24 فبراير 2000
هذا الإصدار: ساري من 7 مايو 2018
يُحدّد ما يلي سياسية الخصوصية لمجتمعات استطلاعات الرأي الإلكترونية لدى RN، مواقع استطلاعات الرأي الإلكترونية و/أو تطبيقات الجوال (يُشار إليها جميعًا باسم “التطبيق/الخدمات”) التي تُقدّمها شركة RN.
تُحدّد سياسة الخصوصية هذه جمع، واستخدام، والكشف عن البيانات الشخصية أو معلومات التعريف الشخصية (“PII“) وغيرها من المعلومات التي توفرها شركة RN فيما يتعلق بالخدمات التي تُقدّمها حسبما هي محددة في هذا المستند وغيرها من أنشطة RN والأطراف الثالثة حسبما هي محددة في هذا المستند (“الأنشطة غير البحثية”). توفر خدمات شركة RN لك الفرصة للانضمام إلى فريق استطلاع رأي، والمشاركة في استطلاعات الرأي التي تُجريها شركة RN أو تُجريها الأطراف الثالثة (سواءٌ كعضو في فريق استطلاع رأي أو من غير الأعضاء في الفريق)، واستخدام المواقع الإلكترونية المرتبطة بفرق استطلاعات الرأي، واستخدام التطبيق/الخدمات المرتبطة بفرق استطلاعات الرأي، وتلقّي مكافآت وحوافز واستردادها، بما في ذلك – دون قيود – عمليات قيد جوائز اليانصيب، والتي تُقدَّم فيما يتعلق بعضوية فريق استطلاع الرأي و/أو الانتهاء من الاستطلاعات (يُشار إليها جميعًا باسم “الخدمات“). تشمل الأنشطة غير البحثية، على سبيل المثال لا الحصر، تسويق شركة RN خدمات RN و/أو تسويق الأطراف الثالثة خدماتها لك و/أو تبادل بيانات الملف الشخصي و/أو تجميعها مع أطراف ثالثة لوضع الأفكار التسويقية و/أو نماذج الجمهور/المظهر على حد سواء. ويرد وصف أكثر تفصيلاً لهذه الأنشطة غير البحثية في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
يُعد استخدامك لتطبيق/خدمات RN طوعيًا تمامًا، وبالتالي لا تُعالج شركة RN معلومات تعريف شخصيتك فيما يتعلق بالتطبيق/الخدمات والأنشطة غير البحثية وسياسة الخصوصية هذه إلّا بعد موافقتك.
لا تخضع الاستطلاعات التي تُجريها الأطراف الثالثة والبيانات ذات الصلة التي يتم جمعها لسياسة الخصوصية هذه. ويخضع التسجيل في خدمات شركة RN، واستخدامها، والحصول عليها لشروط وأحكام شركة RN. وفي معظم الحالات، لا تكون شركة RN الراعي للاستطلاع وتكون أدوات الاستطلاع ونتائجه أو بياناته مملوكة للجهة الراعية للاستطلاع.
تشمل الإشارات الواردة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه إلى “شركة RN” وشركتها الأم، والشركات التابعة لها والشركات المنتسبة إليها. وتُشير جميع الإشارات بالضمير “نحن” أو “نا” إلى شركة RN. تُخزَّن جميع معلومات التعريف الشخصي على خوادم الشبكات الموجودة في الولايات المتحدة، حيث توجد خوادم شبكات شركة RN، ويمكن لموظفي شركة RN و/أو وكلائها بجميع أنحاء العالم الوصول إليها. لأغراض هذه السياسة، يُقصد بالمستجيب أي شخص يُشارك في خدمات RN، بما في ذلك جمع البيانات غير الفعالة و/أو يُشارك في الأنشطة غير البحثية المُبيَّنة في هذا المستند. لأغراض هذه السياسة، تشمل عبر الإنترنت تصفح الويب باستخدام الأجهزة الجوالة.
ما هي البيانات الشخصية والمعلومات الأخرى التي يجمعها التطبيق/الخدمات وكيف يتم استخدامها؟
تجمع شركة RN معلومات التعريف الشخصية (“PII”) من المشاركين في البحث أثناء التسجيل في استطلاع رأي وبعده، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – أثناء المشاركة في استطلاع، وفيما يتعلق باستلام المكافآت والحوافز واستردادهما، و/أو أثناء عملية التسجيل في التطبيق/الخدمات والتنزيل. سيُطلب منك تقديم بعض معلومات التعريف الشخصية والمعلومات الديموغرافية، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – اسمك وعنوانك (عناوينك)، ورقم (أرقام) هاتفك (هواتفك) (بما في ذلك رقم الهاتف المنزلي، والجوال، و/أو العمل)، وعنوان (عناوين) البريد الإلكتروني، وتاريخ الميلاد، والمهنة/التعليم، ورقم التعريف الفريد للمُشارك في الاستطلاع/المستجيب الذي قد خصّصناه لك عند التسجيل في حساب (يُشار إليها على انفراد باسم “UID” ويُشار إليها جميعًا باسم “UIDs”)، والمعلومات العرقية والجنسانية. وبالإضافة إلى جمع معلومات التعريف الشخصية المذكورة أعلاه، فإنه أثناء وعقب عملية التسجيل، قد يُطلب منك أن تقدم طوعًا بيانات حسَّاسة أو تفصح عنها. ويقصد بمصطلح “البيانات الحسَّاسة” معلومات التعريف الشخصية التي تكشف عن أو تُفصح عن الظروف الصحية والطبية، أو التوجه الجنسي أو الحياة الجنسية، أو الآراء/وجهات النظر السياسية، والعرق/الأصل العرقي، والمعتقدات الدينية والفلسفية والعضوية النقابية. تُستخدم البيانات الحساسة في استهداف فرص الاستطلاعات لك وخلاف ذلك المبينة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
تجمع شركة RN معلومات التعريف الشخصية، والبيانات الحساسة والمعلومات الديموغرافية من غير الأعضاء في فريق الاستطلاع قبل وأثناء المشاركة في أي استطلاع رأي.
تُزوّد شركة RN عملائها و/أو شركائها في الإعلانات بمعلومات حول جهازك، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – مُعرّف الجهاز للمعلنين أو مُعرّف الإعلانات والتفاعلات مع التطبيق/الخدمات بعد موافقتك. قد تستخدم شركة RN والعملاء و/أو شركاء الإعلانات هذه المعلومات من أجل تيسير استطلاعات الرأي التي تُجريها RN، وتسويق منتجات RN وخدماتها لك، والإعلانات القائمة على مصلحة غير مرتبطة، لربط جهازك بالبيانات الإضافية عنك و/أو جهازك المتاح من منصات طرف ثالث لإدارة البيانات، ومقدمي/ سماسرة بيانات و/أو التحقق من صحة معلومات معيّنة التي توفرها عن نفسك و/أو جهازك. انقر هنا لمعرفة المزيد حول بعض شركائنا في الإعلانات، بما في ذلك كيفية الانسحاب لاحقًا.
المعلومات الإضافية التي تُرسلها.
يمكنك إرسال المحتوى أو المواد، أو تحميلها أو نقلها، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – الصور، ومقاطع الفيديو، و/ أو أي محتوى أو مواد مماثلة أو ذات صلة التي قد تشمل معلومات التعريف الشخصية الخاصة بك (“محتوى المستخدم”)، على سبيل المثال، عند اكتمال استطلاعات الرأي. ستُجمع معلومات التعريف الشخصية الواردة في محتوى المستخدم وتُستخدم ويُكشف عنها على النحو المنصوص عليه في سياسة الخصوصية هذه. كما ينبغي ألا يتضمن محتوى المستخدم الصوت، أو الفيديو، أو الصور، أو صورة أي شخص آخر غير المستخدم.
المعلومات التي يتم جمعها من خلال الوسائل المؤتمتة تعني:
يجمع التطبيق/الخدمات أيضًا معلومات معينة تلقائيًا، مثل معلومات حول جهازك وإمكانيات جهازك، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – نظام تشغيل الجهاز، والتطبيقات الأخرى المثبتة على جهازك، وعنوان بروتوكول الإنترنت “IP”، ومزود خدمة الإنترنت على الجهاز، ونوع الجهاز، والمنطقة الزمنية، وحالة الشبكة، ونوع المتصفح، ومُعرّف المتصفح، ورقم تعريف الجهاز الفريد (مثل مُعرّفات للتحليلات والإعلانات)، ومعرّف مستخدم مزود خدمة الإنترنت (رقم فريد يخصصه لك مزود خدمة الإنترنت)، وعنوان التحكم في الوصول إلى الوسائط (MAC)، والهُوية الدولية للأجهزة الجوالة، والموقع، والمعلومات الأخرى التي يمكن استخدامها منفردة أو مجتمعة لتحديد جهازك بشكل فريد. بالإضافة إلى ذلك، فيما يلي أمثلة محددة من هذه المعلومات ووسائل التكنولوجيا التي تجمعها:
بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي. سيطلب التطبيق/الخدمات إذنك للحصول على معلومات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي من جهازك الجوال، وقد يوفر التطبيق/الخدمات معلومات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي هذه في أي وقت، سواءٌ أكان التطبيق/الخدمات مفتوحة أم لا. إذا كنت توافق على مشاركة بيانات تحديد موقعك الجغرافي، بالإضافة إلى الأغراض المنصوص عليها في “استخدام شركة RN للمعلومات” أدناه، فسوف تستخدم RN أيضًا معلومات موقعك لتُقدّم لك الخيار للمشاركة في استطلاعات الرأي المستندة إلى الموقع، وبحوث السوق و/أو مشاركة بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي هذه مع عملاء من طرف ثالث لإثبات بعض أنماط الموقع و/أو المرور من المشاركين في التطبيق/الخدمات. وبالإضافة إلى ذلك، قد تُشارك RN بيانات تحديد موقعك الجغرافي مع مورّدين من طرف ثالث لتحديد عناوين المنشآت التجارية بالقرب من موقعك، مثل المتاجر أو المطاعم. لمعرفة المزيد حول هؤلاء المورّدين، يُرجى زيارة https://www.placed.com للحصول على وصف للخدمات التي يُقدّمونها وكيفية استخدام بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي، بما في ذلك استخدام المورّد لهذه البيانات من أجل الإعلان استنادًا إلى الموقع الجغرافي.
قد تستخدم شبكات الإعلانات بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي لتزويدك بإعلانات مستندة إلى الموقع الجغرافي. ويرد أدناه وصفًا أكثر تفصيلاً لاستخدام شبكات الإعلانات للبيانات وكيفية إلغاء الاشتراك منها.
إذا لم تعد ترغب في مشاركة بيانات تحديد موقعك الجغرافي من خلال جهازك، فيُرجى تغيير إعدادات الخصوصية في جهازك فيما يخص التطبيق/الخدمات.
التطبيق/الخدمات والوظائف. قد تطلب RN الوصول إلى بعض التطبيقات و/أو الوظائف المتوفرة على جهازك أو من خلاله من أجل استخدامها فيما يتعلق بالتطبيق/الخدمات والخدمات. سيُطلب الوصول من خلال الإشعار اللحظي أو التنبيهات الأخرى، ولن يُمنح الوصول إلا بموافقتك. وإذا كنت توافق، فيمكنك إلغاء الاشتراك لاحقًا عن طريق تغيير إعداداتك في الجهاز.
معلومات وسائل الإعلام الاجتماعية. قد تُعرض عليك أيضًا الفرصة للوصول إلى التطبيق/الخدمات من خلال منصات وسائل الإعلام الاجتماعية الخاصة بالطرف الثالث. وإذا حدّدتَ هذا الخيار، فقد تجمع شركة RN بعض معلومات الملف الشخصي المُخزّنة في حساب منصة وسائل الإعلام الاجتماعية الخاصة بك.
ملفات تعريف الارتباط والتكنولوجيا المماثلة. ملفات تعريف الارتباط هي ملفات صغيرة تُخزّن بيانات مُعيَّنة على الجهاز. وتنتهي صلاحية ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بجلسة العمل عند إغلاق المتصفح. تظل ملفات تعريف الارتباط الدائمة على جهازك حتى يتم حذفها أو تصل إلى تاريخ انتهاء صلاحية محدد. يمكنك ضبط متصفحك لإعلامك عند تلقي ملفات تعريف الارتباط. ويجوز مشاركة البيانات الجغرافية الإضافية والبيانات الديموغرافية مثل بيانات قياس رأي الجمهور (كما هو محدّد أدناه) مع أطراف ثالثة وربطها بملف تعريف ارتباط على جهازك.
يمكن وضع ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة بالطرف الأول والطرف الثالث، والتكنولوجيا المماثلة أو ذات الصلة، ومُعرّفات الأجهزة (مثل، مُعرّفات الأجهزة للمعلنين، ومُعرّفات المعلنين على أجهزة الأندرويد، وغير ذلك)، وكتابتها، وتعيينها و/أو قراءتها لأغراضٍ عديدة، منها – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – توفير تجربة أفضل للمشاركة في استطلاع الرأي، ورقابة الجودة، وتوثيق المصداقية، ولتمكين أو تيسير المشاركة في استطلاع الرأي، وتتبُّع الاستطلاعات المكتملة أو غيرها من الأنشطة المكتملة، واكتشاف الاحتيال و/أو منعه، وبحث فاعلية الإعلانات على الإنترنت، وقياس تتبُّع المواقع الإلكترونية وجمهورها، ولوضع أفكار الجمهور و/أو النماذج المتشابهة فيما يتعلق بالحملات التسويقية، ولغرض استهداف الإعلانات وغيرها من المحتويات للأفراد، وذلك وفقًا لموافقتك حسبما يقتضي القانون المُطبّق. ومع ذلك، فيما يخص بعض ملفات تعريف الارتباط و/أو التكنولوجيا المماثلة أو ذات الصلة، إذا قررت عدم قبول ملفات تعريف الارتباط، لن تتمكن من استخدام التطبيق/الخدمات.
فيما يلي وصفًا أكثر تفصيلاً لملفات تعريف الارتباط:
أساسي
PHPSESSID
التحليلات والتخصيص
Google Analytics
 
بائع
الغرض
90 يومًا
قياس مدى المشاركة في محتوى الفيديو لفهم كيفية استهلاك الجماهير المختلفة لمحتوى الفيديو بشكلٍ أفضل.
قياس فعالية الإعلانات على الإنترنت، تتبع زيارات المواقع الإلكترونية، إنشاء الجماعات المتشابهة وأفكار الجمهور على الإنترنت
قياس فعالية الإعلانات على الإنترنت، تتبع زيارات المواقع الإلكترونية، إنشاء الجماعات المتشابهة وأفكار الجمهور على الإنترنت
قياس فعالية الإعلانات على الإنترنت، تتبع زيارات المواقع الإلكترونية، إنشاء الجماعات المتشابهة وأفكار الجمهور على الإنترنت
 
ملفات السجل. قد يجمع التطبيق/الخدمات بعض المعلومات تلقائيًا ويخزنها في ملفات السجل، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – البيانات المتاحة من متصفح الويب لديك، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – عنوان الـ IP، ونوع المتصفح، ومزود خدمة الإنترنت، وصفحات الإحالة/الخروج، ونظام التشغيل، والتاريخ/الطابع الزمني، والنقر فوق بيانات التدفق.
تقنية البصمات الرقمية. بصفة عامة، تخصص تقنية البصمات الرقمية مُعرِّفًا فريدًا لجهازك بناءً على إعدادات الجهاز الفنية والخصائص وعنوان الـ IP. وتستخدم شركة RN تقنية البصمات الرقمية لأغراض مراقبة الجودة والتحقق والكشف عن الاحتيال و/أو منعه، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – تحديد المشاركين المتكررين والمستجيبين المحتالين. قد تُنفِّذ شركة RN أخذ البصمات الرقمية وتستخدمها مباشرةً أو من خلال مورّد من طرف ثالث بعد موافقتك حسبما يقتضي القانون المُطبّق.
وضع العلامات المائية. بصفة عامة، تتضمن العلامة المائية وضع تقنية أو ملف على جهازك لتحديد الملفات التي تم استخدامها سابقًا للتسجيل أو الوصول إلى التطبيق/الخدمات أو الخدمات. تُستخدم العلامة المائية لأغراض مراقبة الجودة والتحقق، والكشف عن الاحتيال و/أو منعه. قد تُشارك شركة RN في أنشطة العلامات المائية مباشرةً أو من خلال مورّد من طرف ثالث بعد موافقتك حسبما يقتضي القانون المُطبّق. في بعض الحالات، قد نستخدم المعلومات التي يتم جمعها من خلال الوسائل المؤتمتة، بجانب معلومات أخرى، من أجل التعرف على المستخدمين (أو أفراد الأسرة) عبر المنصات أو عبر الأجهزة، مثل الهواتف الذكية، أو أجهزة الكمبيوتر، أو الأجهزة اللوحية أو المتصفحات ذات الصلة، وللأغراض الواردة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه.
المعلومات التي يتم جمعها من الأطراف الثالثة
يجوز لشركة RN الحصول على معلومات التعريف الشخصية، والمعلومات السلوكية و/أو الديموغرافية من أطراف ثالثة، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – منصات إدارة البيانات، وشبكات الإعلانات، ومكاتب خدمات المعلومات، وغيرهم من مورّدي العينات، و/أو منصات وسائل الإعلام الاجتماعية. يجوز لشركة RN استخدام معلومات التعريف الشخصية، والبيانات السلوكية و/أو الديمغرافية الواردة من هذه الأطراف الثالثة لأغراضٍ مختلفة، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – التحقق من صحة البيانات، وإلحاق البيانات، وتطوير الأفكار التسويقية والنماذج المتشابهة، وأغراض الكشف عن الاحتيال، و/أو إرسال رسالة إلكترونية لك لمرة واحدة من أجل دعوتك للمشاركة في استطلاع رأي و/أو الانضمام إلى فريق استطلاع. وبالإضافة إلى ذلك، قد يتم إلحاق بيانات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي، بما في ذلك المعلومات المتعلقة بالبيع بالتجزئة والمؤسسات التجارية الأخرى التي قد تزورها في أثناء تمكين ميزة تحديد الموقع الجغرافي، إلى ملفك الشخصي الخاص بفريق الاستطلاع و/أو مشاركتها مع عملاء شركة RN إذا اخترتَ المشاركة في خدمات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي.
كيف تستخدم شركة RN المعلومات التي تجمعها؟
استخدام شركة RN للمعلومات:
بالإضافة إلى الأغراض الواردة أعلاه، تستخدم شركة RN البيانات الشخصية الي يتم جمعها من خلال التطبيق/الخدمات على النحو التالي: (1) التواصل معك بشأن عضويتك لدى فرق استطلاع الرأي المملوكة لشركة RN؛ و(2) التواصل معك بشأن مشاركتك في استطلاعات الرأي؛ و(3) إتاحة فرص استطلاعات الرأي لك وتنظيم الإعلانات لكي تظهر لك خارج التطبيق/الخدمات لأغراض تسهيل الانتهاء من استطلاعات استدعاء الإعلانات؛ و(4) إرسال إشعارات بفرص استطلاعات الرأي لك؛ و(5) الامتثال لأي وجميع الالتزامات القانونية، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – الالتزامات الضريبية؛ و(6) إدارة وتنظيم برامج مكافآت وحوافز شركة RN وتلبية طلباتك للحصول على المكافآت والحوافز؛ و(7) تسهيل مشاركتك في جوائز يانصيب شركة RN والعروض الترويجية والتواصل معك بخصوص هذه المشاركات؛ و(8) تحديث سجلات شركة RN؛ و(9) الامتثال لأي التزامات أو اشتراطات خاصة بإخفاء البيانات؛ و(10) لأغراض اكتشاف الاحتيال و/أو منعه؛ و(11) ربط جهازك و/أو ملفك الشخصي بالمعلومات الإضافية المتوفرة عنك و/أو جهازك المتوفر من منصات إدارة البيانات (“DMP”)؛ و(12) تسويق منتجات/خدمات شركة RN لك؛ و(13) تمكين الأطراف الثالثة من تسويق منتجاتهم/خدماتهم لك؛ و(14) تمكين شركة RN والأطراف الثالثة من تطوير أفكار التسويق و/أو نماذج الجمهور/المتشابهة؛ و(15) التحقق من صحة معلومات الملف الشخصي التي تُزوّدنا بها؛ و/أو (16) كما يُسمح بخِلاف ذلك وفقًا لهذه السياسة أو بتفويض آخر منك. قد تستخدم شركة RN المعلومات التي تجمعها في سياق التطبيق/الخدمات فيما يتعلق بفِرق استطلاعات الرأي الأخرى التي تُديرها شركة RN و/أو فيما يتعلق بالأنشطة غير البحثية. وفيما يتعلق بربط بيانات التطبيق/الخدمات ببيانات منصة إدارة البيانات لدى الطرف الثالث، تستخدم شركة RN هذه البيانات نفسها و/أو تسمح لعملاء شركة RN و/أو منصة إدارة البيانات نفسها لاستخدام تلك البيانات لتزويدك بفرص استطلاعات الرأي، ولقياس فعالية الإعلانات (كما هو موضّح بمزيدٍ من التفاصيل أدناه)، ولتقسيم الجمهور؛ ولتصميم حملات الدعاية باستخدام المجموعات “المتشابهة” استنادًا إلى استطلاع الرأي وبيانات الطرف الثالث؛ و/أو تسويق منتجات/خدمات الطرف الثالث لك.
إعادة الاستهداف. يجوز لشركة RN من وقتٍ لآخر تكليف طرف ثالث أو أطراف ثالثة إمّا لعرض الإعلانات على موقع (مواقع) RN الإلكترونية أو لإدارة إعلانات RN على مواقع إلكترونية أخرى (على سبيل المثال، مواقع وسائل الإعلام الاجتماعية). ويجوز لشريك (شركاء) شركة RN من الأطراف الثالثة استخدام التقنيات مثل ملفات تعريف الارتباط أو تحديد عناصر البيانات. وبما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – مُعرّف جهازك للمعلنين أو مُعرّف الإعلانات لجمع معلومات حول أنشطتك على موقع (مواقع) شركة RN الإلكترونية و/أو على المواقع الإلكترونية الأخرى من أجل: (أ) تزويدك بإعلانات عن شركة RN وخدماتها و/أو (ب) مساعدة شركة RN في تطوير حملات التسويق والدعاية المُصمَّمة لاستهداف الأفراد الذين لديهم ملف تعريف اجتماعي وديموغرافي مماثل لملفك الشخصي الاجتماعي والديموغرافي. وفي حالة تنفيذ شركة RN لبرنامج إعادة استهداف وكنت لا ترغب في المشاركة في هذا البرنامج، يُرجى الانسحاب عبر عملية رفض ملفات تعريف الارتباط المُطبّقة والمُوضّحة في سياسة الخصوصية هذه أو في إخطار ملفات تعريف الارتباط الخاصة RN المنفصل عن طريق تعديل مُعرّف جهازك للمعلنين أو مُعرّف الإعلانات و/أو عن طريق إلغاء الاشتراك ضمن الإعلان نفسه.
أفكار/تشابه الجمهور. قد تستخدم شركة RN و/أو الأطراف الثالثة معلومات التعريف الشخصية التي يتم جمعها منك و/أو قد تربط معلومات التعريف الشخصية التي يتم جمعها منك بملفات تعريف ارتباط طرف ثالث لتطوير أفكار و/أو نماذج تشابه الجمهور فيما يتعلق بحملات التسويق.
فعالية الإعلانات على الإنترنت. فيما يخص برنامج شركة RN لقياس مدى فعالية الإعلانات على الإنترنت، يمكنك المشاركة في استطلاعات الرأي بشأن إعلانات، وعروض ترويجية، ومحتوى، وحملات، و/أو مواقع إلكترونية تختبرها الشركة لصالح عملائها. ولتسهيل الانتهاء من هذه الاستطلاعات، يجوز لعملاء شركة RN كتابة، أو تحديد، أو قراءة ملفات تعريف الارتباط، والكائنات التي يتم مشاركتها/المُخزّنة داخليًا، وملفات تعريف الارتباط السريعة و/أو أي تقنية أخرى ذات صلة (يُشار إلى كل منها باسم “تقنية الطرف الثالث” وإليها مجتمعة باسم “تقنيات الطرف الثالث“). ويجوز كتابة تقنيات الطرف الثالث، أو تحديدها، أو قراءتها في مواقع مختلفة، بما في ذلك -دون حصر- خوادم أو أنظمة شركة RN. وفي حالة مشاركتك، سيتم تخزين رقم تعريفك الفريد أو المرتبط بتقنية الطرف الثالث للسماح بإعادة الاتصال بك بشأن الإعلان أو الترويج عبر الإنترنت، وسيستخدم عميل شركة RN تقنية الطرف الثالث لتحديد ما إذا كنت قد اطّلعتَ على الإعلان، أو الترويج عبر الإنترنت، أو بالنقر عليه، أو تفاعلت معه بخِلاف ذلك. وإذا كنت قد تفاعلت مع الإعلان أو الترويج عبر الإنترنت، فسوف يُرسل عميل شركة RN رقم تعريفك الفريد والاستطلاع المحدّد للشركة وستوفر الشركة لك الفرصة لاستكمال استطلاع الرأي.
بيانات قياس رأي الجمهور. بالإضافة إلى استخدام ومشاركة بيانات قياس رأي الجمهور (كما هو محدّد أدناه) فيما يتعلق بأبحاث فعالية الإعلان على الإنترنت، مثل البحث المبيّن أعلاه، يجوز لشركة RN مشاركة رقم تعريفك الفريد والبيانات التي جمعتها سابقًا، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – العمر، والجنس، والدخل، وعدد الأشخاص في منزلك، والتعليم/مستوى التعليم، وحالة التوظيف، (“بيانات قياس رأي الجمهور“)، مع الأطراف الثالث، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – مقاولو شركة RN من الباطن، وشركائها، و/أو عملائها بغرض الإبلاغ بقياس رأي الجمهور عن المحتوى، والإعلانات، والحملات، والمواقع الإلكترونية التي تزورها، وتشاهدها، و/أو تنقر فوقها. سوف تُستخدم بيانات قياس رأي الجمهور فيما يتعلق ببحث فعالية الإعلان على الإنترنت وللمساعدة في إنشاء، وتطوير، وتنفيذ المواقع الإلكترونية، والإعلانات عبر الإنترنت، وغيرها من ميزات الوسائط الرقمية وعبر الإنترنت، والوظائف، والحملات. ويجوز مشاركة بيانات قياس رأي الجمهور في نموذج ملخص واحد (أي: مستوى مشارك فردي) أو نموذج ملخص مُجمع (أي: مجموعة من المشاركين).
كيف يستخدم المعلنون/شبكات الإعلانات معلوماتي؟
استخدام شركاء الإعلانات للمعلومات.
يمكنك استخدام التطبيق/الخدمات للمشاركة في استطلاعات الرأي، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – استطلاعات الرأي المتعلقة بإعلانات وحملات ترويج محدّدة والتي تختبرها شركة RN لصالح عملائها التجاريّين. ويمكنك مشاهدة هذه الإعلانات أو الحملات الترويجية في أماكن عديدة، منها – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – تطبيقات الجوال غير التابعة لشركة RN (على سبيل المثال، تطبيق ألعاب)، بعد أن تُزوّدك شركة RN بإمكانية الوصول إلى أو الاتصال بك من أجل استكمال استطلاع حول إعلان أو ترويج قد تعرّضتَ له. لتسهيل استكمال استطلاعات الرأي حول الإعلانات والحملات الترويجية، قد أبرمت شركة RN شراكة مع شركات الدعاية التي تُقدّم الإعلانات، أو تقيسها أو تُسهّلها، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر، في العديد من تطبيقات الجوال الأخرى. يزود التطبيق/الخدمات شبكات الإعلانات برقم التعريف الفريد، ومُعرّف جهازك الفريد، والكثير من أو كل أنواع المعلومات الأخرى الواردة في قسم “المعلومات التي يتم جمعها من خلال الوسائل المؤتمتة” أعلاه (بما في ذلك موقعك الجغرافي الحالي، إذا كان جهازك يسمح بجمع معلومات تحديد الموقع الجغرافي). ثم، عند استخدام تطبيق جوال قد أقام شراكة مع إحدى شركات الدعاية، بإمكان شركة الدعاية استخدام مُعرّف الجهاز الفريد أو المعلومات التي جمعها تلقائيًا للتعرّف على جهازك. يجوز لشركة الدعاية عندئذٍ أن تعرض لك إعلان أو ترويج تختبره شركة RN لصالح أحد عملائنا التجاريّين. ويجوز لشركة الدعاية إبلاغ شركة RN أنّ الجهاز المرتبط برقم تعريفك الفريد قد تلقَّى للتو إعلان أو ترويج، ممّا يسمح لشركة RN تزويدك بإمكانية الوصول إلى أو الاتصال بك لاستكمال استبيان خاص بالإعلان أو الترويج. وفي حال موافقتك، تستخدم شركات الدعاية أيضًا المعلومات التي تجمعها عن جهازك وتفاعلاتك مع التطبيق/الخدمات وتطبيقات الجوال الأخرى لتزويدك بإعلانات أخرى في التطبيقات التي تم تصميمها وفق اهتماماتك ولأغراض أخرى. لمعرفة المزيد حول بعض من شركات الدعاية هذه، بما في ذلك كيفية إلغاء الاشتراك، يُرجى زيارة ما يلي:
ما الاتصالات التي سأتلقاها من خلال التطبيق/الخدمات أو فيما يتعلق بالخدمات؟
قد تتصل بك شركة RN من أجل المشاركة في استطلاعات رأي عن طريق الإشعارات “اللحظية” أو الرسائل القصيرة/الرسائل النصية، إذا كنت توافق صراحةً على تلقّي مثل هذه الاتصالات.
وبالإضافة إلى ذلك، ستُرسل شركة RN و/أو وكلائها أو مورّديها نيابةً عنها رسائل إلكترونية إليك بخصوص الدعوات للمشاركة في استطلاعات رأي، والمشاركة في استطلاع رأي، أو معلومات المكافآت والحوافز، والاستعلامات والاسترداد، والرسائل الإخبارية، والإخطارات المطلوبة لتوفير ما يلي أو بموجب القانون، والمشاركة في سحوبات اليانصيب أو الترويج، والإخطار بالفوز في يناصيب أو ترويج، وردّاً على استفسارات تقدَّمتَ بها.
عندما تُزوّد شركة RN برقم (أرقام) هاتفك (هواتفك)، فقد تتصل شركة RN وعملائها و/أو مقاوليها من الباطن بك أيضًا عن طريق الهاتف فيما يتعلق بحسابك، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر: (1) الاستطلاعات المتاحة لك أو تشارك فيها؛ و(2) معلومات المكافآت أو الحوافز، والاستعلامات، والاسترداد؛ و(3) المشاركة في اليانصيب أو الترويج، والوفاء بالجوائز؛ و(4) الرد على استفساراتك؛ و(5) الإخطارات بموجب سياسة الخصوصية هذه؛ و(6) الدعوات و/أو فرص استطلاعات الرأي الإضافية؛ و/أو (7) التحقق من معلومات الملف الشخصي التي قدمتها لنا.
هل تشارك شركة RN المعلومات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات التي تم جمعها من خلال التطبيق/الخدمات مع الأطراف الثالثة؟
عملاً بالقانون المعمول به، يجوز لشركة RN الكشف عن أو نقل المعلومات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات التي تم جمعها من خلال التطبيق/الخدمات إلى الأطراف الثالثة على النحو التالي:
(1) بعد موافقتك.
(2) ردًا على استدعاء أو أمر صادر من محكمة أو جهة حكومية.
(3) إنشاء، أو ممارسة، أو الدفاع عن المطالبات القانونية لأحد الأفراد أو شركة RN، بما في ذلك حماية سلامة الفرد أو لحماية حقوق و/أو ممتلكات شركة RN؛
(4) بين مختلف فرق استطلاع RN المختلفة، إذا قمتَ بالتسجيل لأكثر من فريق استطلاع واحد.
(5) للشركة الأم، أو الشركة الفرعية، أو التابعة لشركة RN: (أ) في حالة إعادة التنظيم أو إعادة الهيكلة، أو (ب) لاستخدامها ومعالجتها وفقًا لسياسة الخصوصية هذه أو بتفويض منك.
(6) للوكلاء المعتمدين و/أو المقاولين من الباطن التابعين لشركة RN و/أو لعملائها، والذين يُقدّمون الخدمات، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – خدمات إلحاق البيانات، وخدمات التحقق من صحة البيانات، وخدمات الكشف عن الاحتيال و/أو منعه، وخدمات مطابقة قواعد البيانات، وخدمات الترميز، والمكافأة، والحوافز، والخدمات المتعلقة بجوائز اليانصيب؛
(7) لعميل وذلك لاستخدامات أبحاث السوق المحدود بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – النمذجة، والتحقق، وإضافة البيانات، وتجزئة قاعدة البيانات، واسترداد المكافآت أو الحوافز أو جوائز اليانصيب، والإنجاز، و/أو المشاركة في استطلاع رأي.
(8) فيما يخص تغيير الملكية أو التحكم، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – الاندماج أو الاستحواذ على أي أو جميع أصول شركة RN التجارية، شريطة أن يوافق الطرف الذي يتلقى أو يحصل على معلومات التعريف الشخصية على استخدامها، وحمايتها، والحفاظ على أمنها، وسريتها، ونزاهتها وفقًا لسياسة الخصوصية هذه؛
(9) لعميل أو لعميل هذا العميل في حالة اعتقاد شركة RN أو طرف ثالث أنّك تنتهك حقوق الملكية الفكرية لطرف ثالث أو قد تنتهكها؛
(10) لعميل أو لعميل هذا العميل في حالة اعتقاد شركة RN أو طرف ثالث أنّك انتهكت شروط الخدمة؛
(11) لطرف ثالث، الذي سيشمل عملاء أبحاث شركة RN والأطراف الثالثة المشارِكة في الأنشطة غير البحثية لتمكين الطرف الثالث هذا لتصميم حملات التسويق، وتطوير أفكار الجمهور، والنماذج المتشابهة و/أو لتسويق منتجات/خدمات الطرف الثالث لك؛ و
(12) كما يسمح بخلاف ذلك وفقًا لسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
بالإضافة لما سبق، إذا سجّلتَ عن طريق طرف ثالث تربطه علاقة تقاعدية مع RN و/أو من بريد إلكتروني أرسلته شركة طرف ثالث يعرض عليك الانضمام لتطبيقنا/خدماتنا (يُشار إليها جميعًا باسم “شريك البرنامج”)، قد تُشاطر شركة RN معلومات التسجيل مع شريك البرنامج الذي دعاك للبرنامج، والتي قد تتضمّن اسمك الكامل، رمزك البريدي، وعنوان بريدك الإلكتروني. أنت تُقر بأنّ شريك البرنامج لدينا يمكنه جمع هذه المعلومات، واستخدامها، والكشف عنها بما يتماشى مع سياسة الخصوصية. من فضلك لاحِظ أنّ شركة RN لن تكون مسؤولة عن وستكون في حِل من المسؤولية عن إجراءات شريك البرنامج بشأن معلوماتك أو عن أي ممارسات خصوصية خاصة بشريك البرنامج حينما تتعامل مباشرةً معها.
يُرجى العلم أنّ شركة RN قد تسمح لعميل بجمع معلومات التعريف الشخصية مباشرةً من المشاركين. يُعد الإفصاح أمرًا طوعيًا ويلزم من العميل، قبل جمع المعلومات، إبرام اتفاق كتابي مع شركة RN، والتي -من بين أمور أخرى- تُحدّد قيود الاستخدام لمعلومات التعريف الشخصية.
قد تُرخّص شركة RN بعض معلومات التعريف الشخصية للأطراف الثالثة (على سبيل المثال، سماسرة البيانات، جامعو البيانات، وغير ذلك) من أجل أغراضهم غير البحثية، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – إصدار التراخيص للبيانات على مستوى الأفراد و/أو على المستوى الكلي (على سبيل المثال، نشاط شراء أو استخدام المنتج و/أو الخدمة، ونشاط الإعلام الاجتماعي، وبيانات زيارة الموقع الإلكتروني، وسجل البحث على شبكة الإنترنت، وغير ذلك) من أجل تطوير أفكار الجمهور و/أو النماذج المتشابهة، لغرض بيع تلك البيانات لعملاء الطرف الثالث لغرض إجراء التحليلات وتوفير البحوث التسويقية و/أو تمكين الطرف الثالث لتسويق منتجاته/خدماته لك.
إضافة إلى ذلك، يتم توفير أرقام التعريف الفريدة والمعلومات التي يتم جمعها من خلال وسائل آلية لأطراف ثالثة، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – العملاء، والشركاء، والوكلاء و/أو بائع لأغراض تحديد المشاركين لاستطلاعات إعادة الاتصال أو الاتصالات، والكشف عن الاحتيال و/أو منعه، ومطابقة البيانات، والتحقق من صحة البيانات، وإضافة البيانات، والترميز، وتجزئة البيانات، والمكافأة، والحوافز، و/أو جوائز اليانصيب أو الخدمات ذات الصلة بالترويج.
فيما يتعلق ببيانات استطلاع الرأي، قد تربط شركة RN أو العميل السمات الديموغرافية بك. وقد تشارك شركة RN مع الأطراف الثالثة، بما في ذلك – على سبيل المثال لا الحصر – العملاء، البيانات الجغرافية و/أو البيانات الديموغرافية التي تجمعها منك أثناء التسجيل أو من خلال بعض أسئلة الملف الشخصي قد تطلبها منك الشركة. ويجوز مشاركة هذه البيانات مع الأطراف الثالثة في نموذج ملخص واحد على مستوى الفرد المشارك أو نموذج ملخص كلي (أي: مجموعة من المشاركين). وإذا كشفتَ طوعًا عن معلومات شخصية فيما يخص بيانات استطلاع الرأي والردود عليه، وجمعت شركة RN بيانات استطلاع الرأي والردود عليه، فإنّ شركة RN سوف تنقل بيانات استطلاع الرأي والردود عليه، ورقم التعريف الفريد والمعلومات الشخصية التي تم الكشف عنها طوعًا إلى عميل شركة RN ذي الصلة.
كيف يمكنني الانسحاب من جمع بعض البيانات و/أو استخدامها؟
ثمة خيارات متعددة للانسحاب متاحة لمستخدمي هذا التطبيق/الخدمات.
يمكنك إيقاف جمع بيانات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات عن طريق التطبيق/الخدمات من خلال إلغاء تثبيت التطبيق/الخدمات و/أو إنهاء مشاركتك في فرق استطلاع الرأي. ويمكنك استخدام عمليات إلغاء التثبيت القياسية المتوفرة ضمن جهازك الجوال أو عبر متجر تطبيقات الجوال أو مزود الخدمة و/أو يمكنك إلغاء حسابك الخاص بالمشاركة في الاستطلاع على موقع فريق الاستطلاع. يُرجى العلم أنّه إذا حذفتَ التطبيق/الخدمات، ولكن ما زال يوجد ملف شخصي على أحد مواقع RN الإلكترونية، فقد لا نزال نجمع البيانات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات منك من خلال موقعنا (مواقعنا). إنّ إلغاء تثبيت التطبيق/الخدمات لن يحذف كل المعلومات التي جمعتها شركة RN قبل إجراء إلغاء التثبيت. لحذف جميع المعلومات التي جمعتها شركة RN، يُرجى الاتصال بالشركة على النحو المبيّن أدناه.
يجوز لشركة RN، عقب ستة أشهر من إنهاء حسابك وإلغاء نشاط حسابك و/أو التاريخ الذي قمت فيه بإلغاء تثبيت التطبيق/الخدمات، نقل معلومات التعريف الشخصية الخاصة بك إلى سمسار بيانات تابع لطرف ثالث و/أو منصة إدارة بيانات لأغراض إعادة البيع/إعادة الاستخدام من قِبل الطرف الثالث. إذا كنت لا ترغب في استخدام معلومات التعريف الشخصية الخاصة بك لأغراض الأنشطة غير البحثية و/أو إذا كنت لا توافق على مشاركة شركة RN معلومات التعريف الشخصية الخاصة بك مع أطراف ثالثة بعد إنهاء حسابك و/أو إزالة التطبيق/الخدمات من جهازك، فيُرجى الاتصال بنا عبر البريد الإلكتروني: privacy@surveysampling.com
إلغاء تمكين بيانات تحديد الموقع للأجهزة العاملة بنظام التشغيل iOS
يمكنك، في أي وقت، إلغاء تمكين التطبيق/الخدمات من الوصول إلى بيانات موقعك عن طريق:
• لمس أو تحديد أيقونة الإعدادات في الجهاز؛
• من قائمة الإعدادات، المِس أو حدّد “Location Services” (خدمات الموقع)؛ و
• من قائمة “Location Services” (خدمات الموقع)، يمكنك استخدام شريط التمرير الفردي للتطبيق/الخدمات لإيقاف تشغيل خدمات الموقع.
ملاحظة: إذا أوقفت تشغيل خدمات الموقع، فسوف تظهر لك رسالة تطالبك بتشغيل خدمات الموقع في المرة التالية التي يحاول فيها التطبيق/الخدمات استخدام هذه الميزة.
إلغاء تمكين بيانات تحديد الموقع للأجهزة العاملة بنظام التشغيل Android
يمكنك، في أي وقت، إلغاء تمكين التطبيق/الخدمات من الوصول إلى بيانات موقعك عن طريق:
• لمس الزر “ABOUT” (حول) في أعلى يمين شريط التنقل
• في مربع “ABOUT” (حول)، يمكنك اختيار تشغيل/إيقاف تشغيل “Location Services” (خدمات الموقع) من المفتاح المُسمَّى بـ : “Access to my location” (الوصول إلى موقعي)
إلغاء الإشعارات اللحظية للأجهزة العاملة بنظام التشغيل iOS
يمكنك إلغاء الإشعارات اللحظية للتطبيق/الخدمات عن طريق:
• لمس أو تحديد أيقونة الإعدادات في الجهاز؛
• في قائمة الإعدادات، المِس أو حدّد الإشعارات؛
• إذا كانت الإشعارات اللحظية ممكنة، فتوجد قائمة من الأيقونات، المِس أو حدّد أيقونة التطبيق/الخدمات؛ و
• من هذه الشاشة، سيكون بمقدورك تعديل إعدادات الإشعارات اللحظية للتطبيق/الخدمات.
إلغاء الإشعارات اللحظية للأجهزة العاملة بنظام التشغيل Android
• يمكنك إلغاء الإشعارات اللحظية للتطبيق/الخدمات عن طريق:
• الوصول إلى “Settings” (إعدادات) الجهاز.
• من قائمة “Settings” (الإعدادات)، حدّد موقع إعدادات Apps (التطبيقات).
• من قائمة إعدادات “Apps” (التطبيقات)، حدّد موقع التطبيق ذا الصلة (QuickThoughts أو iPoll)، وقم باختياره.
• حدّد موقع خانة اختيار باسم “Show notifications” (إظهار الإشعارات) واخترها استنادًا إلى تفضيلاتك.
إلغاء اشتراك المراسلات الإلكترونية
يمكنك إلغاء اشتراك المراسلات الإلكترونية، من خلال النقر فوق ارتباط إلغاء الاشتراك في أي رسالة إلكترونية تتلقاها منا أو الاتصال بنا على النحو المبيّن أدناه.
إلغاء مشاركة البيانات الشخصية على منصات وسائل الإعلام الاجتماعي
يمكنك إلغاء مشاركة البيانات الشخصية على منصات وسائل الإعلام الاجتماعي عن طريق تغيير إعدادات التفضيلات/ملفك الشخصي لدى منصة التواصل الاجتماعي بشأن مشاركة البيانات مع الأطراف الثالثة أو إزالة التطبيق/الخدمات من ملف الشخصي على منصة الإعلام الاجتماعي.
إلغاء استخدام مُعرّف الإعلانات المُخصَّص لهاتفك الذكي/جهازك
يمكنك تغيير مُعرّف الإعلانات المُخصَّص لجهازك في أي وقت.
إلغاء اشتراك شبكة الإعلانات
شبكات الإعلانات التي تجمع المعلومات من خلال التطبيق/الخدمات من أجل تسهيل إجراء استطلاعات الرأي وتوفير الإعلانات على أساس الاهتمام توفر بعض آليات إلغاء الاشتراك. لإلغاء الاشتراك، اتبع تعليمات كل شبكة إعلانات في الروابط الواردة أدناه. إذا ألغيت الاشتراك، فلن تتمكن من المشاركة في استطلاعاتنا حول الإعلانات والعروض الترويجية.
شبكة الإعلانات
هل يمكنني إيقاف شركة RN من تتبع أنشطتي على الإنترنت؟
عدم التتبّع أو (“DNT“) عبارة عن أحد التفضيلات في متصفحك يمكنك ضبطها لإعلام المواقع الإلكترونية التي تزورها أنّك لا تريد أن تجمع هذه المواقع معلومات مُعيَّنة عنك. ولا تستجيب شركة RN لإشارات عدم التتبّع. وإذا كنت تعترض على ممارسة شركة RN فيما يتعلق بإشارات عدم التتبّع، فيمكن أن تختار عدم المشاركة أو استخدام خدماتها على النحو المبيّن أدناه.
وفيما يخص برنامج شركة RN لقياس مدى فعالية الإعلانات على الإنترنت، فإنّها تسمح لمقاوليها من الباطن، وشركائها، و/أو عملائها بإسقاط، وتعيين، و/أو كتابة تقنيات الطرف الثالث بغرض تسهيل قياس رأي الجمهور وأنشطة الاستطلاع بشأن استدعاء الإعلان. وشركة RN غير مسؤولة عن امتثال الطرف الثالث لإشارات عدم التتبّع أو الاستجابة لها. لمعرفة المزيد حول برنامج شركة RN لقياس مدى فعالية الإعلانات على الإنترنت، يُرجى مراجعة قسم ملفات تعريف الارتباط بسياسة الخصوصية هذه.
إلى متى سيتم الاحتفاظ ببياناتي الشخصية ومعلوماتي الأخرى؟
ستحتفظ شركة RN بالبيانات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات المتعلقة باستخدامك للتطبيق/الخدمات و/أو الخدمات طالما التطبيق مُثبّت على جهازك و/أو تستخدم التطبيق/الخدمات ولمدة عام (1) واحد بعد ذلك أو أي فترة أخرى قد يقتضيها القانون أو يسمح بها. يجوز لشركة RN، عقب ستة أشهر من إلغاء نشاط حسابك على مواقع فرق الاستطلاع و/أو إلغاء تثبيت التطبيق/الخدمات، نقل معلومات تعريف شخصيتك إلى سمسار بيانات تابع لطرف ثالث و/أو منصة إدارة بيانات لأغراض إعادة البيع/إعادة الاستخدام من قِبل الطرف الثالث.
كيف يمكنني الوصول إلى البيانات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات التي قد جمعها التطبيق/الخدمات عنيّ؟
يحق لك مراجعة بياناتك الشخصية، وتصحيحها، وحذفها وفقًا للقانون المعمول به. ويمكنك الاتصال لطلب هذا الأمر مستخدمًا تفاصيل الاتصال الواردة أدناه.
هل يجمع التطبيق/الخدمات البيانات من القُصّر الذين تقل أعمارهم عن ثمانية عشرة (18) عامًا؟
لم يُصمّم التطبيق/الخدمات أو جرى إعداده من أجل أن يستخدمه الأفراد الذين تقل أعمارهم عن ثمانية عشرة (18) عامًا. نحن لا نجمع البيانات الشخصية من الأطفال الذين تقل أعمارهم عن ثمانية عشرة (18) عامًا من دون علم، وإذا أدركنا أننا جمعنا من دون قصد بيانات شخصية من أطفال تقل أعمارهم عن ثمانية عشرة (18) عامًا، فسوف نبذل جهودًا تجارية معقولة لحذف هذه البيانات الشخصية.
ما مدى الأمان المتاح للبيانات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات التي يتم جمعها من خلال التطبيق/الخدمات؟
تحتفظ شركة RN بمستوى مناسب من الحماية التقنية، والإدارية، والمادية لحماية البيانات الشخصية وغيرها من المعلومات التي تُفصح عنها أو تجمعها. وتُراجع شركة RN ممارسات الخصوصية ونظم الحماية لديها دوريًا، وترصدها، وتُقيِّمها. وعلى الرغم من الضمانات التي نُنفّذها، فإنّ عمليات البث عبر الإنترنت و/أو شبكة الهاتف الجوال ليست آمنة تمامًا ولا تضمن شركة RN أمن عمليات الإرسال عبر الإنترنت. ولا تتحمّل شركة RN المسؤولية عن أي أخطاء يرتكبها الأفراد في إرسال البيانات الشخصية إليها.
بمَن يمكنني الاتصال بشأن أي استفسار حول هذه السياسة؟
إذا كنت ترغب في:
– الاتصال لتقديم طلب إلغاء الاشتراك إلى شركة RN؛
– طلب الوصول إلى بياناتك الشخصية، أو تصحيحها، أو منع الإفصاح عنها أو حذفها؛
– تقديم شكوى بشأن ممارستنا المتبعة في الخصوصية؛
– إلغاء الاشتراك من بعض استخدامات معلومات التعريف الشخصية الخاصة بك؛
أو كانت لديك أية أسئلة بشأن ممارسات الخصوصية المتّبعة في شركة RN و/أو هذه السياسة، فيُرجى الاتصال بنا عبر البريد الإلكتروني على العنوان privacy@surveysampling.com .
الإدارة القانونية لشركة RN مسؤولةٌ عن امتثال RN لهذه السياسة.
هل هناك أي شركات ضمن مجموعة RN Group قد تجمع معلومات التعريف الشخصية، وتُخزّنها، وتعالجها؟
نعم، يُرجى مراجعة قائمة الشركات التالية:
الشركة
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
 The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
Mountain West Research Center L.C.
Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Política de privacidad
El siguiente es la política de privacidad para residentes de México de Research Now Group, Inc. con dirección registrada en 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF en nombre propio y de todos los miembros de la familia corporativa de Research Now Group, incluyendo todos los afiliados de Survey Sampling International, LLC, mencionados a nivel mundial a continuación (denominados colectivamente “RN”). Todas estas entidades a nivel mundial tendrán acceso a los datos personales recopilados de conformidad con esta política y podrán acceder y/o almacenar dichos datos fuera de su país de residencia, incluyendo Estados Unidos.
Fecha de vigencia original: 24 de febrero de 2000
Esta versión: En vigencia a partir del 7 de mayo de 2018
A continuación se expone la política de privacidad para las comunidades de paneles RN en línea, sitios web y/o aplicaciones móviles (colectivamente, “Aplicaciones/Servicios”) que ofrece RN.
Esta Política de privacidad establece la recopilación, uso y divulgación de datos personales o información de identificación personal (“ PII “) y otra información de RN relacionada con los Servicios de RN, como se define aquí y otras actividades de RN y de terceros tal como se definen en este documento (“Actividades no relacionadas con la investigación”). Los servicios de RN le brindan la oportunidad de unirse a un panel, participar en encuestas administradas por RN o por terceros (ya sea como miembro del panel o no miembro del panel), usar los sitios web asociados con los paneles, usar la Aplicación/Servicios asociados con los paneles, y recibir y canjear recompensas e incentivos, incluyendo, entre otras, las participaciones en sorteos, que se ofrecen con relación a la membresía del panel y/o la finalización de encuestas (colectivamente “ Servicios“). Las actividades no relacionadas con la investigación incluyen, entre otras, RN mercadotecnia Servicios RN y/o terceros que le publicitan sus servicios y/o comparten datos de perfiles individuales y/o agregados con terceros para desarrollar ideas de mercadotecnia y/o público/modelos de aspecto similar. Las Actividades no relacionadas con la investigación se describen con más detalle en esta política de privacidad.
Su uso de la Aplicación/Servicios de RN es completamente voluntario y, por lo tanto, el procesamiento por parte de RN de su PII en relación con la Aplicación/Servicios y Actividades no relacionadas con la investigación y esta Política de privacidad es con su consentimiento.
Las encuestas administradas por terceros y los datos recopilados en relación con ellas no están sujetos a esta política de privacidad. El registro, uso y acceso a los Servicios de RN está sujeto a los Términos y Condiciones de RN. En la mayoría de los casos, RN no es el patrocinador de la encuesta ni el instrumento de la encuesta, y los resultados de la encuesta o los datos de la encuesta serán propiedad del patrocinador de la misma.
Todas las referencias en esta Política de privacidad a “RN” incluyen RN y sus empresas matrices, filiales y afiliadas. Todas las referencias a “nosotros” se refieren a RN. Todo PII se almacena en servidores ubicados en Estados Unidos, donde los servidores de RN están ubicados y son accesibles en todo el mundo para los empleados y/o agentes de RN. A los efectos de esta política, el demandado se referirá a cualquier persona que participe en los Servicios de RN, incluyendo la recopilación de datos pasivos y/o que participe en las actividades no relacionadas con la investigación que se describen en este documento. Para propósitos de esta política, en línea incluye la navegación móvil de Internet,
¿Qué datos personales y otra información recaban la Aplicación/Servicios y cómo se utilizan?
RN recopila información de identificación personal (“PII”) de los participantes de la investigación durante y después del registro en un panel, incluyendo, sin límite, durante la participación en una encuesta y con relación a la recepción y canje de recompensas e incentivos y/o el proceso de registro y descarga de la Aplicación/Servicios. Se solicitará que proporcione cierta información PII e información demográfica, incluyendo, entre otros, su nombre, direcciones, números de teléfono (incluyendo los números de teléfono de la casa, celular y/o comercial), direcciones de correo electrónico, fecha de nacimiento y ocupación/educación, el número único de identificación del panelista/encuestado que asignamos cuando se registra para obtener una cuenta (individualmente un “UID” y colectivamente “UIDs”), e información de raza y género. Además de la recopilación de la PII mencionada arriba, se le podrá pedir que proporcione o divulgue Datos Delicados en forma voluntaria durante y después del proceso de registro. “Datos Delicados” significa PII que divulga o revela condiciones médicas y de salud, orientación sexual o vida sexual, opiniones/puntos de vista políticos, origen racial/étnico, creencias religiosas y filosóficas y afiliación sindical. Los Datos Delicados se utilizan para identificar oportunidades de encuestas para usted y como se indica en la presente política de privacidad.
RN recopila PII, Datos Delicados e información demográfica de miembros ajenos al panel antes y durante la participación en una encuesta.
RN proporciona a sus clientes y/o socios publicitarios información sobre su dispositivo, incluyendo, mas no limitado a, el IDFA o la identificación de publicidad de su dispositivo e interacciones con la Aplicación/Servicios bajo su consentimiento. RN, los clientes y/o socios publicitarios pueden usar esta información para facilitar encuestas de RN, comercializar productos y servicios de RN para anuncios publicitarios no relacionados, vincular su dispositivo a datos adicionales sobre usted y/o su dispositivo disponible desde plataformas de administración de datos y proveedores/corredores de datos de terceros y/o para validar cierta información que brinda sobre usted y/o su dispositivo. Haga clic aquí para conocer más sobre nuestros socios publicitarios, incluyendo cómo hacer la baja voluntaria en el futuro.
Información adicional que usted proporciona.
 
 
Información recopilada por medios automatizados:
la Aplicación/Servicios también recaban cierta información automáticamente, tales como información sobre su dispositivo y capacidades del mismo, incluyendo, sin limitación, el sistema operativo del dispositivo, las otras aplicaciones en su dispositivo, dirección IP, proveedor de red de su dispositivo, tipo de dispositivo, zona horaria, estado de la red, tipo de navegador, identificador del navegador, número de identificación único de su dispositivo (tal como identificaciones para propósitos analíticos o de publicidad), identificador del usuario del proveedor de red (número único asignado a usted por su proveedor de red), dirección de control de acceso de medios (Media Access Control , MAC), identificador de equipo móvil internacional, lugar y otra información, que, por si sola, o en combinación, pudiera utilizarse para identificar su dispositivo. A continuación se presentan ejemplos específicos de esta información y de la tecnología que la recopila:
Datos de geolocalización. la Aplicación/Servicios podrán solicitar su permiso para obtener información de geolocalización sobre su dispositivo móvil, y dicha información de geolocalización podrá ser provista por la Aplicación/Servicios en cualquier momento, ya sea que la Aplicación/Servicios estén abiertos, o no. Si acepta compartir sus datos de ubicación geográfica, además de los usos establecidos en “Uso de información de RN” a continuación, RN también utilizará su información de ubicación para ofrecerle la opción de participar en encuestas basadas en la ubicación e investigaciones de mercado y/o compartir dichos datos de geolocalización con clientes de terceros para demostrar cierta ubicación y/o patrones de tráfico de los participantes de la Aplicación/Servicios. Además, RN podrá compartir sus datos de geolocalización con terceros para identificar domicilios comerciales cercanos a su ubicación, tales como tiendas o restaurantes. Para obtener más información acerca de dichos proveedores, visite https://www.placed.com y obtenga una descripción de los servicios que brindan y cómo se utilizan los datos de ubicación geográfica, incluyendo el uso que hace el proveedor de dichos datos para publicidad con base en su ubicación.
Los datos de geolocalización también pudiera utilizarlos redes publicitarias para proporcionarle publicidad basada en su ubicación. El uso de los datos por parte de las redes publicitarias, y cómo no participar, se describe con más detalle a continuación.
Si usted ya no desea compartir sus datos de geolocalización por medio de su dispositivo, ajuste la configuración de privacidad en su dispositivo de la Aplicación/Servicios.
Aplicaciones/Servicios y funcionalidad. RN podría solicitar acceso a ciertas aplicaciones y/o funcionalidad disponible en, o a través de, su dispositivo para uso relacionado con la Aplicación/Servicios y los Servicios. El acceso será solicitado a través de notificaciones automáticas u otras alertas, y el acceso solo será otorgado con su consentimiento. Si usted lo autoriza, también podrá excluirse del mismo posteriormente al cambiar la configuración de su dispositivo.
Información de redes sociales. Se le podrá ofrecer la oportunidad de acceder a la Aplicación/Servicios a través de plataformas de redes sociales de terceros. Si selecciona esta opción, RN recopilará cierta información de perfil almacenada en su cuenta de la plataforma de redes sociales.
Cookies y tecnología similar. Las cookies son pequeños archivos que almacenan ciertos datos en un dispositivo o computadora. Las cookies de sesión vencen cuando usted cierra el navegador. Las cookies persistentes permanecen en su dispositivo hasta que sean eliminadas o hasta que llegue su fecha de vencimiento. Usted pudiera configurar su navegador para que le notifique cuando reciba una cookie. Los datos geográficos y demográficos adicionales, como los datos de medición de la audiencia (según se definen a continuación) pueden compartirse con terceros y asociarse con una cookie colocada en su dispositivo.
Es posible que se coloquen, escriban, establezcan y/o se lean cookies de primeros y terceros y otras tecnologías similares o relacionadas e identificadores de dispositivo (por ejemplo, IDFA, AAID, etc.) para varios propósitos que incluyen, sin límite, brindar una mejor experiencia de encuesta, control de calidad, validación, para permitir o facilitar la participación en encuestas, seguimiento de encuestas completadas u otras acciones completadas, para prevención y/o detección de fraude, investigaciones de eficacia de anuncios en línea, seguimiento de sitio web y medición de audiencia, para desarrollar las ideas de la audiencia y/o modelos similares relacionado con campañas de mercadotecnia, y para el fin de tener anuncios dirigidos y otro contenido para individuos, sujeto a su consentimiento, en los casos en donde se requiera según la ley aplicable. Sin embargo, para ciertas cookies y/o tecnología similar o relacionada, si usted decide no aceptar nuestras cookies, usted no podrá utilizar la aplicación/servicios.
Nuestras cookies se describen con más detalle aquí:
Esencial
PHPSESSID
ANÁLISIS Y PERSONALIZACIÓN
Google Analytics
 
Publicidad
Las instrucciones para la baja voluntaria se encuentran en el enlace a continuación.
Proveedor
180 días
Desarrollo de cohortes parecidas en línea e ideas de la audiencia
90 días
Medición del compromiso de contenido de video para comprender mejor cómo las diferentes audiencias consumen contenido de video.
365 días
Desarrollo de cohortes parecidas en línea e ideas de la audiencia
GWI
Eficacia de anuncios en línea, seguimiento de visitas de sitios web, desarrollo de cohortes parecidas e ideas de la audiencia
HotTraffic/DMAi
Eficacia de anuncios en línea, seguimiento de visitas de sitios web, desarrollo de cohortes parecidas e ideas de la audiencia
Publicis
Eficacia de anuncios en línea, seguimiento de visitas de sitios web, desarrollo de cohortes parecidas e ideas de la audiencia
Archivos de registro. La Aplicación/Servicios podrán recopilar y almacenar automáticamente cierta información, incluyendo, sin límite, datos disponibles de su navegador de Internet, dirección de IP, tipo de navegador, proveedor de servicios de Internet, páginas de referencia y salida, sistema operativo, fecha y hora, así como datos de secuencia de clics en archivos de registro de actividades.
Huellas dactilares digitales. De manera general, las huellas dactilares digitales le asignan un identificador único a su dispositivo o computadora utilizando la configuración técnica, las características y la dirección IP de su dispositivo’. RN utiliza tecnología de huella digital para el control de calidad y propósitos de validación y detección y/o prevención de fraude, incluyendo, sin límite, la identificación de los encuestados duplicados o fraudulentos. RN podrá implementar y utilizar huellas dactilares digitales directamente o a través de un proveedor tercero con su consentimiento cuando así lo requiera la ley correspondiente.
Marcas de agua. En general, las marcas de agua consisten en colocar una tecnología o archivo en su dispositivo para identificar que se ha utilizado previamente para registrarse en la Aplicación/Servicios o acceder a ellos. Las marcas de agua se utilizan para fines de control de calidad, validación y detección y prevención de fraudes. RN podrá realizar las actividades de marcas de agua en forma directa o a través de un proveedor externo con su consentimiento cuando así lo requiera la ley correspondiente. En algunos casos, podremos utilizar información recopilada por medios automatizados, en combinación con otra información, para reconocer usuarios (u hogares) entre plataformas o entre dispositivos como, por ejemplo, teléfonos inteligentes, computadoras, tabletas o navegadores relacionados, para los fines descritos en esta política de privacidad.
Información recopilada de terceros
RN puede obtener información PII, de comportamiento y/o demográfica de terceros, incluyendo, sin límite, plataformas de administración de datos, redes publicitarias, agencias de servicios de información, otros proveedores de muestras y/o plataformas de medios sociales. RN podrá usar la PII, datos de conducta y/o demográficos recibidos de terceros para diversos fines, que pueden incluir, sin límite, la validación de datos, el anexo de datos, el desarrollo de conocimientos de mercadotecnia, para propósitos de detección de fraude y/o el envío de un único correo electrónico para invitarlo a participar en una encuesta o unirse a un panel. Además, los datos de geolocalización, incluyendo la información sobre comercio minorista y otras empresas comerciales que puede visitar mientras la función de geolocalización está habilitada, pueden anexarse al perfil de su panel y/o compartir con los clientes de RN si optó por los servicios de geolocalización.
¿Cómo utiliza RN la información que recaba?
Uso de la información por parte de RN:
Además de los propósitos descritos aquí, RN utiliza los datos personales recabados por medio de la Aplicación/Servicios como se indica a continuación: (i) para comunicarse con usted acerca de su membresía en un panel propiedad de RN; (ii) para comunicarse con usted acerca de su participación en encuestas; (iii) para personalizar oportunidades de encuestas para usted y organizar publicidad que se le mostrará fuera de la Aplicación/Servicios para propósitos de facilitar el llenado de encuestas de recuperación de publicidad; (iv) para enviarle notificaciones de oportunidades de encuestas; (v) para cumplir con todas las obligaciones legales, como serían, sin límite, obligaciones fiscales; (vi) para aplicar y administrar los programas de recompensas e incentivos de RN y responder a sus solicitudes de recompensas e incentivos; (vii) para permitir su participación en sorteos y promociones de RN y comunicarse con usted con respecto a dichas participaciones; (viii) para actualizar los registros de RN; (ix) para cumplir con todas las obligaciones o requisitos de supresión de datos; (x) para fines de detección o prevención de fraudes; (xi) para ligar su dispositivo y/o perfil a información adicional disponible sobre usted y/o su dispositivo disponible desde las plataformas de administración de datos (Data Management Platforms, “DMP”); (xii) para comercializar productos/servicios de RN a usted; (xiii) para permitir que terceros comercialicen sus productos/servicios a usted; (xiv) para permitir que SSI o terceros desarrollen conocimientos de mercadotecnia y/o modelos de público/similares; (xv) para validar información de perfil que usted nos proporcionó; y/o (xvi) según se permita de cumplimiento con esta política, o según usted lo autorice. RN podrá utilizar la información recabada en el contexto de la Aplicación/Servicios en conexión con otros paneles de encuestas que RN administra y/o en conexión con Actividades no relacionadas con investigación. Con respecto al enlace de los datos de la Aplicación/Servicios a datos de DMP de terceros, RN utiliza dichos datos y/o permite a los clientes de RN y/o DMP utilizar dichos datos para proporcionarle oportunidades de encuestas, para medir la efectividad de la publicidad (según se describe con más detalle a continuación), para segmentar los públicos; para diseñar campañas de publicidad utilizando grupos de cohortes “similares” basados en datos de encuestas y terceros, y/o comercializar dichos productos/servicios de terceros a usted.
Redireccionamiento. En algunas ocasiones, RN podrá contratar a uno o más terceros para que exhiban publicidad en sitios de Internet de RN o para que administren la publicidad de RN en otros sitios web (por ejemplo, en sitios de redes sociales). Los socios externos de RN podrán utilizar tecnologías como cookies o elementos de datos de identificación. Incluyendo, entre otros, su IDFA o identificación de publicidad para recabar información sobre sus actividades en sitios web de RN o en otros sitios de Internet, con el fin de: (i) Presentar publicidad sobre RN y sus servicios y/o (ii) ayudar a RN en el desarrollo de campañas publicitarias y de mercadotecnia diseñadas para enfocarse en personas que tengan un perfil social y demográfico similar al suyo. Si RN está llevando a cabo un programa de redireccionamiento y no desea participar en él, podrá darse de baja de manera voluntaria a través del proceso correspondiente de baja voluntaria de cookies presentada en esta política de privacidad en el aviso de cookies de RN presentado en forma aparte, al modificar su IDFA o identificación de publicidad y/o al cancelar la suscripción dentro de la publicidad misma.
Ideas del público/modelos similares. RN y/o terceros podrán utilizar su PII recabada y/o podrán ligar dicha PII a cookies de terceros para desarrollar conocimientos de públicos y/o modelos de similares relacionados con las campanas de mercadotecnia.
Eficacia de publicidad en línea. Con relación al programa de eficacia de anuncios en línea de RN, puede participar en encuestas sobre anuncios, promociones, contenido, campañas y/o sitios web que RN está probando para sus clientes. Para facilitar la realización de estas encuestas, los clientes de RN podrán escribir, establecer o leer cookies, objetos compartidos o almacenados localmente, cookies de Flash y otras tecnologías relacionadas (cada una de ellas una “Tecnología de Terceros“, denominadas colectivamente las “Tecnologías de Terceros“). Las Tecnologías de Terceros podrán escribirse, establecerse o leerse en diversos lugares, como serían, sin límite, servidores o sistemas de RN. Si usted participa, su UID será almacenado o asociado a la Tecnología de Terceros para permitir que se vuelvan a ponerse en contacto con usted acerca del anuncio o la promoción en línea; el cliente de RN utilizará la Tecnología de Terceros para determinar si usted ha visto, ha hecho clic o ha interactuado de otra manera con el anuncio o la promoción en línea. Si ha interactuado con el anuncio o la promoción en línea, el cliente de RN enviará a RN su UID y la encuesta específica a RN; éste le brindará la oportunidad de completar la encuesta.
Datos de Medición de la Audiencia. Además de usar y compartir los Datos de Medición de la Audiencia (según se define a continuación) relacionados con la investigación de eficacia de la publicidad en línea, tal como se describe dicha investigación anteriormente, RN podrá compartir su UID y datos recopilados anteriormente por RN, como serían, sin límite, edad, sexo, ingresos, número de personas en su hogar, educación y nivel educativo, y situación de empleo (“Datos de Medición de la Audiencia“), con terceros, como serían, sin límite, subcontratistas, socios y/o clientes de RN, con el propósito de generar informes de medición de audiencia con respecto a contenido, anuncios, campañas y sitios web que visite, vea y/o haga clic. Los Datos de Medición de la Audiencia se usarán para la investigación de eficacia de la publicidad en línea, así como para asistir en la creación, el desarrollo y la implementación de sitios web, anuncios en línea u otras características, funciones y campañas para Internet y medios digitales. Los Datos de Medición de la Audiencia podrán compartirse en forma resumida individual (es decir, a nivel de encuestado individual) o en forma de resumen colectivo (es decir, grupo de encuestados).
¿Cómo utilizan mi información los anunciantes/redes de publicidad?
Uso de la información de los socios publicitarios.
Podrá utilizar la Aplicación/Servicios para participar en encuestas, incluyendo, sin límite, encuestas respecto a ciertos anuncios específicos y promoción que RN esté probando para sus clientes comerciales. Podrá observar estos anuncios o promociones en varios lugares, incluyendo, sin límite, aplicaciones móviles que no sean de RN (por ejemplo, en aplicaciones de juegos), después de lo cual RN podrá otorgarle acceso a la misma, o contactarlo para llenar una encuesta sobre el anuncio o promoción a la cual está usted expuesto. Para facilitar el llenado de las encuestas sobre anuncios o promociones, RN se ha asociado con compañías de anuncios para proporcionar, medir o facilitar publicidad, incluyendo, sin límite, en varias aplicaciones móviles. La Aplicación/Servicios proporcionan estas redes publicitarias con el UID, el identificador unido de su dispositivo, y varios, o todos, los tipos de información descritos en la sección “información recabada por medios automáticos” anterior (incluyendo su geolocalización continua, si su dispositivo permite la captación de su geolocalización). Luego, cuando usted utilice una aplicación móvil que se haya asociado con una de las compañías de anuncios, la compañía de anuncios podrá utilizar el identificador único de su dispositivo u otra información recabada automáticamente para reconocer su dispositivo. La compañía de anuncios podrá entonces mostrarle algún anuncio o promoción que RN esté probando para uno de nuestros clientes comerciales. La compañía de anuncios podrá entonces informar a RN que el dispositivo relacionado con su UID ha recibido un anuncio o promoción, el cual permite a RN proporcionarle acceso, o contactarlo, para llenar una encuesta con respecto al anuncio o promoción. Con su consentimiento, las compañías de anuncios utilizan la información que recaban sobre su dispositivo y sus interacciones con la Aplicación/Servicios y otras aplicaciones móviles para proporcionarle otra publicidad dentro de la aplicación que haya sido personalizada a sus intereses y para otros fines. Para conocer más sobre estas compañías de anuncios, así como excluirse, visite la siguiente:
¿Qué comunicaciones recibiré a través de la Aplicación/Servicios o relacionada con los Servicios?
RN podrá contactarlo para que participe en encuestas a través de notificaciones enviadas o mensajes de texto/SMS, si conviene expresamente en recibir estas notificaciones.
Además, RN y/o sus agentes o proveedores a nombre de RN, enviarán comunicaciones por correo electrónico respecto a invitaciones de encuestas, participación de encuestas, información de recompensas o incentivos, consultas y reembolso, boletines informativos, notificaciones que se requiera proporcionar según se indica en el presente o por ley, participación en sorteos o promociones, y en respuesta a consultas por parte suya.
Si proporciona a RN sus números telefónicos, RN, sus clientes y/o subcontratistas podrán también contactarlo por teléfono con relación a su cuenta, incluyendo, sin límite: (i) encuestas en las que haya participado o este participando; (ii) información sobre recompensas o incentivos, consultas y reembolsos; (iii) participación en sorteos o promociones y entrega de premios; (iv) responder a sus dudas; (v) notificaciones bajo esta política de privacidad; (vi) invitaciones adicionales de encuestas y/u oportunidades; y/o (vii) para validar información de perfil que usted nos haya provisto.
¿Comparte RN con terceros información de identificación personal y otra información recabada a través de la Aplicación/Servicios con terceros?
De cumplimiento con la ley correspondiente, RN podrá divulgar a terceros información de identificación personal y otra información recabada a través de la Aplicación/Servicios de terceros de la siguiente manera:
(i) Bajo su consentimiento.
(ii) En respuesta a una citación judicial u orden de un tribunal o de una entidad de gobierno.
(iii) Para establecer, ejercer o defender reclamaciones legales de una persona o de RN, incluyendo para proteger la seguridad de una persona o los derechos y/o bienes de RN.
(iv) Entre varios paneles RN, si usted se apunta a más de un panel RN;
(v) A una empresa matriz, subsidiaria o afiliada de RN: (1) en caso de una reorganización o reestructuración o (2) para ser usada y procesada de conformidad con esta política de privacidad o en la forma que usted autorice;
(vi) A agentes autorizados y/o subcontratistas de RN y/o de clientes de RN, que presten servicios, como serían, sin límite, servicios de anexo de datos, servicios de validación de datos, servicios de detección y prevención de fraudes, servicios de cotejamiento de bases de datos, servicios de codificación, servicios de segmentación de datos y servicios relacionados con recompensas, incentivos y sorteos;
(vii) A un cliente para usos limitados de investigación de mercados, como serían, sin limitación, modelado, anexo de datos, segmentación de bases de datos, y canje, cumplimiento y/o participación de recompensas, incentivos o sorteos.
(viii) Con relación a un cambio de propiedad o control, como serían, sin límite, la fusión o adquisición de la totalidad o de una parte de los activos de empresas de RN, siempre y cuando la parte que recibe o adquiere la información de identificación personal convenga en usar, proteger y mantener la seguridad, integridad y confidencialidad de la información de identificación personal de conformidad con esta política;
(ix) A un cliente o al consumidor de dicho cliente en caso de que RN o un tercero considere que usted haya, o pudo haber, infringido los derechos de propiedad intelectual de un tercero;
(x) A un cliente o al consumidor de dicho cliente en caso de que RN o un tercero considera que usted haya infringido los términos del servicio;
(xi) A terceros, los cuales podrán incluir clientes de investigación de RN y terceros que participen en Actividades no relacionadas con investigación, para permitir a dicho tercero desarrollar campañas de mercado, conocimientos sobre el público, modelos de similares y/o comercializar dichos productos/servicios del tercero a usted; y
(xii) Como se permita de conformidad con esta política.
Además de lo anterior, si se inscribe a través de un tercero con quien RN tiene una relación contractual y/o de un correo electrónico enviado por una compañía externa que le propone unirse a nuestra Aplicación/Servicios (colectivamente “Socio del programa”), RN puede compartir información de inscripción seleccionada con el Socio del programa que lo invitó al programa, que puede incluir su nombre completo, código postal y su dirección de correo electrónico. Usted reconoce que nuestro Socio del Programa puede recopilar, usar y divulgar esa información de acuerdo con su política de privacidad. Tenga en cuenta que RN no será responsable y no será susceptible a las acciones de nuestro Socio del Programa con respecto a su información ni a las prácticas de privacidad de ningún Socio del Programa cuando trabaje directamente con ellos.
Considere que RN podrá permitir que un cliente recabe PII directamente de los encuestados. La divulgación es voluntaria y, antes de recopilar la información, el cliente deberá firmar un acuerdo escrito con RN en el cual, entre otras cosas, se limite el uso de la PII.
RN podrá autorizar cierta PII a terceros (por ejemplo, agentes de datos, acumuladores de datos, etc.) para sus propios fines que no fueran de investigación, incluyendo, sin límite, la licencia de datos a nivel individual y/o acumulado (por ejemplo, actividades de compra de productos y/o servicios, actividad de redes sociales, datos de visitas de sitios de Internet, historial de búsquedas en Internet, etc.) para el desarrollo de conocimientos de público y/o modelos similares, para el propósito de venta de dichos datos a clientes/consumidores terceros para el fin de realizar análisis y proporcionar inteligencia del mercado y/o para permitir que dichos terceros comercialicen sus productos/servicios a usted.
Además, los UID y la información recabada por medios automatizados se proveen a terceros, como serían, sin limitación, clientes, agentes y/o proveedores, para propósitos tales como, entre otros, identificación de encuestados para encuestas o comunicaciones de segundo contacto, detección o prevención de fraudes, cotejamiento de bases de datos, validación de datos, anexo de datos, codificación, segmentación de datos, servicios relacionados con recompensas, incentivos o promociones.
Relacionado con sus datos de encuestas, RN o el cliente podrán asociar ciertos atributos demográficos a usted. RN podrá compartir con terceros, incluyendo, entre otros, a clientes, los datos geográficos y/o demográficos que RN recabe de usted durante su inscripción o a través de ciertas preguntas de perfil que RN pudiera hacerle. Estos datos podrán compartirse con terceros a nivel de encuestador individual o en forma resumida (por ejemplo, un grupo de encuestados). Si usted divulga voluntariamente información de identificación personal relacionada con sus repuestas a la encuesta, y RN recaba las respuestas a la encuesta, RN transferirá los datos y las respuestas de la encuesta, el UID y los datos personales divulgados voluntariamente al cliente de RN pertinente.
¿Cómo puedo excluirme voluntariamente de cierta recopilación o uso de datos?
Hay varias opciones para la baja voluntaria de los usuarios de la Aplicación/Servicios.
Usted puede detener que la Aplicación/Servicios recopilen datos personales y otra información desinstalando la Aplicación/Servicios y/o dando por terminada su participación en el panel. Usted podrá utilizar los procesos de desinstalación disponibles como parte de su dispositivo móvil, o a través de la aplicación de mercado o red, y/o usted podrá cancelar su cuenta de panelista en el sitio de paneles. Tome en cuenta que, si elimina la Aplicación/Servicios pero mantiene un perfil en uno de los sitios de Internet de RN, aun podríamos recabar datos personales y otros de usted a través de nuestros sitios. El desinstalar la Aplicación/Servicios no eliminará toda la información recabada por RN antes de desinstalar la Aplicación/Servicios. Para eliminar toda la información recopilada por RN, comuníquese con RN de la manera descrita más bajo.
Seis meses después de terminada su cuenta, la inactividad de la cuenta y/o la fecha cuando usted desinstaló la Aplicación/Servicios, RN podrá transferir su PII a un agente de datos tercero y/o plataforma de administración de datos para propósitos de reventa/reúso por dichos terceros. Si no desea que su PII sea utilizada para Actividades no relacionadas con la investigación y/o no autoriza que RN comparta su PII con terceros después de finalizada su cuenta y/o eliminación de la Aplicación/Servicios de su dispositivo, contáctenos en la dirección privacy@surveysampling.com
Para excluirse de datos de localización en iOS
Usted podrá, en cualquier momento, excluirse de permitir que la Aplicación/Servicios accedan a su ubicación por medio de:
• Tocar o seleccionar el ícono de configuraciones del dispositivo.
• Una vez en el ícono de configuraciones, toque o seleccione Servicios de Ubicación.
• Una vez en Servicios de Ubicación, desactive los servicios de ubicación con el deslizador individual de la Aplicación/Servicios.
 
 
Usted podrá, en cualquier momento, excluirse de permitir que la Aplicación/Servicios accedan a su ubicación por medio de:
• El botón ACERCA DE en la parte superior derecha de la barra de navegación
• Una vez en el cuadro de diálogo ACERCA DE, puede alternar entre los servicios de ubicación mediante un interruptor etiquetado como: “Acceder a mi ubicación”
Para excluir las notificaciones automáticas en iOS
Usted podrá excluir las notificaciones automáticas para la Aplicación/Servicios al:
• Tocar o seleccionar el ícono de configuraciones del dispositivo.
• Una vez en el ícono de configuraciones, toque o seleccione notificaciones;
• Si esta activada la opción de notificaciones automáticas, habrá una lista de íconos; toque o seleccione el ícono de la Aplicación/Servicios; y
• En esta pantalla, podrá modificar la configuración de notificaciones automáticas de la Aplicación/Servicios.
Para excluir las notificaciones automáticas en Android
• Podrá excluir las notificaciones automáticas para la Aplicación/Servicios al:
• Acceder la configuración del dispositivo.
• En el área de Configuraciones, localice la configuración de la aplicación.
• Una vez en Aplicaciones, ubique la aplicación relevante (QuickThoughts o iPoll) y selecciónela.
• Busque la casilla marcada de “Mostrar notificaciones” y ajuste según sus preferencias.
Excluirse de comunicaciones por correo electrónico
Usted podrá excluirse voluntariamente de las comunicaciones por correo electrónico haciendo clic en el enlace de cancelación de suscripción en cualquier correo electrónico que reciba de nosotros o comunicándose con nosotros en la forma descrita más abajo.
Excluirse de compartir datos de perfil de plataformas de redes sociales
Usted podrá excluirse voluntariamente de compartir datos de perfiles de plataformas de redes sociales cambiando en la plataforma de redes sociales la configuración de preferencia o perfil referentes a datos compartidos con terceros, o bien eliminando la Aplicación/Servicios de su perfil de redes sociales.
Excluirse de utilizar el identificador publicitario que le fue asignado a su teléfono inteligente/dispositivo
Usted puede cambiar el identificador publicitario asignado a su dispositivo en cualquier momento.
Exclusión de red de publicidad
Las redes de publicidad que recaban información a través de la Aplicación/Servicios para facilitar encuestas y proporcionar publicidad en base a los intereses ofrecen ciertos mecanismos de exclusión. Para excluirse, siga las instrucciones de cada una de las redes de publicidad en los enlaces a continuación. Si usted se excluye, no podrá participar en las encuestas sobre anuncios y promociones.
Red de publicidad
Información de exclusión
Admob by Google
¿Puedo detener a RN para que no rastree mis actividades en línea?
No hacer seguimiento (“DNT“) es una preferencia en su navegador que puede activar para notificar a los sitios web que visita que no quiere que los sitios web recopilen cierta información sobre usted. RN no responde a las señales DNT. Si objeta a la práctica de RN con respecto a las señales DNT, podrá darse de baja voluntaria de la participación o el uso de los Servicios de RN en la forma descrita más adelante.
Con relación al programa de RN de eficacia de anuncios en línea, RN permite que sus subcontratistas, socios o clientes coloquen, ajusten o escriban Tecnologías de Terceros con el fin de facilitar la medición de la audiencia y para actividades de encuestas de recordatorio de anuncios. RN no es responsable del cumplimiento de terceros o su respuesta a señales de DNT. Para obtener más información sobre el programa de eficacia de anuncios en línea de RN, revise la sección Cookies de esta política de privacidad.
¿Durante cuánto tiempo conserva usted mis datos personales y otra información?
RN conservará los datos personales y otra información referente a su uso de la Aplicación/Servicios y/o Servicios durante el periodo en que tenga la aplicación instalada y/o utilice la Aplicación/Servicios, y durante un (1) año después o el periodo según lo requiera o permita la ley. Seis meses después de inactividad en los sitios del panel y/o después de desinstalada la Aplicación/Servicios, RN podrá transferir su PII a un agente de datos tercero y/o plataforma de administración de datos para propósitos de reventa/reúso por dichos terceros.
¿Cómo puedo acceder a los datos personales y otra información que la aplicación/servicios ha recopilado sobre mí?
Usted tiene el derecho de revisar, corregir y eliminar sus datos personales según las leyes correspondientes. Usted podrá contactarnos respecto a dicha solicitud en los datos de contacto provistos abajo.
¿la Aplicación/Servicios recaban datos de menores de dieciocho (18) años de edad?
la Aplicación/Servicios no están diseñados ni dirigidos para su uso por personas menores de dieciocho (18) años de edad. Nosotros no recabamos datos personales deliberadamente de niños menores de dieciocho (18) años de edad, y si tuviéramos conocimiento de que hemos recabado datos personales inadvertidamente de niños menores de dieciocho (18) años de edad, efectuaremos esfuerzos comerciales razonables para eliminar dichos datos personales.
¿Qué seguridad está disponible para la información de identificación personal y otra información recopilada a través de la Aplicación/Servicios?
RN mantiene medidas de protección técnicas, administrativas y físicas apropiadas para proteger la información de identificación personal y otra información divulgada o recopilada por RN. RN revisa, monitorea y evalúa sus prácticas de seguridad y sistemas de protección de manera regular. A pesar de las salvaguardas que implementamos, las transmisiones por Internet y/o redes móviles no son totalmente seguras y RN no garantiza la seguridad de las transmisiones en línea. RN no es responsable de errores realizados por personas al enviar información de identificación personal a RN.
¿Con quién puedo comunicarme si tengo preguntas sobre esta política?
Si usted desea:
– Recibir una copia de la información que tenemos sobre usted.
– Comunicar una baja voluntaria a RN;
– Solicitar acceso a, o la corrección, bloqueo o eliminación de, sus datos personales.
– Hacer una queja sobre nuestra práctica de privacidad.
– Excluir su PII de ciertos usos.
O si tiene preguntas sobre las prácticas de privacidad de RN y/o esta política, envíenos un correo electrónico a la dirección privacy@surveysampling.com .
El Departamento Legal de RN es responsable de que RN cumpla con esta política.
¿Hay empresas dentro del grupo RN que pueden recopilar, almacenar y procesar PII?
Sí, consulte la lista de empresas a continuación:
Compañía
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
Survey Sampling RO S.R.L.  – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
Mountain West Research Center L.C.
Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Research Now Group, Inc. Politique de confidentialité
Première entrée en vigueur :  2010-01-01
La présente version : En vigueur  2018-05-19:
La Politique de confidentialité décrit la manière dont Research Now Limited et Survey Sampling International LLC, leurs sociétés mères, leurs filiales et leurs sociétés affiliées (collectivement « RN SSI », « nous » ou « notre ») traitent les données personnelles dans le cadre des communautés des panels en ligne, des enquêtes, des processus de récompenses, des sites Web et des applications mobiles (collectivement le « service »). Elle décrit en particulier les types de données personnelles que nous collectons en relation avec le service, les fins auxquelles nous collectons ces données personnelles, les autres parties avec lesquelles nous pouvons les partager et les mesures que nous prenons pour protéger la sécurité des données. Elle vous informe également sur vos droits et sur vos choix concernant vos données personnelles, et sur la façon dont vous pouvez nous contacter pour mettre à jour vos coordonnées ou poser des questions sur nos pratiques de confidentialité.
Cette Politique de confidentialité ne s’applique pas au traitement de vos données personnelles dans le cadre des enquêtes administrées par des tiers. Dans ces cas, RN SSI n’est pas le promoteur de l’enquête et l’instrument d’enquête, et les résultats de l’enquête ou les données de l’enquête sont et seront traités sous la responsabilité du promoteur de l’enquête. Veuillez vous reporter à la politique de confidentialité du promoteur concerné pour en savoir plus sur ses pratiques de confidentialité.
La souscription, l’utilisation et l’accès au service sont soumis à la présente Politique de confidentialité et à nos Conditions générales .
1. Données personnelles pouvant être collectées vous concernant
Nous collectons des données personnelles par différents moyens décrits ci-dessous.  Dans le cadre de la présente Politique de confidentialité, les « données personnelles » désignent toute information relative à une personne identifiée ou identifiable. Lorsque nécessaire, nous indiquons si vous devez nous fournir vos données personnelles et pourquoi, ainsi que les conséquences qui en résultent si vous omettez de le faire. Si vous ne fournissez pas vos données personnelles à notre demande, vous ne pourrez peut-être pas bénéficier du service au cas où son utilisation nécessiterait ces informations, ou si la loi nous oblige à les collecter.
43. Données personnelles que vous fournissez
Nous vous demandons de fournir certaines données personnelles lorsque vous souscrivez un compte via nos sites Web ou notre application mobile. Ces données sont notamment votre nom, votre adresse, votre adresse e-mail, votre numéro de téléphone, votre date de naissance, votre profession, votre formation et votre sexe.
En outre, nous collectons les données personnelles que vous nous fournissez dans le cadre d’un panel lorsque vous participez à une enquête ou en lien avec la réception et l’échange de récompenses et d’incitations. Ces informations contiennent un numéro d’identification unique d’intervenant/répondant que nous vous attribuons lorsque vous souscrivez un compte, et les réponses que vous donnez en répondant à l’enquête. Dans ce cadre, vous pouvez choisir de communiquer des « données sensibles » vous concernant, comme des données personnelles divulguant ou révélant l’état de santé et médical, l’orientation sexuelle ou la vie sexuelle, les opinions/points de vue politiques, l’origine raciale/ethnique, les croyances religieuses et philosophiques et l’appartenance à des syndicats. Lorsque cela est requis par la loi, nous obtenons votre consentement explicite quant au traitement de vos données personnelles sensibles. Nous pouvons également collecter le contenu que vous envoyez, téléchargez ou transmettez lors de l’utilisation du service, comme par exemple des photos et des vidéos.
44. Données de localisation
Nous pouvons vous demander l’autorisation de récupérer des informations sur votre localisation à partir de votre appareil mobile. Nous pouvons utiliser vos informations de localisation afin de vous donner le choix de participer à des enquêtes et études de marché basées sur la localisation, ou afin de partager ces données de localisation avec des clients tiers dans le but de démontrer certains modèles de circulation des participants, y compris, sans s’y limiter, les comportements d’achat basés sur les lieux fréquentés.
Nous collectons vos informations de localisation aux fins énoncées ci-dessus avec votre consentement. Si vous ne souhaitez plus partager vos informations de localisation avec nous, veuillez modifier les paramètres de confidentialité de votre appareil.  Lorsque la loi l’exige, nous recueillons votre consentement explicite pour partager vos informations de localisation avec des tiers.
45. Comptes de médias sociaux
Vous pouvez aussi avoir la possibilité d’accéder aux services via des plateformes de médias sociaux de tierces parties. Si vous choisissez d’accéder aux services de cette manière, nous sommes susceptibles de recueillir certaines informations de profil stockées sur votre compte de plateforme de média social, telles que le nom, le sexe et l’adresse e-mail.
46. Données personnelles obtenues par des moyens automatisés
Lorsque vous utilisez le service, nous pouvons collecter certaines informations par des moyens automatisés, tels que des cookies et des technologies similaires. Les cookies sont de petits fichiers qui stockent certaines données sur un appareil. Les cookies créent un identifiant unique associé à votre navigateur. Les cookies de session expirent lorsque vous fermez votre navigateur, tandis que les cookies persistants restent sur votre appareil jusqu’à ce qu’ils soient supprimés ou qu’ils atteignent une date d’expiration définie.
Les informations que nous collectons à l’aide des cookies et des technologies similaires peuvent comporter des informations sur votre appareil et ses fonctionnalités, notamment le type d’appareil et le système d’exploitation, les autres applications présentes sur votre appareil, le réseau et le fournisseur d’accès Internet, le fuseau horaire, l’état du réseau, le type de navigateur, les pages de référence/de sortie, le système d’exploitation, le marqueur de date/temps, les données de parcours Internet et les numéros d’identification uniques tels que l’adresse IP de votre appareil, le numéro d’identification unique de l’appareil, l’adresse MAC (Media Access Control) ou l’identifiant du navigateur. Nous pouvons également utiliser les technologies d’empreintes numériques et de tatouage numérique pour collecter les informations mentionnées ci-dessus.
Nous pouvons en outre collecter des informations sur certaines applications et fonctionnalités disponibles sur votre appareil si vous nous accordez l’accès à ces dernières. Ces informations incluent le nombre et le type d’applications installées, les notifications instantanées, l’appareil photo, le micro, l’accès à vos albums photos, l’accès au stockage de fichier.
Nous utilisons ces informations pour améliorer le service en évaluant le nombre d’utilisateurs qui y accèdent ou l’utilisent, le contenu, les produits et les fonctionnalités de notre service qui intéressent le plus nos visiteurs, les types d’offres appréciées par nos clients et la manière dont notre service fonctionne au point de vue technique.
Dans certains cas, et parallèlement à d’autres informations, nous pouvons utiliser les informations collectées via des moyens automatisés afin de reconnaître les utilisateurs (ou foyers) sur diverses plateformes ou divers appareils, tels que les smartphones, ordinateurs, tablettes ou navigateurs apparentés, aux fins décrites dans la présente Politique de confidentialité. Les informations collectées via les technologies de prise d’empreintes numériques et de tatouages numériques peuvent également être utilisées pour le contrôle de la qualité, la validation, ainsi que la détection et la prévention de la fraude.
Pour plus d’informations sur les types de cookies que nous utilisons et les raisons pour lesquelles nous utilisons les informations collectées via les cookies, veuillez consulter notre outil de consentement aux cookies.
47. Données personnelles que nous traitons en lien avec les enquêtes sur les publicités de clients
Lorsque vous utilisez le service pour participer à des enquêtes relatives aux annonces et promotions spécifiques que RN SSI teste pour ses clients commerciaux, vous pouvez voir ces annonces ou promotions dans plusieurs endroits, y compris dans des applications mobiles non RN SSI (par exemple, dans une application de jeu).  Lorsque vous aurez été exposé aux publicités et promotions concernées, RN SSI vous donnera accès à une enquête sur ces publicités ou promotions ou vous contactera pour répondre à une enquête à leur sujet, et/ou pourra communiquer certaines données démographiques vous concernant à l’annonceur ou à l’agent de l’annonceur pour l’informer des profils démographiques des individus ayant vu l’annonce.
Afin de faciliter la réalisation de ces enquêtes sur les publicités ou les promotions, RN SSI s’est associée avec des sociétés publicitaires qui proposent, mesurent ou fournissent des publicités, notamment sur de nombreuses applications mobiles. L’application/les services communiquent aux réseaux publicitaires le NIU, l’identifiant unique de votre appareil et d’autres informations collectées par des moyens automatisés.  Puis, lorsque vous utilisez une application mobile associée à l’une des sociétés publicitaires, la société publicitaire peut utiliser l’identifiant unique de votre appareil ou d’autres informations collectées automatiquement afin de reconnaître votre appareil. La société publicitaire peut alors vous montrer une publicité ou une promotion que RN SSI évalue pour l’un de ses clients commerciaux. La société publicitaire peut ensuite informer RN SSI que l’appareil associé à votre NIU vient de recevoir une publicité ou une promotion, ce qui permet à RN SSI de vous donner accès à une enquête concernant la publicité ou la promotion ou de vous contacter afin d’y répondre.
48. Données personnelles fournies par des tiers
Nous pouvons recueillir des données personnelles, des informations comportementales et/ou des informations démographiques auprès de tiers tels que des plateformes de gestion de données, des réseaux publicitaires, des bureaux de services d’informations et des fournisseurs d’échantillons. Cette collecte peut concerner, sans s’y limiter, l’âge, le sexe, la région, la localisation, la présence d’enfants, les identifiants publicitaires mobiles, l’historique des achats, les expositions publicitaires et les segments de similarité.
2. Comment nous pouvons utiliser vos données personnelles
Nous pouvons utiliser les données personnelles que nous obtenons auprès de vous ou à votre sujet à diverses fins, notamment :
• Pour vous donner le choix de participer à des études, notamment pour rejoindre un panel, participer à des enquêtes administrées par RN SSI ou par des tiers (en tant que membres du panel ou non) ou utiliser des sites Web et des applications mobiles associés à des panels ou à des enquêtes.
• Pour administrer, gérer, remplir, faciliter l’accès et communiquer sur les rétributions, les programmes d’incitation et les autres promotions octroyées par RN SSI, y compris les tirages au sort proposés dans le cadre de l’adhésion à un panel et/ou la réalisation d’enquêtes.
• Pour communiquer avec vous concernant votre adhésion à un panel de RN SSI ou pour vous envoyer des notifications sur votre participation à une enquête et sur les opportunités d’enquêtes qui vous correspondent spécifiquement.
• Pour faire en sorte que des publicités vous soient montrées à l’extérieur du service afin de faciliter la réalisation des enquêtes de rappel.
• Pour vous fournir des services et des publicités adaptés en fonction de critères tels que vos centres d’intérêt ou vos informations de localisation, et pour permettre à RN SSI et à des tiers de développer des informations marketing, des modèles d’audience/de ressemblance basés sur des données individuelles et/ou agrégées, et de segmenter les audiences. Par exemple, nous pouvons développer des campagnes de marketing et de publicités conçues pour cibler des personnes ayant un profil social et démographique similaire au vôtre.
• Pour évaluer l’efficacité des publicités en ligne et mesurer l’audience des sites Web, et pour contribuer à la création, au développement et à l’implémentation de sites Web, des publicités en ligne et autres caractéristiques, fonctionnalités et campagnes d’Internet et des médias numériques.
• Pour envoyer des communications de marketing personnalisées sur les produits et services de RN SSI et de tiers.
• Pour mettre à jour les dossiers de RN SSI et réaliser des analyses de données répondant à ses besoins ou à ceux de ses clients.
• Pour fournir une meilleure expérience d’enquête, y compris lors du contrôle de la qualité, de la validation, du suivi des enquêtes déjà réalisées ou d’autres actions terminées
• Pour assurer la sûreté et la sécurité et détecter et prévenir la fraude
• Pour respecter nos obligations légales, y compris, sans limitation, nos obligations fiscales, ou pour faire respecter ou protéger nos droits de toute autre manière.
• Comme autrement permis en vertu de la présente Politique de confidentialité ou autorisé par vous
Si vous résidez dans l’Espace économique européen, nous pouvons collecter et utiliser vos données personnelles lorsque :
• Vous avez consenti à l’utilisation de vos données personnelles. Par exemple, nous pouvons chercher à obtenir votre consentement pour utiliser des cookies ou des technologies similaires, pour vous envoyer des communications de marketing ou pour traiter des données personnelles considérées comme sensibles dans le cadre de la législation en vigueur.
• Cela est nécessaire pour vous fournir des produits et services, ou pour répondre à vos questions.
• La législation en vigueur nous oblige ou nous autorise à utiliser vos données personnelles.
• Nous-mêmes ou une tierce partie avons un intérêt légitime à utiliser vos données personnelles, par exemple, pour assurer et améliorer la sécurité, la sûreté et la performance de nos produits et services, pour dépersonnaliser vos données personnelles et pour effectuer des analyses de données.
4. Comment nous partageons vos données personnelles
Nous pouvons divulguer les données personnelles que nous collectons à votre sujet comme indiqué ci-dessous, ou suivant les modalités qui vous seront divulguées de toute autre manière au moment de la collecte de ces données, notamment aux entités suivantes :
• Notre société mère, nos filiales et nos sociétés affiliées, aux fins décrites dans la présente Politique de confidentialité.
• Nos fournisseurs de services qui exécutent des services et traitent des données personnelles en notre nom. Nos fournisseurs de services regroupent par exemple nos fournisseurs de stockage dans le Cloud, nos fournisseurs d’outils de lutte contre la fraude ou notre plateforme de collecte des données d’enquête. Nous pouvons également partager des données personnelles avec des courtiers de données et des agrégateurs de données agissant selon nos instructions et en notre nom afin d’enrichir notre base de données pour le développement d’aperçus d’audience et/ou de modèles, d’analyses et d’informations marketing. Nous demandons par contrat à ces fournisseurs de services de traiter les données personnelles uniquement de manière conforme à nos instructions et uniquement pour fournir des services en notre nom ou respecter les dispositions légales. Nous exigeons également d’eux qu’ils mettent en place des dispositifs de protection conçus pour préserver la sécurité et la confidentialité des données personnelles qu’ils traitent en notre nom.
• Les partenaires du programme qui vous ont invité à rejoindre le service et à vous inscrire.
• Nos clients, à des fins d’études de marché (y compris pour la création et la validation de modèles, la détection et la prévention de la fraude, la segmentation du marché des données et le rapprochement de bases de données, ainsi que la conversion, l’exécution et/ou l’entrée de récompenses, incitations ou tirages au sort), pour leur permettre de développer des campagnes de marketing, des analyses d’audiences, des modèles de similarité et/ou pour commercialiser des produits/services tiers qui vous sont destinés, et pour identifier les répondants afin de les recontacter pour des enquêtes ou des communications.
• Notre client ou ses clients, si nous croyons que vous avez enfreint ou que vous pouvez enfreindre les droits de propriété intellectuelle d’un tiers ou nos Conditions d’utilisation http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Avec un tiers, dans le cadre de toute réorganisation, fusion, vente, coentreprise, cession, transfert ou autre séparation de tout ou partie de nos activités, actifs ou actions (y compris dans le cadre d’une faillite ou d’une procédure similaire).
• De toute autre manière autorisée par la présente Politique ou (i) si la loi ou une procédure légale nous oblige à divulguer des données personnelles vous concernant, (ii) en réponse à une demande d’un tribunal, des autorités chargées de l’application de la loi ou d’agents de l’État, ou (iii) lorsque nous estimons que la divulgation est nécessaire ou appropriée pour prévenir un préjudice physique ou une perte financière, ou dans le cadre d’une enquête sur une activité frauduleuse ou illégale supposée ou réelle.
Nous pouvons autoriser un client à collecter des données personnelles directement auprès de vous. Vous êtes libre de leur communiquer vos données personnelles. Dans ces situations, nous concluons un accord écrit avec nos clients pour limiter notamment l’utilisation qui est faite de leurs données personnelles.
4. Vos droits et vos choix
Sous réserve des lois en vigueur, vous pouvez être en droit de :
• Résilier votre consentement à certaines des collectes et utilisations de vos données personnelles effectuées lors de la fourniture du service. Pour plus d’informations, connectez-vous à votre compte et modifiez vos préférences.
• Désactiver la collecte et l’utilisation de certaines informations que nous collectons à votre sujet par des moyens automatisés. Dans certaines juridictions, vous avez un droit de regard concernant l’utilisation de cookies et de technologies similaires via l’outil de consentement aux cookies . Votre navigateur peut vous indiquer comment en être averti et comment refuser que certains types de cookies soient installés sur votre appareil. Veuillez noter que sans certains cookies, vous ne pourrez peut-être pas utiliser toutes les fonctionnalités de nos sites Web, applications ou services en ligne.
• Demander l’accès et recevoir des informations sur les données personnelles que nous conservons à votre sujet, mettre à jour et corriger les inexactitudes présentes dans vos données personnelles, restreindre ou s’opposer au traitement de vos données personnelles, les dépersonnaliser ou les supprimer suivant les besoins, ou exercer votre droit à la portabilité des données pour transférer facilement des informations à une autre société. En outre, vous pouvez également être en droit de déposer une plainte ou une réclamation auprès d’une autorité de surveillance, y compris dans votre pays de résidence, sur votre lieu de travail ou sur le lieu d’un incident.
• Résilier tout consentement que vous aviez précédemment octroyé concernant le traitement de vos données personnelles, à tout moment et gratuitement. Nous appliquerons vos préférences par la suite et la légalité du traitement avant la résiliation de votre consentement ne s’en trouvera pas affectée.
Ces droits peuvent être limités dans certaines circonstances par les dispositions des lois locales.
Vous pouvez arrêter toute la collecte des données personnelles et autres informations en désinstallant les services ou en résiliant votre participation à tous les panels. Vous pouvez utiliser les processus de désinstallation standard disponibles sur votre appareil mobile ou via la boutique d’applications mobiles ou le réseau, ou vous pouvez annuler votre compte d’intervenant sur le site du panel.  Veuillez noter que si vous supprimez l’application mobile, mais que vous conservez un profil sur un de nos sites Web, nous pouvons encore collecter des données personnelles et autres données vous concernant par l’intermédiaire de nos sites Web. La désinstallation de l’application mobile ne supprimera pas toutes les informations collectées par nous avant la désinstallation des services. Pour supprimer toutes les informations que nous recueillons, veuillez nous contacter comme indiqué ci-dessous.
Si vous souhaitez exercer vos droits décrits ci-dessus ou résilier votre compte, veuillez nous contacter comme indiqué dans la section « Comment nous contacter » ci-dessous.
5. Sécurité et conservation des données
Nous mettons en œuvre les sauvegardes techniques, administratives et physiques appropriées pour protéger les données personnelles et autres informations que nous divulguons ou collectons contre la destruction, la perte, l’altération, l’accès, la divulgation ou l’utilisation accidentels, illégaux ou non autorisés. Nous examinons, contrôlons et évaluons nos pratiques concernant la confidentialité et ses systèmes de protection de façon régulière. Malgré les protections que nous mettons en œuvre, les transmissions par Internet ou un réseau mobile ne sont pas totalement sécurisées, par conséquent, nous ne pouvons pas garantir la sécurité des transmissions en ligne. Nous ne sommes pas responsables des erreurs éventuellement commises par les personnes qui nous communiquent des données personnelles.
Nous prenons également des mesures pour supprimer vos données personnelles ou les conserver sous une forme qui ne permet pas de vous identifier lorsque ces informations ne sont plus nécessaires aux fins auxquelles nous les traitons, sauf si nous sommes tenus par la loi de les conserver pour une durée plus longue. Lors de la définition de la durée de conservation, nous prenons en compte différents critères, tels que le type de produits et de services demandés ou fournis par vous, la nature et la durée de notre relation avec vous, l’éventuel renouvellement d’une souscription à nos produits ou services, l’impact sur les services que nous vous fournissons si nous supprimons des informations à votre sujet ou vous concernant, les délais de conservation obligatoires prévus par la loi et le délai de prescription.
6. Transferts de données
Vos données personnelles peuvent être transférées à des destinataires basés dans des pays autres que le pays où vous vous situez, y compris aux États-Unis où la société mère de Research Now et Survey Sampling International possède son siège. Ces pays peuvent ne pas avoir les mêmes lois sur la protection des données que le pays dans lequel vous avez initialement fourni les informations. Lorsque nous transférons vos données personnelles vers d’autres pays, nous protégeons ces informations comme indiqué dans la présente Politique de confidentialité ou suivant les modalités qui vous sont communiquées au moment de la collecte.
Si vous résidez dans l’Espace économique européen ou en Suisse, nous nous conformons aux exigences légales applicables en fournissant des garanties adéquates pour le transfert de données personnelles vers des pays tiers.
7. Do Not Track
La fonction « Ne pas me suivre » (Do Not Track, « DNT ») est une préférence de votre navigateur que vous pouvez activer pour avertir les sites Web que vous consultez que vous ne souhaitez pas qu’ils recueillent certaines informations à votre sujet. RN SSI ne répond pas aux signaux DNT. Si vous êtes opposé à la pratique de RN SSI en ce qui concerne les signaux DNT, vous pouvez choisir de ne pas participer ou utiliser les services de RN SSI en suivant la procédure décrite ci-après.
Dans le cadre du programme sur l’efficacité de la publicité en ligne de RN SSI, RN SSI autorise ses sous-traitants, partenaires et/ou clients à abandonner, déployer et/ou développer des technologies tierces afin de faciliter les activités de mesure d’audience et de rappel publicitaire. RN SSI n’assume aucune responsabilité quant au respect des signaux DNT par des tiers ou à la réponse qu’ils y apportent.
8. Exclusion des enfants
Ce service n’est pas conçu ni prévu pour être utilisé par des personnes âgées de moins de 16 ans. Nous ne collectons pas délibérément les données personnelles des enfants de moins de 16 ans, et si nous découvrons que nous avons par inadvertance collecté des données personnelles auprès d’un enfant de moins de 16 ans, nous engagerons des efforts commercialement raisonnables pour supprimer ces données personnelles.
9. Mises à jour de la présente Politique de confidentialité.
Cette Déclaration mondiale sur la confidentialité peut être mise à jour périodiquement pour refléter les changements intervenant dans nos pratiques en matière de données personnelles. Nous publierons un avis placé en évidence sur les sites Web concernés afin de vous prévenir de tout changement important apporté à notre Déclaration mondiale sur la confidentialité, et nous indiquerons en en-tête de la Déclaration sa date de mise à jour la plus récente. Si nous mettons à jour notre Déclaration mondiale sur la confidentialité, nous pouvons solliciter votre consentement dans certaines circonstances.
10. Comment nous contacter
Si vous avez des questions ou des commentaires concernant nos pratiques de confidentialité ou cette politique de confidentialité, ou si vous souhaitez résilier certaines utilisations de vos données personnelles, exercer vos droits en relation avec les données personnelles que nous détenons à votre sujet ou effectuer une réclamation concernant nos pratiques en matière de confidentialité, n’hésitez pas à contacter Research Now Limited ou Survey Sampling International LLC comme indiqué ci-après.
• Research Now Limited : contactez-nous par écrit à l’adresse privacy@surveysampling.com ou au 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, Londres, Royaume-Uni EC4V 4BF, Attention : Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC : contactez-nous par écrit à l’adresse privacy@surveysampling.com ou au 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 États-Unis.
Política de privacidad
La siguiente es la Política de privacidad para los residentes de Latinoamérica y es la política de Research Now Group Limited, con domicilio registrado en 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, Londres, Reino Unido EC4V 4BF, en nombre propio y en el de todos los miembros de la familia de empresas de Research Now Group, incluidas las afiliadas de Survey Sampling International, LLC en todo el mundo que se detallan abajo (en conjunto, “RN”). Todas estas entidades a nivel mundial tendrán acceso a los datos personales recopilados de conformidad con esta política y podrán acceder a dichos datos y/o almacenarlos fuera de su país de residencia, incluso en los Estados Unidos.
Fecha de vigencia original: 24 de febrero de 2000
Esta versión: en vigencia a partir del 7 de mayo de 2018
Lo siguiente describe la política de privacidad para las comunidades de paneles en línea, los sitios web y/o las aplicaciones móviles (en conjunto, “Aplicaciones/Servicios”) que ofrece RN.
La presente Política de privacidad establece la forma en que RN recopila, usa y divulga los datos personales o la información de identificación personal (Personally Identifiable Information, “PII”) y otra información en relación con los Servicios de RN, tal como se definen aquí, y con otras actividades de RN y de terceros definidas en el presente (“Actividades no relacionadas con investigación”). Los Servicios de RN le ofrecen la oportunidad de unirse a un panel, participar en encuestas administradas por RN o por terceros (como miembro de un panel o sin ser miembro de un panel), utilizar los sitios web relacionados con los paneles, utilizar las Aplicaciones/Servicios relacionados con los paneles y recibir y canjear recompensas e incentivos, los que incluyen, entre otras cosas, acceso a sorteos, ofrecidos en relación con la membresía del panel y/o la finalización de las encuestas (en conjunto, “Servicios”). Las Actividades no relacionadas con investigación incluyen, entre otras cosas, los Servicios de mercadotecnia de RN y/o de terceros que comercializan sus servicios para usted y/o comparten datos de perfiles individuales y/o acumulados con terceros para desarrollar conocimientos de mercadotecnia y/o modelos similares o de audiencia. Las Actividades no relacionadas con investigación se describen con más detalle en esta Política de privacidad.
El uso que usted haga de las Aplicaciones/Servicios de RN es completamente voluntario y, por lo tanto, el procesamiento que haga RN de su PII, en relación con las Aplicaciones/Servicios y las Actividades no relacionadas con investigación y esta Política de privacidad, será con su consentimiento.
Las encuestas administradas por terceros y los datos recopilados en relación con estas no están sujetos a esta Política de privacidad. El registro, el uso y el acceso a los Servicios de RN están sujetos a los Términos y condiciones de RN. En la mayoría de los casos, SSI no es el patrocinador de la encuesta y el instrumento de la encuesta, así como los resultados o datos de la misma, serán propiedad del patrocinador de la encuesta.
Todas las referencias a “RN” en esta Política de privacidad incluyen a RN y a sus compañías matrices, subsidiarias y afiliadas. Todas las referencias que se realicen con los términos “nos” o “nosotros” significan RN. Toda la PII se almacena en servidores ubicados en los Estados Unidos, donde se encuentran los servidores de RN, y los empleados y/o agentes de RN pueden acceder a esta en todo el mundo. A los fines de esta política, el término “encuestado” hará referencia a cualquier persona que participe en los Servicios de RN, incluida la recopilación pasiva de datos, y/o que participe en las Actividades no relacionadas con investigación que se describen en el presente. A los fines de esta política, el término “en línea” incluirá la navegación en Internet con dispositivos móviles.
¿Qué datos personales y otra información recopilan las Aplicaciones/Servicios y cómo se utilizan?
RN recopila información de identificación personal (“PII”) de los participantes de investigaciones durante y después del registro en un panel, incluso durante la participación en una encuesta y en relación con la recepción y el canje de recompensas e incentivos, y/o durante el proceso de registro y descarga de las Aplicaciones/Servicios. Se le solicitará que proporcione determinada PII e información demográfica, la que incluye, entre otras cosas, su nombre, direcciones, números de teléfono (incluso los números de teléfono de su hogar, móviles y/o comerciales), direcciones de correo electrónico, fecha de nacimiento e información sobre su ocupación/educación, el número de identificación único de panelista o encuestado que le asignemos cuando se registre en una cuenta (unique identification, “UID”) e información sobre raza y sexo. Además de recopilar la PII anteriormente mencionada, durante y después del proceso de registro, posiblemente se le solicite proporcionar o divulgar Datos sensibles, de manera voluntaria. Los “Datos sensibles” hacen referencia a la PII que divulga o revela afecciones de salud y médicas, orientación sexual o vida sexual, opiniones o puntos de vista políticos, raza u origen étnico, creencias religiosas y filosóficas y participación en sindicatos. Los Datos sensibles se utilizan para identificar oportunidades de encuestas para usted y según se establece en esta Política de privacidad.
RN recopila PII, Datos sensibles e información demográfica de personas que no son miembros de paneles antes y durante la participación en una encuesta.
RN proporciona a sus clientes y/o socios publicitarios información sobre su dispositivo, incluido, entre otras cosas, el identificador de anuncios publicitarios (Identifier for Advertiser, IDFA) del dispositivo y las interacciones con las Aplicaciones/Servicios, bajo su consentimiento. RN, los clientes y/o los socios publicitarios pueden usar esta información para facilitar las encuestas de RN, para comercializar productos y servicios de RN para usted, para publicidad no relacionada basada en sus intereses, para vincular su dispositivo con datos adicionales sobre usted y/o su dispositivo disponibles a través de plataformas de gestión de datos de terceros y proveedores/corredores de datos, y/o para validar determinada información que proporcione sobre usted y/o su dispositivo. Para ver más información sobre algunos de nuestros socios publicitarios y optar por la exclusión posteriormente, haga clic aquí.
Información adicional que usted proporciona.
Usted puede enviar, cargar o transmitir contenido o material, tales como fotografías, videos y/o cualquier otro material o contenido similar o relacionado que puede incluir su PII (“Contenido del usuario”), por ejemplo, al contestar encuestas. La PII incluida en el Contenido del usuario se recopilará, usará y divulgará tal como se establece en esta Política de privacidad. El Contenido del usuario no debe incluir audio, video, imágenes ni material similar de otra persona que no sea usted.
Información recopilada a través de medios automatizados:
Las Aplicaciones/Servicios también recopilan determinada información de forma automática, como información sobre su dispositivo y las capacidades de este, lo que incluye, entre otras cosas, el sistema operativo del dispositivo, las otras aplicaciones del dispositivo, la dirección IP, el proveedor de red del dispositivo, el tipo de dispositivo, el huso horario, el estado de la red, el tipo de navegador, el identificador del navegador, el número de identificación único del dispositivo (como identificadores para fines analíticos o publicitarios), la identificación del usuario del proveedor de red (un número que el proveedor de su red le asigna a usted de forma exclusiva), la dirección de control de acceso a los medios (Media Access Control, MAC), la identidad de equipos móviles internacionales, la ubicación y otra información que, de forma individual o combinada, pueda utilizarse para identificar de forma exclusiva su dispositivo. A continuación, se ofrecen ejemplos específicos de estos datos y la tecnología que los recopila:
Datos de geolocalización. Las Aplicaciones/Servicios solicitarán su permiso para obtener información de geolocalización de su dispositivo móvil, y dicha información podrá ser proporcionada por las Aplicaciones/Servicios en cualquier momento, independientemente de que estén abiertos o no. Si da su consentimiento para compartir sus datos de geolocalización, además de los usos establecidos en la sección “Uso de la información por parte de RN” más abajo, RN también utilizará su información de localización para ofrecerle la opción de participar en encuestas e investigaciones de mercado basadas en la ubicación y/o compartir los datos de geolocalización con clientes terceros para demostrar determinados patrones de tráfico y/o ubicación de los participantes de las Aplicaciones/Servicios. Asimismo, RN puede compartir sus datos de geolocalización con proveedores terceros para identificar direcciones comerciales cerca de su ubicación, como tiendas o restaurantes. Para más información sobre dichos proveedores, visite https://www.placed.com para ver una descripción de los servicios que ofrecen y cómo se utilizan los datos de geolocalización, incluido el uso de tales datos por parte de los proveedores para publicidad basada en la ubicación.
Los datos de geolocalización también pueden ser usados por redes publicitarias para proporcionar anuncios basados en su ubicación. El uso de datos por parte de las redes publicitarias y cómo optar para ser excluido se describen con más detalle abajo.
Si no desea compartir los datos de geolocalización a través de su dispositivo, cambie los ajustes de privacidad en el dispositivo para las Aplicaciones/Servicios.
Aplicaciones/Servicios y funcionalidad. RN puede solicitar acceso a determinadas aplicaciones y/o funcionalidades disponibles en su dispositivo, o a través de este, para usarlas en relación con las Aplicaciones/Servicios y los Servicios. El acceso se solicitará a través de notificaciones automáticas u otras alertas, y solo se otorgará con su consentimiento. Si da su consentimiento, puede optar por ser excluido posteriormente cambiando la configuración en su dispositivo.
Información de redes sociales. Es posible que se le brinde la oportunidad de acceder a las Aplicaciones/Servicios a través de plataformas de redes sociales de terceros. Si selecciona esa opción, RN podrá recopilar determinada información de perfil que se encuentre almacenada en la cuenta que usted posea en la plataforma de la red social.
Cookies y tecnologías similares. Las cookies son pequeños archivos que almacenan determinados datos en un dispositivo. Las cookies de la sesión vencen cuando usted cierra su navegador. Las cookies persistentes permanecen en su dispositivo hasta que son eliminadas o hasta una fecha de vencimiento definida. Usted puede configurar su navegador para ver una notificación cuando reciba una cookie. Cuando hay una cookie en su dispositivo, se pueden compartir datos geográficos y demográficos adicionales con terceros y asociados, como los Datos de medición de audiencia (según se definen más abajo).
Es posible que se coloquen, escriban, establezcan, recopilen o se lean cookies propias y de terceros y otras tecnologías similares o relacionadas e identificadores de dispositivo (por ejemplo, IDFA, identificadores de anuncios de Android [Android Advertising Identifier, AAID], etc.) para varios propósitos que incluyen, entre otros, ofrecer una mejor experiencia en las encuestas, hacer control de calidad, validar, permitir o facilitar la participación en encuestas, hacer un seguimiento de encuestas completas u otras acciones realizadas, detectar o prevenir el fraude, estudiar la eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea, medir la audiencia y hacer un seguimiento de sitios web, desarrollar conocimientos de audiencia y/o modelos similares en relación con campañas de mercadotecnia, y dirigir anuncios y otros contenidos a personas, sujeto a su consentimiento donde lo exija la ley aplicable. No obstante, si decide no aceptar determinadas cookies y/o tecnologías relacionadas o similares, no podrá usar las Aplicaciones/Servicios.
Las cookies se describen con más detalle a continuación:
Esenciales
Nombre de cookie
PHPSESSID
PHPSESSID
 
Publicidad
Las instrucciones para excluirse se encuentran en el enlace a continuación.
Proveedor
Desarrollo de conocimientos de audiencia y cohortes similares en línea
90 días
Medición del consumo de contenido de video para comprender mejor cómo consumen contenidos de video las diferentes audiencias
Desarrollo de conocimientos de audiencia y cohortes similares en línea
Eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea, seguimiento de visitas a sitios web, desarrollo de conocimientos de audiencias y cohortes similares en línea
Eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea, seguimiento de visitas a sitios web, desarrollo de conocimientos de audiencias y cohortes similares en línea
Eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea, seguimiento de visitas a sitios web, desarrollo de conocimientos de audiencias y cohortes similares en línea
Archivos de registro. Las Aplicaciones/Servicios pueden recopilar y almacenar automáticamente cierta información, incluidos, entre otros, los datos disponibles de su navegador web, que incluyen, por ejemplo, dirección IP, tipo de navegador, proveedor de servicios de Internet, páginas de referencia y salida, sistema operativo, fecha y hora, y datos de secuencia de clics en archivos de registro de actividades.
Obtención digital de la huella genética. Por lo general, la huella digital asigna un identificador único a su dispositivo basado en la configuración técnica, las características y la dirección IP del dispositivo. RN utiliza la tecnología de huella digital para fines de control de calidad y validación, y detección y/o prevención del fraude, incluida, entre otras, la identificación de encuestados duplicados o fraudulentos. RN puede implementar y usar la huella digital de forma directa o a través de un proveedor tercero con su consentimiento donde lo exija la ley aplicable.
Técnica de marca de agua. Por lo general, la técnica de marca de agua involucra la implementación de una tecnología o archivo en su dispositivo para identificar que haya sido utilizado previamente para registrarse o acceder a las Aplicaciones/Servicios. La técnica de marca de agua se utiliza para fines de control de calidad y validación, y detección y/o prevención de fraude. RN puede participar en actividades relacionadas con la técnica de marca de agua de forma directa o a través de un proveedor tercero, con su consentimiento cuando así lo exija la ley aplicable. En algunos casos, podemos usar la información recopilada a través de medios automatizados, junto con otra información, para reconocer a los usuarios (u hogares) en diferentes plataformas o dispositivos, como teléfonos inteligentes, computadoras, tabletas o navegadores relacionados, para los fines que se describen en esta Política de privacidad.
Información recopilada de terceros
RN puede solicitar PII e información demográfica y/o de comportamiento a terceros que pueden incluir, por ejemplo, plataformas de gestión de datos, redes publicitarias, agencias de servicios de información, otros proveedores de muestras y/o plataformas de redes sociales. RN puede usar la PII y los datos demográficos y/o de comportamiento obtenidos de terceros para diversos fines que pueden incluir, por ejemplo, la validación de datos, el anexo de datos, el desarrollo de conocimientos de mercadotecnia y modelos similares, la detección del fraude y/o el envío de un único correo electrónico para invitarlo a participar en una encuesta y/o unirse a un panel. Asimismo, los datos de geolocalización, incluida la información sobre tiendas y otras empresas comerciales que visite mientras está habilitada la función de geolocalización, se pueden anexar a su perfil de panel y/o compartir con clientes de RN, si optó por ser incluido en los servicios de geolocalización.
¿Cómo utiliza RN la información que recopila?
Uso de la información por parte de RN:
Además de los fines que se describen anteriormente, RN utiliza los datos personales recopilados a través de las Aplicaciones/Servicios de la siguiente manera: (i) para comunicarse con usted en relación con su membresía en paneles de encuestas pertenecientes a RN; (ii) para comunicarse con usted en relación con su participación en encuestas; (iii) para personalizar oportunidades de encuesta para usted y organizar que se le muestren anuncios publicitarios fuera de las Aplicaciones/Servicios a los fines de facilitar encuestas de recordación de anuncios; (iv) para enviarle notificaciones de oportunidades de encuesta; (v) para cumplir con todas y cada una de las obligaciones legales, que incluyen, entre otras, las obligaciones impositivas; (vi) para administrar y gestionar los programas de recompensas e incentivos de RN y satisfacer sus solicitudes de recompensas e incentivos; (vii) para facilitar su participación en los sorteos y las promociones de RN y comunicarse con usted en relación con tales participaciones; (viii) para actualizar los registros de RN; (ix) para cumplir con cualquier obligación o requisito de eliminación de datos; (x) para fines de detección y/o prevención del fraude; (xi) para vincular su dispositivo y/o perfil con información adicional disponible sobre usted y/o su dispositivo en plataformas de gestión de datos (data management platform, “DMP”); (xii) para comercializar productos y servicios de RN para usted; (xiii) para permitir que terceros comercialicen sus productos y servicios para usted; (xiv) para permitir que RN o terceros desarrollen conocimientos de mercadotecnia y/o modelos similares o de audiencia; (xv) para validar la información de perfil que usted nos provea; y/o (xvi) según se permita conforme a esta Política o a lo autorizado por usted. RN puede usar la información recopilada en el contexto de las Aplicaciones/Servicios en relación con otros paneles de encuesta que RN administre y/o en relación con Actividades no relacionadas con investigación. Con respecto a la vinculación de datos de las Aplicaciones/Servicios con datos de DMP de terceros, RN utiliza dichos datos o permite a clientes de RN o a la propia DMP usar esos datos para ofrecerle oportunidades de encuesta a usted, medir la eficacia de los anuncios publicitarios (tal como se describe en detalle más abajo), segmentar audiencias, diseñar campañas publicitarias usando grupos de cohorte “similares” basados en datos de encuestas y terceros, y/o comercializar productos y servicios de terceros para usted.
Redireccionamiento. RN puede contratar ocasionalmente a terceros para mostrar anuncios publicitarios en sitios web de RN o para administrar anuncios publicitarios de RN en otros sitios web (por ejemplo, en sitios de redes sociales). Los socios terceros de RN pueden usar tecnologías como cookies o elementos de datos de identificación, incluido, entre otros, su IDFA o identificador de anuncios publicitarios, para recopilar información sobre sus actividades en los sitios web de RN y/o en otros sitios web para: (i) mostrarle anuncios publicitarios sobre RN y sus servicios y/o (ii) asistir a RN en el desarrollo de campañas publicitarias y de mercadotecnia diseñadas para dirigirse a personas que tienen un perfil social y demográfico similar al de usted. Si RN lleva a cabo un programa de redireccionamiento y usted no desea participar en dicho programa, puede optar por excluirse siguiendo el proceso de exclusión de la cookie correspondiente que se indica en esta Política de privacidad o en un aviso sobre cookies de RN por separado, modificando su IDFA o identificador de anuncios publicitarios y/o cancelando su suscripción dentro del propio anuncio.
Conocimientos de audiencia/modelos similares. RN y/o los terceros pueden usar la PII recopilada de usted y/o vincular la PII recopilada de usted a cookies de terceros para desarrollar conocimientos de audiencia y/o modelos similares en relación con campañas de mercadotecnia.
Eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea. En relación con el programa de eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea de RN, usted puede participar en encuestas sobre anuncios publicitarios, promociones, contenidos, campañas y/o sitios web que esté probando RN para sus clientes. Para facilitar el llenado de estas encuestas, los clientes de RN pueden escribir, establecer o leer cookies, objetos compartidos o almacenados de forma local, cookies flash y/o cualquier otra tecnología relacionada (denominadas de forma individual como “Tecnología de terceros” y en conjunto, “Tecnologías de terceros”). Las Tecnologías de terceros pueden escribirse, establecerse o leerse en varias ubicaciones que incluyen, entre otras, los servidores o sistemas de RN. Si participa, su UID se almacenará o asociará a la Tecnología de terceros para que pueda ser contactado nuevamente sobre el anuncio publicitario en línea o la promoción, y el cliente de RN utilizará la Tecnología de terceros para determinar si ha observado, hecho clic o interactuado de otro modo con el anuncio publicitario en línea o con la promoción. Si ha interactuado con el aviso publicitario en línea o con la promoción, el cliente de RN enviará su UID y la encuesta específica a RN y RN le brindará a usted la oportunidad de completar la encuesta.
Datos de medición de audiencia. Además de usar y compartir los Datos de medición de audiencia (tal como se definen abajo) en relación con la investigación de la eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea, como se describe arriba, RN puede compartir su UID y los datos que RN recopiló previamente, como edad, sexo, ingresos, cantidad de miembros de su hogar, educación/nivel educativo y situación laboral (“Datos de medición de audiencia”) con terceros, los que incluyen, entre otros, subcontratistas, socios y/o clientes de RN para que confeccionen informes de medición de audiencia sobre contenidos, anuncios publicitarios, campañas y sitios web que usted visite, visualice y/o en los que haga clic. Los Datos de medición de audiencia se utilizarán en relación con la investigación de la eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea y para ayudar en la creación, el desarrollo y la implementación de sitios web, anuncios publicitarios en línea y otras características, funcionalidades y campañas digitales y en Internet. Los Datos de medición de audiencia pueden compartirse en un formulario resumido individual (por ejemplo, nivel de respuesta individual) o formulario resumido incorporado (por ejemplo, grupo de encuestados).
¿Cómo utilizan mi información los anunciantes y las redes publicitarias?
Uso de la información por parte de los socios publicitarios.
Usted puede usar las Aplicaciones/Servicios para participar en encuestas, incluidas, entre otras, las encuestas relacionadas con anuncios y promociones específicas que RN esté probando para sus clientes comerciales. Es posible que vea estos anuncios y promociones en varios lugares, como en aplicaciones móviles no pertenecientes a RN (por ejemplo, una aplicación de juegos), luego de lo cual RN le dará acceso o se comunicará con usted para que complete una encuesta sobre el anuncio o la promoción a la que fue expuesto. Para facilitar el llenado de encuestas sobre anuncios o promociones, RN se ha asociado con compañías publicitarias que proporcionan, miden o facilitan anuncios en muchas aplicaciones móviles, entre otras cosas. Las Aplicaciones/Servicios suministran a estas redes publicitarias el UID, su identificador único de dispositivo y muchos o todos los otros tipos de información que se describen en la sección “Información recopilada a través de medios automatizados” de arriba (incluida la geolocalización continua, si el dispositivo permite recopilar datos de geolocalización). Luego, si usted usa una aplicación móvil que se ha asociado con una de las compañías publicitarias, esta compañía podrá usar su identificador único de dispositivo u otra información recopilada automáticamente para reconocer su dispositivo. La compañía publicitaria podrá entonces mostrarle un anuncio o promoción que RN esté probando para uno de sus clientes comerciales. La compañía publicitaria podrá informar luego a RN que el dispositivo asociado a su UID acaba de recibir un anuncio o promoción, lo que le permitirá a RN darle acceso o comunicarse con usted para que complete una encuesta sobre dicho anuncio o promoción. Con su consentimiento, las compañías publicitarias también utilizan la información que recopilan sobre su dispositivo y sus interacciones con las Aplicaciones/Servicios y otras aplicaciones móviles para mostrarle otros anuncios publicitarios dentro de la aplicación que han sido adaptados a sus intereses, y también para otros fines. Para más información sobre algunas de estas compañías publicitarias, y sobre cómo excluirse, visite los siguientes sitios:
¿Qué comunicaciones recibiré a través de las Aplicaciones/Servicios o en relación con los Servicios?
RN puede comunicarse con usted para que participe en encuestas a través de notificaciones “automáticas” o SMS/mensajes de texto, si usted acuerda de forma expresa recibir tales comunicaciones.
Además, RN y/o sus agentes o los proveedores que actúen en nombre de RN le enviarán comunicaciones por correo electrónico relacionadas con invitaciones a encuestas, participación en encuestas, información de recompensas o incentivos, consultas y canjes, boletines informativos, avisos exigidos por la presente o por la ley, participación en sorteos o promociones, avisos de que ha ganado un sorteo o promoción y respuestas a consultas de usted.
 
¿Comparte RN la información personal y otra información recopilada a través de las Aplicaciones/Servicios con terceros?
De acuerdo con la ley aplicable, RN podrá divulgar o transferir datos personales y otra información recopilada a través de las Aplicaciones/Servicios a terceros de la siguiente manera:
(i) con su consentimiento;
(ii) en respuesta a citaciones o a una orden judicial o emitida por una agencia gubernamental;
(iii) para establecer, ejercer o defender las demandas de una persona o de RN, incluida una orden para proteger la seguridad de una persona o para proteger los derechos y/o la propiedad de RN;
(iv) entre diferentes paneles de RN, si usted se inscribe en más de un panel de RN;
(v) para una compañía matriz, subsidiaria o afiliada de RN: (1) en el caso de una reorganización o restructuración, o (2) para el uso y procesamiento de acuerdo con esta Política o como usted lo autorice;
(vi) para los agentes autorizados y/o subcontratistas de RN y/o clientes de RN, que están prestando servicios, incluidos, entre otros, servicios de anexo de datos, servicios de validación de datos, detección y/o prevención de fraudes, servicios de combinación de bases de datos, servicios de codificación y servicios relacionados con recompensas, incentivos y sorteos;
(vii) para que un cliente la utilice con fines relacionados con investigación de mercado limitada, lo que incluye, entre otras cosas, el modelado, la validación, el anexo de datos, la segmentación de bases de datos y el canje, el cumplimiento y/o la participación en recompensas, incentivos o sorteos;
(viii) en relación con un cambio de propiedad o control, lo que incluye, entre otras cosas, una fusión o adquisición de todos o cada uno de los activos comerciales de RN, siempre que la parte que reciba o adquiera los datos personales acuerde utilizar, proteger y mantener la seguridad, integridad y confidencialidad de los datos personales, de acuerdo con esta Política;
(ix) para un cliente o un consumidor de un cliente en caso de que RN o un tercero crea que usted ha violado o puede haber violado los derechos de propiedad intelectual de un tercero;
(x) para un cliente o un consumidor de un cliente en caso de que RN o un tercero crea que usted ha violado los Términos y condiciones de servicio;
(xi) para un tercero, lo que incluirá tanto a clientes de investigación de RN como a terceros que participen en Actividades no relacionadas con investigación para permitir que el tercero desarrolle campañas de mercadotecnia, conocimientos de audiencia o modelos similares, y/o comercialice los productos y servicios del tercero para usted;
(xii) como lo permita de otro modo esta Política.
Además de lo antedicho, si se inscribe a través de un tercero con quien RN tiene una relación contractual y/o desde un correo electrónico enviado por una compañía de terceros que le propone unirse a nuestras Aplicaciones/Servicios (en conjunto, “Socio del programa”), RN puede compartir determinada información de inscripción con el Socio del programa que lo invitó, la cual puede incluir su nombre completo, código postal y dirección de correo electrónico. Usted reconoce que el Socio del programa puede recopilar, usar y divulgar dicha información de acuerdo con su política de privacidad. Tenga en cuenta que RN no será responsable por las acciones del Socio del programa en relación con la información de usted, ni por las prácticas de privacidad de dicho Socio cuando usted tenga trato directo con este.
Observe que RN puede permitir a un cliente recopilar la PII directamente de los encuestados. La divulgación es voluntaria y, antes de la recopilación, el cliente debe celebrar un acuerdo por escrito con RN, el cual, entre otras cosas, limite el uso de la PII.
RN puede autorizar el uso de cierta PII a terceros (p. ej., corredores de datos, acumuladores de datos, etc.) para sus propios Fines no relacionados con investigación, lo que incluye, entre otras cosas, la autorización de datos individuales y/o acumulados (p. ej., actividad de uso o compra de productos o servicios, actividad en redes sociales, datos de visitas a sitios web, historial de búsquedas en Internet, etc.) para el desarrollo de conocimientos de audiencia y/o modelos similares, a los fines de vender tales datos a clientes o consumidores del tercero para realizar análisis y ofrecer inteligencia de mercado y/o permitir a dicho tercero comercializar sus productos y servicios para usted.
Además, los UID y la información recopilada por medios automatizados se proporcionan a terceros, incluidos, entre otros, clientes, socios, agentes y/o proveedores para los fines de identificación de encuestados para volver a contactarlos a través de encuestas o comunicaciones, detección y/o prevención del fraude, combinación de bases de datos, validación de datos, anexo de datos, codificación, segmentación de datos y servicios relacionados con recompensas, incentivos, sorteos o promociones.
En relación con los datos de sus encuestas, RN o el cliente puede asociar ciertos atributos demográficos a usted. RN puede compartir con terceros, incluidos los clientes, entre otros, los datos geográficos y/o demográficos que RN recopile de usted durante la inscripción o a través de ciertas preguntas de perfil que RN le haga. Tales datos pueden compartirse con terceros a nivel de respuesta individual o en un formulario resumido de datos acumulados (por ejemplo, por grupo de encuestados). Si usted divulga voluntariamente datos personales en relación con las respuestas y los datos que brindó en su encuesta, y RN recopila las respuestas y datos de la encuesta, RN transferirá las respuestas y datos de la encuesta, el UID y los datos personales divulgados de forma voluntaria al cliente de RN.
¿Cómo puedo excluirme de la recopilación y/o el uso de determinados datos?
Existen varias opciones de exclusión para los usuarios de las Aplicaciones/Servicios.
Usted puede detener toda la recopilación de datos personales y otra información por parte de las Aplicaciones/Servicios, desinstalando dichas Aplicaciones/Servicios y/o finalizando su participación en los paneles. Puede usar los procesos de desinstalación estándares que forman parte de su dispositivo móvil o de la red o mercado de aplicaciones móviles, y/o puede cancelar su cuenta de panelista en el sitio del panel. Observe que si elimina las Aplicaciones/Servicios, pero mantiene un perfil en uno de los sitios web de RN, podemos seguir recopilando datos personales y otros datos de usted a través de nuestros sitios. Al desinstalar las Aplicaciones/Servicios, no se eliminará toda la información que RN haya recopilado antes de la desinstalación. Para eliminar toda la información recopilada por RN, comuníquese con RN, como se indica abajo.
Seis meses después de la finalización de su cuenta, de inactividad de su cuenta y/o de la fecha en la que desinstale las Aplicaciones/Servicios, RN podrá transferir su PII a un corredor de datos y/o a una plataforma de gestión de datos de terceros para la reventa o reutilización por parte de dichos terceros. Si no desea que su PII sea utilizada para Actividades no relacionadas con investigación y/o no da su consentimiento a RN para que comparta su PII con terceros luego de la finalización de la cuenta y/o de la eliminación de las Aplicaciones/Servicios de su dispositivo, comuníquese con nosotros a privacy@surveysampling.com .
Para excluirse de datos de localización en iOS
Usted puede, en cualquier momento, optar por no permitir que las Aplicaciones/Servicios accedan a sus datos de localización haciendo lo siguiente:
• Toque o seleccione el ícono de ajustes de su dispositivo.
• En los ajustes, toque o seleccione Servicios de localización.
• Cuando ingrese en Servicios de localización, puede usar el control deslizante individual de las Aplicaciones/Servicios para desactivar los servicios de localización.
Nota: Si desactiva los Servicios de localización, se le pedirá que active los servicios la próxima vez que las Aplicaciones/Servicios intenten usar esta función.
Para excluirse de datos de localización en Android
Usted puede, en cualquier momento, optar por no permitir que las Aplicaciones/Servicios accedan a sus datos de localización haciendo lo siguiente:
• Toque el botón ACERCA DE en la parte superior derecha de la barra de navegación.
• En el diálogo de ACERCA DE, puede activar o desactivar los servicios de localización con un botón denominado: “Acceso a mi ubicación”.
Para excluirse de notificaciones automáticas en iOS
Puede optar por no recibir notificaciones automáticas de las Aplicaciones/Servicios haciendo lo siguiente:
• Toque o seleccione el ícono de ajustes de su dispositivo.
• En los ajustes, toque o seleccione notificaciones.
• Si las notificaciones automáticas están activadas, habrá una lista íconos. Toque o seleccione el ícono de las Aplicaciones/Servicios.
• En esta pantalla, podrá modificar los ajustes de notificaciones automáticas de las Aplicaciones/Servicios.
Para excluirse de notificaciones automáticas en Android
• Puede optar por no recibir notificaciones automáticas de las Aplicaciones/Servicios haciendo lo siguiente:
• Acceda a los Ajustes del dispositivo.
• En Ajustes, localice el ajuste de Aplicaciones.
• Cuando esté en Aplicaciones, localice la aplicación correspondiente (QuickThoughts o iPoll) y selecciónela.
• Localice una casilla de verificación denominada “Mostrar notificaciones” y seleccione según sus preferencias.
Excluirse de comunicaciones por correo electrónico
Puede excluirse de las comunicaciones por correo electrónico, haciendo clic en el enlace para cancelar la suscripción que figura en cualquier correo electrónico que reciba de nosotros, o comunicándose con nosotros como se indica abajo.
Excluirse para no compartir datos de perfil de plataformas de redes sociales
Puede optar por no compartir los datos de perfil de plataformas de redes sociales, cambiando su configuración de preferencias o perfil de la plataforma de red social relacionada con la opción de compartir datos con terceros, o quitando las Aplicaciones/Servicios de su perfil de red social.
Excluirse del uso del identificador de anuncios asignado a su teléfono inteligente o dispositivo
Puede cambiar el identificador de anuncios asignado a su dispositivo en cualquier momento.
Excluirse de redes publicitarias
Las redes publicitarias que recopilan información a través de las Aplicaciones/Servicios para facilitar encuestas y proporcionar anuncios publicitarios basados en intereses ofrecen ciertos mecanismos de exclusión. Para excluirse, siga las instrucciones de cada red en los enlaces que se incluyen abajo. Si se excluye, no podrá participar en nuestras encuestas sobre anuncios y promociones.
Red publicitaria
¿Puedo hacer que RN deje de hacer un seguimiento de mis actividades en línea?
No realizar seguimiento (Do Not Track, “DNT”) es una preferencia de su navegador que puede establecer para notificar a los sitios web que visitó que no desea que recopilen determinada información sobre usted. RN no responde a señales de DNT. Si se opone a la práctica de RN con respecto a las señales de DNT, puede optar por no participar o utilizar los servicios de RN, como se describe abajo.
En relación con el programa de eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea de RN, RN permite que los subcontratistas, socios y/o clientes de RN descarguen, establezcan y/o escriban Tecnologías de terceros con el fin de facilitar la medición de audiencia y las actividades de encuestas de recordación de anuncios. RN no se responsabiliza por ningún cumplimiento o respuesta que brinde un tercero a las señales de DNT. Para obtener más información sobre el programa de eficacia de anuncios publicitarios en línea de RN, revise la sección de Cookies de esta Política de privacidad.
¿Durante cuánto tiempo conservan mis datos personales y otra información?
RN conservará los datos personales y otra información relacionada con el uso que usted haga de las Aplicaciones/Servicios y/o de los Servicios durante el tiempo que usted tenga instalada la Aplicación y/o utilice las Aplicaciones/Servicios, y hasta un (1) año después o el período que exija o permita la ley. Seis meses después de su inactividad en los sitios de paneles y/o de que desinstale las Aplicaciones/Servicios, RN podrá transferir su PII a un corredor de datos y/o a una plataforma de gestión de datos de terceros para la reventa o reutilización por parte de dichos terceros.
¿Cómo puedo acceder a los datos personales y a otra información que las Aplicaciones/Servicios han recopilado sobre mí?
Usted tiene derecho a revisar, corregir y eliminar sus datos personales, sujeto a la ley aplicable. Para hacer dicha solicitud, puede comunicarse con nosotros usando los datos de contacto que se indican abajo.
¿Las Aplicaciones/Servicios recopilan datos de menores de dieciocho (18) años?
Las Aplicaciones/Servicios no se diseñaron ni pensaron para que las utilicen personas menores de dieciocho (18) años de edad. Nosotros no recopilamos intencionalmente datos personales de menores de dieciocho (18) años, y si tomamos conocimiento de que hemos recopilado accidentalmente datos personales de un menor de dieciocho (18) años de edad, tomaremos medidas comerciales razonables para eliminar tales datos.
¿Qué medidas de seguridad se ofrecen para los datos personales y otra información recopilada a través de las Aplicaciones/Servicios?
RN mantiene medidas de protección técnicas, administrativas y físicas adecuadas para proteger los datos personales y otra información divulgada o recopilada por RN. RN revisa, supervisa y evalúa sus prácticas de privacidad y sistemas de protección con regularidad. A pesar de las medidas de protección que implementamos, las transmisiones por Internet y/o redes móviles no son totalmente seguras y RN no garantiza la seguridad de las transmisiones en línea. RN no se responsabiliza por ningún error que cometan las personas en el envío de datos personales a RN.
¿Con quién puedo comunicarme si tengo preguntas sobre esta Política?
Si desea:
– recibir una copia de la información que tenemos sobre usted;
– comunicar una solicitud de exclusión a RN;
– solicitar el acceso, la corrección, el bloqueo o la eliminación de sus datos personales;
– presentar una queja sobre nuestras prácticas de privacidad;
– ser excluido de ciertos usos de su PII;
o tiene preguntas sobre las prácticas de privacidad de RN y/o esta Política, comuníquese con nosotros por correo electrónico a privacy@surveysampling.com .
El Departamento Legal de RN es responsable de que RN cumpla con esta Política.
¿Existe alguna compañía dentro del Grupo de RN que pueda recopilar, almacenar y procesar PII?
Sí, vea la lista de compañías a continuación:
Compañía
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
Survey Sampling RO S.R.L.  – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
Mountain West Research Center L.C.
Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Kebijakan Privasi
Berikut ini adalah Research Now Group, Inc. untuk penduduk Indonesia dan merupakan kebijakan Research Now Group Limited, dengan alamat terdaftar di 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF mengatasnamakan dirinya sendiri dan semua keluarga perusahaan Research Now Group, termasuk semua afiliasi dari Survey Sampling International, LLC yang secara global dicantumkan di bawah ini (secara bersama-sama “RN”). Semua entitas global tersebut akan memiliki akses ke data pribadi yang dikumpulkan sesuai dengan kebijakan ini dan dapat mengakses dan/atau menyimpan data tersebut di luar negara tempat tinggal Anda, termasuk Amerika Serikat.
Pertama Kali Berlaku: 24 Februari 2000
Versi Ini: Berlaku 7 Mei 2018
Berikut ini ditetapkan kebijakan privasi untuk komunitas, situs web, dan/atau aplikasi mobile untuk panel online RN (secara bersama-sama disebut “Aplikasi/Layanan”) yang diberikan oleh RN.
Kebijakan Privasi ini menetapkan pengumpulan, penggunaan, dan pengungkapan data pribadi atau informasi identifikasi pribadi (personal identifiable information atau “PII“) dan informasi lainnya oleh RN yang berkaitan dengan Layanan RN sebagaimana didefinisikan dalam kebijakan ini serta kegiatan lain RN dan pihak ketiga sebagaimana didefinisikan dalam kebijakan ini (“Kegiatan Non-Riset”). Layanan RN memberi Anda kesempatan untuk bergabung dengan panel, berpartisipasi dalam survei yang dikelola oleh RN maupun oleh pihak ketiga (baik sebagai anggota panel maupun anggota non-panel), menggunakan situs web panel-panel tersebut, menggunakan Aplikasi/Layanan yang terkait dengan panel, dan menerima serta menukarkan hadiah dan insentif, termasuk tetapi tidak terbatas pada, entri undian, yang ditawarkan berkaitan dengan keanggotaan panel dan/atau penyelesaian survei (secara bersama-sama disebut “Layanan“). Kegiatan Non-Riset meliputi, tetapi tidak terbatas pada, pemasaran RN, Layanan RN dan/atau pihak ketiga yang memasarkan layanan mereka kepada Anda dan/atau membagikan data profil individu dan/atau keseluruhan kepada pihak ketiga untuk mengembangkan wawasan pemasaran dan/atau khalayak/model serupa. Kegiatan Non-Riset dijelaskan secara lebih terperinci dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini.
Penggunaan Aplikasi/Layanan RN Anda sepenuhnya bersifat sukarela dan karenanya pemrosesan PII Anda oleh RN terkait Aplikasi/Layanan serta Kegiatan Non-Riset dan Kebijakan Privasi ini dilakukan atas persetujuan Anda.
Survei yang dikelola oleh pihak ketiga dan data yang dikumpulkan terkait dengan survei tersebut tidak tunduk pada Kebijakan Privasi ini. Pendaftaran, penggunaan, dan akses ke Layanan RN tunduk pada Syarat dan Ketentuan RN. RN umumnya bukan merupakan sponsor survei, dan instrumen survei, serta hasil survei atau data survei tersebut akan menjadi milik sponsor survei.
Semua rujukan pada “RN” dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini mencakup RN serta perusahaan induk, anak perusahaan, dan perusahaan afiliasinya. Semua rujukan “kami” atau “kita” merujuk pada RN. Seluruh PII disimpan dalam server yang berada di Amerika Serikat, tempat server RN berada serta dapat diakses secara global oleh karyawan dan/atau agen RN. Untuk tujuan kebijakan ini, responden berarti setiap individu yang ikut serta dalam Layanan RN, termasuk pengumpulan data pasif dan/atau ikut serta dalam Kegiatan Non-Riset yang dijelaskan dalam kebijakan ini. Untuk tujuan kebijakan ini, online mencakup penelusuran web seluler,
Data pribadi dan informasi lain apa yang dikumpulkan oleh Aplikasi/Layanan dan bagaimana hal ini digunakan?
RN mengumpulkan informasi identifikasi pribadi (“PII”) dari peserta riset selama dan setelah pendaftaran dengan panel, termasuk tanpa batasan, selama keikutsertaan dalam survei dan dalam kaitannya dengan penerimaan dan penukaran hadiah dan insentif dan/atau selama pendaftaran dan proses mengunduh Aplikasi/Layanan. Anda akan diminta untuk menyediakan informasi PII dan demografis tertentu, termasuk tanpa batasan, nama Anda, alamat, nomor telepon (termasuk nomor telepon rumah, ponsel, dan/atau nomor telepon bisnis), alamat email, tanggal lahir, dan pekerjaan/pendidikan, nomor identifikasi unik panelis/responden yang kami berikan untuk Anda saat mendaftarkan akun (secara terpisah “UID” dan secara bersama-sama “UID-UID”), serta informasi ras dan jenis kelamin. Selain pengumpulan PII yang disebutkan di atas, selama dan setelah proses pendaftaran, Anda mungkin diminta untuk secara sukarela memberikan atau mengungkapkan Data Sensitif. “Data Sensitif” berarti bahwa PII yang mengungkapkan atau membuka kondisi kesehatan dan medis, orientasi seksual atau kehidupan sosial, opini/pandangan politik, asal-usul kebangsaan/suku, keyakinan keagamaan dan filosofis, serta keanggotaan persatuan dagang. Data Sensitif digunakan untuk memberikan kesempatan survei kepada Anda dan sebagaimana ditetapkan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini.
RN mengumpulkan PII, Data Sensitif, dan informasi demografis dari anggota non-panel sebelum dan selama keikutsertaan dalam survei.
RN memberi klien dan/atau mitra periklanannya informasi mengenai perangkat Anda, termasuk, namun tidak terbatas pada IDFA atau ID Periklanan dari perangkat tersebut dan interaksi dengan Aplikasi/Layanan dengan persetujuan Anda. RN, klien, dan/atau mitra periklanan dapat menggunakan informasi ini untuk memfasilitasi survei RN, untuk memasarkan produk dan layanan RN kepada Anda, untuk periklanan berbasis minat yang tidak terkait, guna menghubungkan perangkat Anda dengan data tambahan mengenai Anda dan/atau perangkat Anda yang tersedia dari platform manajemen data pihak ketiga serta penyedia/pialang data, dan/atau untuk mengesahkan informasi tertentu yang Anda berikan mengenai diri Anda dan/atau perangkat Anda. Klik di sini untuk mempelajari lebih lanjut mengenai beberapa mitra periklanan kami, termasuk cara membatalkan keikutsertaan di lain waktu.
Informasi tambahan yang Anda kirimkan.
Anda dapat menyerahkan, mengunggah, atau mengirimkan konten atau materi, termasuk tanpa batasan, foto, video, dan/atau konten atau materi serupa atau terkait lainnya yang mungkin tertera dalam PII Anda (“Konten Pengguna”), misalnya, saat menyelesaikan survei. PII yang tercantum dalam Konten Pengguna akan dikumpulkan, digunakan, dan diungkapkan sebagaimana ditetapkan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini. Konten Pengguna tidak boleh menyertakan audio, video, gambar, atau hal serupa dari siapa pun selain Anda.
Informasi yang dikumpulkan dengan sarana otomatis:
Aplikasi/Layanan ini juga secara otomatis mengumpulkan informasi tertentu, misalnya informasi mengenai perangkat dan kemampuan perangkat Anda, termasuk tanpa batasan, sistem operasi perangkat, aplikasi lain pada perangkat Anda, alamat IP, penyedia jaringan perangkat, jenis perangkat, zona waktu, status jaringan, jenis peramban, pengenal peramban, nomor identifikasi unik perangkat (misalnya pengenal untuk analitik atau periklanan), ID pengguna penyedia jaringan (angka unik yang diberikan oleh penyedia jaringan kepada Anda), alamat Kendali Akses Media (Media Access Control atau MAC), Identitas Peralatan Seluler Internasional, lokasi, dan informasi lain yang terpisah atau digabungkan adalah cara unik yang digunakan untuk mengidentifikasi perangkat Anda. Contoh-contoh khusus data ini dan teknologi yang mengumpulkannya, adalah sebagai berikut:
Data geo-lokasi. Aplikasi/Layanan akan meminta izin Anda untuk memperoleh informasi geo-lokasi dari perangkat seluler Anda. Informasi geo-lokasi semacam ini mungkin disediakan oleh Aplikasi/Layanan sewaktu-waktu, baik ketika Aplikasi/Layanan dibuka ataupun tidak. Apabila Anda setuju untuk membagikan data geo-lokasi Anda, di samping penggunaan yang ditetapkan menurut “penggunaan informasi oleh RN” di bawah ini, RN juga akan menggunakan informasi lokasi untuk menawarkan pilihan guna ikut serta dalam survei dan riset pasar berbasis lokasi kepada Anda dan/atau membagikan data geo-lokasi tersebut kepada klien pihak ketiga guna menunjukkan lokasi dan/atau pola lalu lintas tertentu dari peserta Aplikasi/Layanan. Selain itu, RN mungkin membagikan data geo-lokasi Anda kepada vendor pihak ketiga guna mengidentifikasi alamat-alamat komersial di sekitar lokasi Anda, misalnya toko atau restoran. Untuk mempelajari lebih lanjut mengenai vendor tersebut, kunjungilah https:// www.placed.com untuk memperoleh penjelasan seputar layanan yang mereka sediakan dan cara data geo-lokasi digunakan, termasuk penggunaan data tersebut oleh vendor untuk keperluan periklanan berbasis lokasi.
Data geo-lokasi juga dapat digunakan oleh jaringan iklan untuk menyediakan periklanan berbasis lokasi kepada Anda. Penggunaan data oleh jaringan iklan beserta cara memilih untuk keluar dijelaskan secara lebih terperinci di bawah ini.
Apabila Anda tidak lagi ingin membagikan data geo-lokasi melalui perangkat Anda, ubahlah pengaturan privasi pada perangkat Anda untuk Aplikasi/Layanan tersebut.
Aplikasi/Layanan dan fungsionalitas. RN dapat meminta akses ke aplikasi dan/atau fungsionalitas tertentu yang tersedia pada atau melalui perangkat Anda untuk digunakan sehubungan dengan Aplikasi/Layanan serta Layanan tersebut. Akses akan diminta melalui pemberitahuan otomatis (push notification) atau peringatan lainnya. Akses hanya akan diberikan dengan persetujuan Anda. Apabila Anda setuju, berikutnya Anda dapat memilih untuk keluar dengan mengubah pengaturan pada perangkat Anda.
Informasi media sosial. Anda juga dapat ditawari kesempatan untuk mengakses Aplikasi/Layanan melalui platform media sosial pihak ketiga. Apabila Anda memilih opsi tersebut, RN dapat mengumpulkan informasi profil tertentu yang tersimpan dalam akun platform media sosial Anda.
Cookie dan Teknologi Serupa. Cookie adalah file kecil yang menyimpan data tertentu pada sebuah perangkat. Cookie sesi berakhir ketika Anda menutup peramban. Cookie persisten tetap berada dalam perangkat Anda hingga dihapus atau setelah tanggal kedaluwarsa yang ditentukan. Anda dapat mengatur peramban untuk mengirimkan pemberitahuan ketika Anda menerima cookie. Data geografis dan demografis tambahan seperti Data Pengukuran Khalayak (sebagaimana didefinisikan di bawah ini) dapat dibagikan dengan para pihak ketiga dan terkait dengan cookie yang ditempatkan pada perangkat Anda.
Cookie pihak pertama dan pihak ketiga, teknologi serupa atau terkait lainnya, serta pengenal perangkat (contohnya IDFA, AAID, dll.) dapat ditempatkan, dipasang, diatur, dan/atau dibaca dengan sejumlah tujuan, termasuk tanpa batasan, untuk menyediakan pengalaman survei yang lebih baik, kendali mutu, validasi, untuk memungkinkan atau memfasilitasi keikutsertaan survei, pelacakan survei yang sudah diisi ataupun tindakan yang sudah selesai lainnya, untuk deteksi dan/atau pencegahan pemalsuan, riset efektivitas iklan online, pelacakan situs web dan pengukuran khalayak, untuk mengembangkan wawasan khalayak dan/atau model yang serupa sehubungan dengan kampanye pemasaran, dan demi tujuan sasaran iklan serta konten lainnya kepada individu, tunduk pada persetujuan Anda jika diwajibkan oleh hukum yang berlaku. Namun demikian, untuk cookie tertentu dan/atau teknologi serupa atau terkait, jika Anda memutuskan untuk tidak menerima cookie, Anda tidak dapat menggunakan Aplikasi/Layanan tersebut.
Cookie dijelaskan secara lebih terperinci di sini:
Penting
PHPSESSID
ANALISIS DAN KUSTOMISASI
Google Analytics
Instruksi pilihan keluar disediakan melalui setiap tautan di bawah ini.
Vendor
File Log. Aplikasi/Layanan dapat mengumpulkan dan menyimpan informasi tertentu secara otomatis, termasuk tanpa batasan, data yang tersedia dari peramban web Anda. Informasi tersebut termasuk tanpa batasan, Alamat IP, jenis peramban, penyedia layanan internet, halaman rujukan/keluar, sistem operasi, stempel tanggal/waktu, dan data arus klik dalam file log.
Pemindaian Sidik Jari Digital. Pada umumnya, pemindaian sidik jari digital memberikan pengenal unik pada perangkat Anda berdasarkan pengaturan teknis perangkat tersebut, karakteristik, serta Alamat IPnya. RN menggunakan teknologi pemindaian sidik jari digital untuk tujuan kendali mutu dan validasi serta deteksi dan/atau pencegahan pemalsuan, termasuk tanpa batasan, pengenalan responden ganda atau palsu. RN dapat menerapkan dan menggunakan pemindaian sidik jari digital secara langsung atau melalui vendor pihak ketiga dengan persetujuan Anda jika diwajibkan oleh hukum yang berlaku.
Watermark. Secara umum, watermark melibatkan penempatan teknologi atau file pada perangkat Anda untuk mengidentifikasi apakah perangkat ini sebelumnya telah digunakan untuk mendaftar atau mengakses Aplikasi/Layanan atau Layanan-Layanan. Watermark digunakan untuk tujuan kendali mutu dan validasi serta tujuan deteksi dan/atau pencegahan pemalsuan. RN dapat terlibat dalam aktivitas pencantuman watermark secara langsung atau melalui vendor pihak ketiga dengan persetujuan Anda jika diwajibkan oleh hukum yang berlaku. Dalam sejumlah kasus, kami dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan melalui sarana otomatis, beserta informasi lainnya, untuk mengenali pengguna perorangan (atau pengguna rumah tangga) lintas platform atau lintas perangkat, seperti ponsel pintar, komputer, tablet, atau peramban terkait, demi tujuan yang dijelaskan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini.
Informasi yang dikumpulkan dari pihak ketiga
RN dapat memperoleh PII, informasi perilaku dan/atau demografis dari pihak ketiga, termasuk tanpa batasan, platform manajemen data, jaringan iklan, biro layanan informasi, pemasok sampel lainnya, dan/atau platform media sosial. RN dapat menggunakan PII, data perilaku dan/atau demografis yang diterima dari pihak ketiga untuk berbagai tujuan, termasuk tanpa batasan, validasi data, penambahan data, pengembangan wawasan pemasaran dan model serupa, tujuan deteksi pemalsuan, dan/atau mengirimkan email satu kali kepada Anda yang berisi undangan untuk berpartisipasi dalam survei dan/atau bergabung ke Panel. Selain itu, data geo-lokasi, termasuk informasi terkait penjual ritel dan perusahaan komersial lainnya yang mungkin Anda kunjungi ketika fitur geolokasi terpasang, dapat ditambahkan dalam profil panel Anda dan/atau dibagi dengan klien RN jika Anda memilih untuk masuk layanan geo-lokasi.
Bagaimana RN menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkannya?
Penggunaan informasi oleh RN:
Selain tujuan yang dijelaskan di atas, RN menggunakan data pribadi yang dikumpulkan melalui Aplikasi/Layanan sebagai berikut: (i) untuk berkomunikasi dengan Anda terkait keanggotaan Anda pada panel survei milik RN; (ii) untuk berkomunikasi dengan Anda terkait partisipasi Anda dalam survei; (iii) untuk menyesuaikan kesempatan survei bagi Anda dan mengatur iklan yang ditampilkan kepada Anda di luar Aplikasi/Layanan demi memfasilitasi pengisian survei pengingat kembali pada iklan; (iv) untuk mengirimkan kepada Anda pemberitahuan kesempatan survei; (v) untuk mematuhi setiap dan seluruh kewajiban hukum, termasuk tanpa batasan, kewajiban pajak; (vi) untuk menata dan mengelola program hadiah dan insentif RN serta memenuhi permintaan hadiah dan insentif Anda; (vii) untuk memfasilitasi entri undian dan promosi RN Anda serta berkomunikasi dengan Anda terkait entri tersebut; (viii) untuk memperbarui arsip RN; (ix) untuk memenuhi setiap kewajiban atau persyaratan supresi data; (x) untuk tujuan deteksi dan/atau pencegahan pemalsuan; (xi) untuk menautkan perangkat dan/atau profil Anda ke informasi tambahan yang tersedia tentang Anda dan/atau perangkat Anda dari platform manajemen data (“DMP”); (xii) untuk memasarkan produk/layanan RN kepada Anda; (xiii) untuk memungkinkan pihak ketiga memasarkan produk/layanan mereka kepada Anda; (xiv) untuk memungkinkan RN atau pihak ketiga mengembangkan wawasan pemasaran dan/atau model/khalayak serupa; (xv) untuk mengesahkan informasi profil yang Anda berikan kepada kami; dan/atau (xvi) sebagaimana diizinkan berdasarkan Kebijakan ini atau sebagaimana yang Anda izinkan. RN dapat menggunakan informasi yang dikumpulkan dalam konteks Aplikasi/Layanan sehubungan dengan panel survei lainnya yang dilaksanakan oleh RN dan/atau sehubungan dengan Aktivitas Non-Riset. Dengan mempertimbangkan penautan data Aplikasi/Layanan dengan data DMP pihak ketiga, RN menggunakan data tersebut sendiri dan/atau mengizinkan klien RN dan/atau DMP sendiri untuk menggunakan data tersebut guna menyediakan kesempatan survei kepada Anda, mengukur efektivitas pengiklanan (sebagaimana dijelaskan secara lebih terperinci di bawah ini), mengelompokkan khalayak; merancang kampanye iklan dengan menggunakan kelompok “serupa” berdasarkan data hasil survei dan pihak ketiga; dan/atau untuk memasarkan produk/layanan pihak ketiga tersebut kepada Anda.
Penargetan Ulang. RN dapat melibatkan pihak ketiga atau para pihak ketiga dari waktu ke waktu untuk menampilkan iklan pada situs web SSI atau mengelola periklanan RN pada berbagai situs web lainnya (misalnya pada situs media sosial). Mitra pihak ketiga RN dapat menggunakan teknologi, seperti cookie atau elemen pengenal data. Termasuk, namun tidak terbatas pada IDFA atau ID Periklanan Anda untuk mengumpulkan informasi tentang kegiatan Anda pada situs web RN dan/atau pada berbagai situs web lainnya guna: (i) menampilkan iklan tentang RN dan layanannya kepada Anda dan/atau (ii) membantu RN dalam mengembangkan kampanye periklanan dan pemasaran yang dirancang untuk menyasar individu yang memiliki profil sosial dan demografis yang serupa dengan profil sosial dan demografis Anda. Apabila RN melakukan program penargetan ulang dan Anda tidak ingin berpartisipasi dalam program penargetan ulang ini, keluarlah melalui proses pilihan keluar cookie yang berlaku yang ditetapkan dalam Kebijakan Privasi ini atau dalam pemberitahuan cookie terpisah dari RN, dengan mengubah IDFA atau ID Periklanan Anda dan/atau dengan berhenti berlangganan iklan tersebut.
Wawasan Khalayak/Model Serupa. RN dan/atau pihak ketiga dapat menggunakan PII yang dikumpulkan dari Anda dan/atau dapat menautkan PII yang dikumpulkan dari Anda ke cookie pihak ketiga guna mengembangkan wawasan khalayak dan/atau model serupa sehubungan dengan kampanye periklanan.
Efektivitas Periklanan Online. Berkaitan dengan program efektivitas periklanan online RN, Anda dapat berpartisipasi dalam survei terkait iklan, promosi, konten, kampanye, dan/atau situs web yang tengah diuji RN untuk kliennya. Untuk memudahkan penyelesaian survei ini, klien RN dapat menuliskan, mengatur, atau membaca cookie, objek yang dibagikan/disimpan dalam komputer pengguna, cookie flash dan/atau teknologi terkait lainnya (secara terpisah “Teknologi Pihak Ketiga” dan secara bersama-sama “Sejumlah Teknologi Pihak Ketiga“). Sejumlah Teknologi Pihak Ketiga dapat ditulis, diatur, atau dibaca di berbagai lokasi, termasuk tanpa batasan, server atau sistem RN. Apabila Anda berpartisipasi, UID Anda akan disimpan dalam atau dihubungkan dengan Teknologi Pihak Ketiga agar Anda dapat dihubungi kembali berkaitan dengan iklan atau promosi online. Selain itu, klien RN akan menggunakan Teknologi Pihak Ketiga untuk menentukan apakah Anda telah melihat, mengklik, atau berinteraksi dengan iklan atau promosi online tersebut. Apabila Anda telah berinteraksi dengan iklan atau promosi online, klien RN akan mengirimkan UID Anda dan survei spesifik kepada RN. Kemudian, RN akan memberi Anda kesempatan untuk mengisi survei tersebut.
Data Pengukuran Khalayak. Selain penggunaan dan pembagian Data Pengukuran Khalayak (sebagaimana dijelaskan di bawah ini) sehubungan dengan riset efektivitas periklanan online yang telah dijelaskan di atas, RN dapat membagikan UID dan data Anda yang sebelumnya dikumpulkan oleh RN, termasuk tanpa batasan, usia, jenis kelamin, pendapatan, jumlah anggota keluarga, pendidikan/tingkat pendidikan, serta status pekerjaan, (“Data Pengukuran Khalayak“), kepada pihak ketiga, termasuk tanpa batasan, subkontraktor, mitra, dan/atau klien RN untuk tujuan pelaporan pengukuran khalayak mengenai konten, iklan, kampanye, dan situs web yang Anda kunjungi, lihat, dan/atau klik. Data Pengukuran Khalayak akan digunakan berkaitan dengan riset efektivitas periklanan online, dan untuk membantu pembuatan, pengembangan, maupun penerapan situs web, iklan online, dan fitur, fungsionalitas, serta kampanye Internet ataupun media digital lainnya. Data Pengukuran Khalayak tersebut dapat dibagikan dalam bentuk ringkasan tunggal (yakni level responden individu) atau bentuk ringkasan agregat (yakni, kelompok responden).
Bagaimana pengiklan/jaringan iklan menggunakan informasi saya?
Penggunaan informasi oleh mitra iklan.
Anda dapat menggunakan Aplikasi/Layanan untuk berpartisipasi dalam survei, termasuk tanpa batasan, survei terkait iklan dan promosi tertentu yang tengah diuji RN untuk klien bisnisnya. Anda dapat melihat iklan atau promosi ini di sejumlah tempat, termasuk tanpa batasan, aplikasi seluler non-RN (contohnya, dalam aplikasi permainan), yang mana setelahnya RN akan memberi Anda akses ke, atau menghubungi Anda untuk melengkapi, survei tentang iklan atau promosi yang Anda lihat. Untuk memfasilitasi penyelesaian survei mengenai iklan atau promosi, RN telah bermitra dengan perusahaan iklan yang menyediakan, mengukur, atau memfasilitasi iklan, termasuk tanpa batasan, dalam banyak aplikasi seluler lainnya. Aplikasi/Layanan tersebut menyediakan jaringan iklan ini dengan UID, yakni pengenal perangkat unik Anda, dan banyak atau seluruh jenis informasi lain yang dijelaskan dalam bagian “Informasi yang dikumpulkan dengan sarana otomatis” di atas (termasuk geo-lokasi Anda yang tengah berjalan, jika perangkat Anda mengizinkan pengumpulan geo-lokasi). Kemudian, ketika Anda menggunakan aplikasi seluler yang telah bermitra dengan salah satu perusahaan iklan, perusahaan iklan tersebut dapat menggunakan pengenal perangkat unik Anda atau informasi yang dikumpulkan secara otomatis lainnya guna mengenali perangkat Anda. Kemudian, perusahaan iklan dapat menunjukkan iklan atau promosi yang tengah diuji RN untuk salah satu klien bisnis kami kepada Anda. Lalu, perusahaan iklan dapat menginformasikan pada RN bahwa perangkat yang terhubung dengan UID Anda baru saja menerima iklan atau promosi, yang memungkinkan RN untuk memberi Anda akses ke atau untuk menghubungi Anda guna melengkapi survei terkait iklan atau promosi. Dengan persetujuan Anda, perusahaan iklan juga menggunakan informasi tentang perangkat Anda dan interaksi Anda dengan Aplikasi/Layanan dan aplikasi seluler lainnya yang telah mereka kumpulkan sebelumnya guna memberi Anda iklan lainnya dalam aplikasi yang telah disesuaikan dengan ketertarikan Anda ataupun demi tujuan lainnya. Untuk mempelajari lebih lanjut tentang sejumlah perusahaan iklan ini, termasuk cara memilih keluar, kunjungilah situs web berikut:
RN dapat menghubungi Anda untuk berpartisipasi dalam survei melalui pemberitahuan “otomatis (push)” atau SMS/pesan teks, jika Anda menyetujui secara tersurat untuk menerima komunikasi tersebut.
Selain itu, RN dan/atau agen atau vendornya, atas nama RN, akan mengirimkan komunikasi email kepada Anda terkait undangan survei, partisipasi survei, informasi hadiah atau insentif, permintaan dan penukaran hadiah, buletin, pemberitahuan yang perlu diberikan di sini atau diwajibkan oleh hukum, entri undian atau promosi, pemberitahuan pemenang undian atau promosi, dan sebagai tanggapan permintaan informasi dari Anda.
Pada saat Anda memberikan RN nomor telepon Anda, RN, kliennya, dan/atau Subkontraktornya juga dapat menghubungi Anda melalui telepon berkaitan dengan akun Anda, termasuk tanpa batasan: (i) survei yang telah atau tengah Anda ikuti; (ii) informasi hadiah atau insentif, permintaan dan penukaran hadiah; (iii) entri undian atau promosi dan pemenuhan hadiah; (iv) tanggapan permintaan informasi Anda; (v) pemberitahuan menurut Kebijakan Privasi ini; (vi) undangan dan/atau kesempatan survei tambahan; dan/atau (vii) pengesahan informasi profil yang telah Anda berikan kepada kami.
Apakah RN membagikan data pribadi dan informasi lainnya yang dikumpulkan melalui Aplikasi/Layanan SSI dengan pihak ketiga?
Sesuai dengan hukum yang berlaku, RN dapat mengungkapkan atau memindahkan data pribadi serta informasi lainnya yang dikumpulkan melalui Aplikasi/Layanan ke pihak ketiga sebagai berikut:
(i) Dengan persetujuan Anda;
(iii) Untuk menentukan, melakukan, atau mempertahankan gugatan hukum individu atau RN, termasuk untuk melindungi keselamatan individu atau melindungi hak dan/atau properti RN;
(iv) Antara berbagai panel RN jika Anda mendaftar di lebih dari satu panel RN;
(v) Bagi perusahaan induk, anak perusahaan, atau afiliasi RN: (1) Apabila terjadi reorganisasi atau restrukturisasi; atau (2) untuk penggunaan dan pemrosesan sesuai dengan Kebijakan ini atau sebagaimana diizinkan oleh Anda;
(vi) Kepada agen resmi dan/atau subkontraktor RN dan/atau klien RN, yang menyediakan layanan, termasuk tanpa batasan, layanan penambahan data, layanan validasi data, layanan deteksi dan/atau pencegahan pemalsuan, layanan penyesuaian basis data, layanan pengkodean, dan hadiah, insentif, serta layanan terkait undian;
(vii) Kepada klien dalam riset pasar terbatas terkait penggunaan, termasuk tanpa batasan, pemodelan, validasi, penambahan data, segmentasi basis data, dan penukaran, pemenuhan, dan/atau entri hadiah, insentif, atau undian;
(viii) Terkait perubahan kepemilikan atau kendali, termasuk tanpa batasan, merger atau akuisisi segala atau seluruh aset bisnis RN, dengan ketentuan bahwa pihak yang menerima atau mendapatkan data pribadi setuju untuk menggunakan, melindungi, dan menjaga keamanan, integritas, dan kerahasiaan data pribadi sesuai dengan Kebijakan ini;
(ix) kepada klien atau pelanggan klien tersebut bilamana RN atau pihak ketiga meyakini bahwa Anda telah atau mungkin melanggar hak kekayaan intelektual dari pihak ketiga;
(x) kepada klien atau pelanggan klien tersebut bilamana RN atau pihak ketiga meyakini bahwa Anda telah melanggar Ketentuan Layanan;
(xi) kepada pihak ketiga yang memasukkan klien riset RN dan pihak ketiga yang terlibat dalam Kegiatan Non-Riset untuk memungkinkan pihak ketiga tersebut mengembangkan kampanye pemasaran, wawasan khalayak, model serupa, dan/atau untuk memasarkan produk/layanan pihak ketiga tersebut kepada Anda; dan
(xii) Hal lain yang diizinkan berdasarkan Kebijakan ini.
Selain hal yang disebutkan di atas, jika Anda mendaftar melalui pihak ketiga dengan siapa RN memiliki hubungan kontrak dan/atau dari email yang dikirimkan dari perusahaan pihak ketiga yang meminta Anda untuk bergabung dengan Aplikasi/Layanan kami (secara bersama-sama “Mitra Program”), RN dapat membagikan informasi pendaftaran tertentu dengan Mitra Program yang mengundang Anda ke program tersebut, yang dapat meliputi nama lengkap, kode pos, dan alamat email Anda. Anda menyetujui agar Mitra Program kami dapat mengumpulkan, menggunakan, dan mengungkapkan informasi tersebut sesuai dengan kebijakan privasi mereka. Harap diingat bahwa RN tidak akan bertanggung jawab dan tidak memikul tanggung jawab atas tindakan Mitra Program kami mengenai informasi Anda atau atas setiap praktik privasi Mitra Program ketika Anda berhubungan secara langsung dengan mereka.
Perlu diketahui, RN mungkin mengizinkan klien untuk mengumpulkan PII secara langsung dari responden. Pengungkapan bersifat sukarela dan, sebelum pengumpulan, klien harus menandatangani perjanjian tertulis dengan RN, yang, antara lain, membatasi penggunaan PII.
RN dapat memberikan lisensi atas PII tertentu kepada pihak ketiga (misalnya pialang data, penghimpun data, dan lain-lain) untuk Tujuan Non-Riset mereka sendiri, termasuk tanpa batasan, pemberian lisensi atas data tingkat individu dan/atau tingkat keseluruhan (misalnya kegiatan pembelian atau penggunaan produk dan/atau layanan, aktivitas media sosial, data kunjungan situs web, riwayat pencarian internet, dan lain-lain) untuk pengembangan wawasan khalayak dan/atau model serupa, demi tujuan penjualan data tersebut kepada klien/pelanggan pihak ketiga untuk keperluan menjalankan analitis dan memberikan inteligensi pemasaran, dan/atau untuk memungkinkan pihak ketiga memasarkan produk/layanannya kepada Anda.
Selain itu, UID-UID dan informasi yang dikumpulkan melalui sarana otomatis disediakan kepada pihak ketiga, termasuk tanpa batasan, klien, mitra, agen, dan/atau vendor demi tujuan mengenali responden untuk melakukan kontak ulang survei atau komunikasi, deteksi dan/atau pencegahan pemalsuan, pencocokan basis data, validasi data, penambahan data, pengkodean, segmentasi data, serta hadiah, insentif, dan/atau undian atau layanan terkait promosi.
Terkait dengan data survei Anda, RN atau klien mungkin menghubungkan keadaan demografis tertentu dengan Anda. RN mungkin membagikan kepada pihak ketiga, termasuk namun tidak terbatas pada data klien, geografis, dan/atau demografis yang dikumpulkan RN dari Anda selama pendaftaran, atau melalui pertanyaan profil tertentu yang mungkin diajukan RN kepada Anda. Data tersebut dapat dibagikan dengan pihak ketiga dalam tingkat responden individu atau formulir ringkasan agregat (yakni, sekelompok responden). Apabila Anda secara sukarela mengungkapkan data pribadi berkaitan dengan tanggapan dan data survei Anda, serta RN mengumpulkan data dan tanggapan survei, RN akan mengalihkan data dan tanggapan survei, UID, dan data pribadi yang diungkapkan secara sukarela kepada klien RN terkait.
Bagaimana saya dapat menolak pengumpulan dan/atau penggunaan data tertentu?
Terdapat beberapa pilihan keluar bagi pengguna Aplikasi/Layanan ini.
Anda dapat menghentikan seluruh pengumpulan data pribadi dan informasi lain oleh Aplikasi/Layanan dengan menghapus Aplikasi/Layanan dan/atau menghentikan keikutsertaan Anda dalam panel. Anda dapat menggunakan proses penghapusan standar yang tersedia sebagian dari perangkat seluler Anda atau melalui pasar aplikasi atau jaringan seluler dan/atau Anda dapat membatalkan akun panelis Anda pada Situs panel. Perlu diketahui bahwa jika Anda menghapus Aplikasi/Layanan namun tetap menjaga profil dengan salah satu situs web RN, kami mungkin tetap mengumpulkan data pribadi dan data lain Anda dari situs kami. Menghapus Aplikasi/Layanan tidak akan menghapus seluruh informasi yang dikumpulkan oleh RN sebelum menghapus Aplikasi/Layanan. Untuk menghapus semua informasi yang dikumpulkan oleh RN, hubungilah RN seperti yang ditetapkan di bawah ini.
Enam bulan setelah dihentikannya akun Anda, ketiadaan aktivitas dalam akun Anda, dan/atau tanggal sejak Anda menghapus Aplikasi/Layanan, RN mungkin mengalihkan PII Anda ke pialang data pihak ketiga dan/atau platform manajemen data demi tujuan penjualan kembali/penggunaan kembali oleh pihak ketiga tersebut. Apabila Anda tidak ingin PII Anda digunakan untuk Kegiatan Non-Riset dan/atau jika Anda tidak setuju dengan langkah RN dalam membagikan PII Anda kepada pihak ketiga setelah penghentian akun Anda dan/atau penghapusan Aplikasi/Layanan dari perangkat Anda, hubungilah kami di  privacy@surveysampling.com
Keluar dari data lokasi untuk pengguna iOS
Anda dapat sewaktu-waktu memilih untuk menonaktifkan fitur akses data lokasi pada Aplikasi/Layanan dengan:
• Menyentuh atau memilih ikon pengaturan pada perangkat;
• Setelah masuk ke ikon pengaturan, sentuh atau pilih Layanan Lokasi; dan
• Setelah masuk ke Layanan Lokasi, Anda dapat menggunakan penggeser individu Aplikasi/Layanan untuk menonaktifkan layanan lokasi.
Catatan: Apabila Anda menonaktifkan Layanan Lokasi, Anda akan diminta mengaktifkan Layanan Lokasi setiap kali Aplikasi/Layanan mencoba menggunakan fitur ini.
Keluar dari data lokasi untuk pengguna Android
Anda dapat sewaktu-waktu memilih untuk menonaktifkan fitur akses data lokasi pada Aplikasi/Layanan dengan:
• Menyentuh tombol TENTANG pada bagian kanan atas bar navigasi
• Setelah masuk ke kotak dialog TENTANG, Anda dapat mengubah opsi hidupkan/matikan Layanan Lokasi melalui tombol berlabel: “Akses ke lokasi saya”
Keluar dari pemberitahuan otomatis (push notifications) untuk pengguna iOS
Anda dapat memilih untuk menonaktifkan pemberitahuan otomatis (push notification) Aplikasi/Layanan dengan:
• Menyentuh atau memilih ikon pengaturan pada perangkat;
• Setelah masuk ke ikon pengaturan, sentuh atau pilih pemberitahuan;
• Apabila pemberitahuan otomatis (push notification) telah diaktifkan, akan terdapat daftar ikon. Sentuh atau pilih ikon Aplikasi/Layanan; dan
• Dari tampilan ini, Anda dapat mengubah pengaturan pemberitahuan otomatis (push notification) Aplikasi/Layanan.
Keluar dari pemberitahuan otomatis (push notification) untuk pengguna Android
• Anda dapat memilih untuk menonaktifkan pemberitahuan otomatis (push notification) Aplikasi/Layanan dengan:
• Akses Pengaturan pada perangkat.
• Dari menu Aplikasi, temukan aplikasi terkait (QuickThoughts atau iPoll), dan pilih.
• Temukan kotak centang berlabel “Tampilkan pemberitahuan”, lalu ubah sesuai preferensi Anda.
Menolak komunikasi email
Anda dapat menolak komunikasi email dengan mengklik tautan berhenti berlangganan dalam setiap email yang Anda terima dari kami atau menghubungi kami seperti yang ditetapkan di bawah ini.
Menonaktifkan pembagian data profil di platform media sosial
Anda dapat menolak membagikan data profil platform media sosial dengan mengubah pengaturan preferensi/profil dengan platform media sosial mengenai pembagian data dengan pihak ketiga atau menghapus Aplikasi/Layanan ini dari profil media sosial Anda.
Menonaktifkan pengidentifikasi periklanan yang dipasang pada ponsel/perangkat Anda
Anda dapat mengubah pengidentifikasi periklanan yang terpasang di perangkat Anda kapan saja.
Menolak jaringan iklan
Jaringan iklan yang mengumpulkan informasi melalui Aplikasi/Layanan yang digunakan untuk memfasilitasi survei dan memberikan periklanan berdasarkan ketertarikan menawarkan sejumlah mekanisme keluar tertentu. Untuk keluar, ikuti petunjuk masing-masing jaringan iklan pada tautan yang disediakan di bawah ini. Apabila Anda keluar, Anda tidak akan dapat berpartisipasi dalam survei kami tentang iklan dan promosi.
Jaringan iklan
Informasi keluar
Dapatkah saya menghentikan RN yang melacak kegiatan online saya?
Jangan Lacak (Do Not Track) (“DNT“) adalah preferensi yang dapat Anda atur untuk memberi tahu situs web yang Anda kunjungi bahwa Anda tidak ingin situs web tersebut mengumpulkan informasi tertentu tentang Anda. RN tidak merespons sinyal DNT. Apabila Anda keberatan dengan praktik RN mengenai sinyal DNT, Anda boleh keluar dari keikutsertaan atau menghentikan penggunaan layanan RN seperti yang dijelaskan di bawah ini.
Berkenaan dengan program efektivitas iklan online RN, RN mengizinkan para subkontraktor RN, mitra, dan/atau kliennya untuk memberikan, menetapkan, dan/atau menuliskan Teknologi Pihak Ketiga untuk tujuan memfasilitasi pengukuran khalayak dan kegiatan survei pengingat kembali pada iklan. RN tidak bertanggung jawab atas kepatuhan pihak ketiga atau tanggapan terhadap sinyal DNT. Untuk mempelajari lebih jauh program efektivitas iklan online RN, tinjaulah bagian Cookie dari Kebijakan Privasi ini.
Berapa lama Anda menyimpan data pribadi saya dan informasi lainnya?
RN akan menyimpan data pribadi dan informasi lainnya yang berkaitan dengan penggunaan Aplikasi/Layanan dan/atau Layanan selama Anda memasang Aplikasi dan/atau menggunakan Aplikasi/Layanan ini dan hingga (1) tahun setelahnya atau periode lain sebagaimana diharuskan atau diizinkan oleh hukum. Enam bulan setelah ketidakaktifan Anda pada Situs panel dan/atau penghapusan Aplikasi/Layanan, RN dapat mentransfer PII kepada pialang data pihak ketiga dan/atau platform manajemen data untuk keperluan penjualan/penggunaan kembali oleh pihak ketiga tersebut.
Bagaimana saya dapat mengakses data pribadi dan informasi lain yang telah dikumpulkan oleh Aplikasi/Layanan ini mengenai saya?
Anda berhak meninjau, memperbaiki, dan menghapus data pribadi Anda sesuai dengan hukum yang berlaku. Sehubungan dengan permintaan tersebut, Anda dapat menghubungi kami menggunakan perincian kontak yang tersedia di bawah ini.
Apakah Aplikasi/Layanan ini mengumpulkan data dari anak di bawah umur di bawah delapan belas (18) tahun?
Aplikasi/Layanan ini tidak dirancang untuk, atau dimaksudkan untuk digunakan oleh, setiap individu yang berusia kurang dari delapan belas (18) tahun. Kami tidak akan mengumpulkan data pribadi anak di bawah usia delapan belas (18) tahun secara sengaja, dan jika kami menyadari bahwa kami tidak sengaja mengumpulkan data pribadi dari anak di bawah usia delapan belas (18) tahun, kami akan melakukan upaya dengan biaya wajar untuk menghapus data pribadi tersebut.
Jaminan apa yang tersedia bagi data pribadi dan informasi lain yang dikumpulkan melalui Aplikasi/Layanan ini?
RN menjaga pengamanan teknis, administratif, dan fisik yang sesuai untuk melindungi data pribadi dan informasi lainnya yang diungkapkan atau dikumpulkan oleh RN. RN meninjau, memantau, serta mengevaluasi praktik dan sistem perlindungan privasinya secara berkala. Meskipun kami mengimplementasikan pengamanan, transmisi melalui Internet dan/atau jaringan seluler tidak sepenuhnya aman dan RN tidak menjamin keamanan transmisi tersebut. RN tidak bertanggung jawab atas segala kesalahan yang dilakukan seseorang dalam mengumpulkan data pribadinya ke RN.
Siapa yang dapat saya hubungi untuk mengajukan pertanyaan tentang Kebijakan ini?
Apabila Anda ingin:
– menyampaikan permintaan keluar kepada RN;
– meminta akses ke, atau memperbaiki, memblokir, atau menghapus data pribadi Anda;
– mengajukan keluhan mengenai praktik privasi kami;
– keluar dari penggunaan PII tertentu Anda;
atau mengajukan pertanyaan seputar praktik privasi RN dan/atau Kebijakan ini, hubungilah kami melalui email di privacy@surveysampling.com
Departemen Hukum RN bertanggung jawab atas kepatuhan RN pada Kebijakan Privasi ini.
Adakah perusahaan dalam RN Group yang mungkin mengumpulkan, menyimpan, dan memproses PII?
Ya, lihatlah daftar perusahaan berikut:
Perusahaan
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
Survey Sampling RO S.R.L.  – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
Mountain West Research Center L.C.
 
개인정보 보호정책
다음은 Research Now Group, Inc. 주민을 위한 대한민국 Research Now Group Limited(등록 사업장 소재지: 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF)와 Survey Sampling International, LLC 전 계열사(아래에 전체 목록이 나와 있음)를 포함한 Research Now Group 법인 전체 구성원(“RN”이라 통칭)을 대신한 RN 정책입니다. 위의 전 세계 모든 법인은 본 정책에 따라 수집된 개인정보에 접근할 권한이 있으며 미국을 포함하여 귀하의 거주 국가 이외 지역에서 상기 데이터에 접근 및/또는 데이터를 저장할 수 있습니다.
최초 발효일: 2000년 2월 24일
이 버전: 2018년 5월 7일부터 발효
다음에 RN이 제공하는 RN 온라인 패널 커뮤니티, 웹사이트 및/또는 모바일 애플리케이션(“애플리케이션/서비스”로 통칭)을 위한 개인정보보호 정책이 나와 있습니다.
본 개인정보보호 정책은 본 문서에 정의된 RN 서비스와 연계하여 RN에 의한 개인 데이터 또는 개인식별정보(“PII”) 및 기타 정보와 본 문서에 정의된 제3자 활동(“비연구 활동”)의 수집, 이용 및 공개에 대해 기술합니다. RN 서비스는 패널 참가,(패널 회원 또는 비패널 회원에 관계 없이) RN 또는 제3자가 실시하는 설문조사 참여, 패널과 관련된 웹사이트 이용, 패널과 관련된 애플리케이션/서비스 이용 그리고 패널 회원 가입 및/또는 설문조사 완료 시에 제공되는 경품행사 응모자격을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 리워드 및 인센티브 수령 및 환급의 기회(총칭하여 “서비스”)를 제공합니다. 비연구 활동은 귀하에게 제공하는 RN 서비스에 대한 RN의 홍보 및/또는 귀하에게 제공하는 제3자 서비스에 대한 제3자 마케팅 및/또는 마케팅 대상 및/또는 홍보 대상 인식/유사 모델을 개발하기 위해 제3자와 개별 및/또는 통합 프로필의 데이터 공유를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않습니다. 비연구 활동은 본 개인정보보호 정책에 좀 더 자세히 설명되어 있습니다.
귀하의 RN 애플리케이션/서비스 이용은 전적으로 자유 의사에 따릅니다. 이에 따라 해당 애플리케이션/서비스와 비연구 활동 그리고 본 개인정보보호 정책과 관련하여 귀하의 PII를 처리함은 귀하의 동의에 따른 것입니다.
제3자가 실시하는 설문조사와 그와 관련하여 수집하는 데이터에는 본 개인정보보호 정책에 적용되지 않습니다. RN 서비스에의 등록, 이용 및 접근은 RN의 약관을 따릅니다. 대부분의 경우, RN이 설문조사의 의뢰자가 아니며 설문조사 도구, 설문조사 결과 또는 설문조사 데이터는 설문조사 의뢰자가 소유하며 향후에도 소유할 것입니다.
본 개인정보보호 정책 내에서 “RN”에 대한 모든 지칭은 RN 및 그 모기업, 자회사, 계열사를 포함합니다. “본사” 또는 “저희”는 모두 RN을 지칭합니다. 모든 PII는 RN 서버가 위치하고 있으며 RN 직원 및/또는 대리인이 전 세계에서 접근할 수 있는 미국 소재 서버에 보관합니다. 본 정책의 목적에 따라 응답자는 수동적인 데이터 수집 및/또는 본 문서에 설명된 비연구 활동을 포함하여 RN 서비스에 참여하는 모든 개인을 의미합니다. 본 정책의 목적에 따라 온라인은 모바일 웹 브라우징을 포함합니다.
애플리케이션/서비스가 수집하는 개인정보 및 기타 정보는 무엇이며, 어떻게 사용됩니까?
RN은 설문조사에 참여하는 동안 그리고 리워드 및 인센티브의 수령 및 환급과 관련하여 및/또는 애플리케이션/서비스 등록 및 다운로드 과정 동안을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 패널 등록 중에 그리고 그 후에 연구 참가자로부터 개인식별정보(“PII”)를 수집합니다. 귀하는 이름, 주소, 전화번호(집, 휴대폰 및/또는 사무실 전화번호 포함), 이메일 주소, 생년월일 및 직업/교육, 계정 생성 시 할당된 고유한 패널 회원/응답자 식별 번호(개별적으로 “UID” 그리고 총칭하여 “UID”) 그리고 인종 및 성별 정보를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 특정 PII 및 인구통계 정보를 제공하도록 요청받게 됩니다. 상기의 PII 수집에 더하여 등록 절차 시와 그 이후에 귀하가 민감한 데이터를 자발적으로 제공 또는 공개하도록 요청받을 수 있습니다. “민감한 데이터”는 건강 및 의학적 상태, 성적 취향 또는 성생활, 정치적 견해, 인종, 종교 및 철학적 신념, 노동조합 가입을 공개하거나 밝히는 PII를 뜻합니다. 민감한 데이터는 본 개인정보보호 정책에 기술된 바에 따라 귀하를 설문조사 기회의 대상으로 정하기 위해 사용됩니다.
RN은 설문조사 참여 전과 참여하는 동안 비패널 회원으로부터 PII, 민감한 데이터 및 인구통계 정보를 수집합니다.
RN은 그 고객사 및/또는 그 광고 파트너와 귀하의 동의 하에 장치의 IDFA 또는 광고 ID 및 애플리케이션/서비스와의 상호작용을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 귀하의 장치에 대한 정보를 공유합니다. RN, 그 고객사 및/또는 광고 파트너는 RN 설문조사의 원활한 진행을 위해, 귀하에게 RN 제품 및 서비스를 홍보하기 위해, 관계없는 관심 기반 광고를 위해, 귀하의 장치를 제3자 데이터 관리 플랫폼과 데이터 제공자/중개인에서 사용할 수 있는 귀하 및/또는 귀하의 장치에 대한 추가 데이터에 연결하기 위해 및/또는 귀하 본인 및/또는 귀하의 장치에 대해 귀하가 제공하는 특정 정보의 유효성을 검사하기 위해 이 정보를 사용할 수 있습니다. 여기를 클릭하면 나중에 참여 거부(옵트아웃)하는 방법을 포함하여 당사 광고 파트너에 대한 자세한 정보를 확인할 수 있습니다.
귀하가 제출하는 추가 정보.
귀하는 사진, 비디오 및/또는 기타 유사하거나 관련 있는 귀하의 PII(“사용자 콘텐츠”)를 포함할 수 있는 콘텐츠나 자료를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 다양한 자료를 설문조사 완료 시 제출, 업로드 또는 전송할 수 있습니다. 사용자 콘텐츠에 포함된 PII는 본 개인정보보호 정책에 기술된 바에 따라 수집, 사용 및 공개됩니다. 사용자 콘텐츠에는 귀하 이외의 다른 사람의 오디오, 비디오, 이미지 또는 이와 유사한 것들이 포함되어서는 안 됩니다.
자동 방식으로 수집된 정보:
애플리케이션/서비스는 장치 운영체제, 장치에 설치된 다른 애플리케이션, IP 주소, 장치 네트워크 제공자, 장치 유형, 표준시간대, 네트워크 상태, 브라우저 유형, 브라우저 식별자, 고유한 장치 식별 번호(예: 분석 또는 광고를 위한 식별자), 네트워크 제공자 사용자 ID(귀하의 네트워크 제공자가 할당한 고유 번호), 미디어 접근 제어(MAC) 주소, 국제 이동단말기 식별 번호(IMEI), 위치 및 귀하의 장치를 식별하기 위해 단독 또는 복합적으로 사용할 수 있는 기타 정보를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 귀하의 장치 및 장치 기능에 대한 정보와 같은 특정 정보도 수집합니다. 다음은 본 정보 및 이를 수집하는 기술에 대한 구체적 예시입니다.
지리적 위치 정보. 애플리케이션/서비스는 귀하의 모바일 장치로부터 지리적 위치 정보를 얻기 위해 귀하의 허락을 구할 것이며 이러한 지리적 위치 정보는 애플리케이션/서비스의 오픈 여부와 상관없이 애플리케이션/서비스에 의해 언제든지 제공될 수 있습니다. 귀하가 아래의 “RN의 정보 사용”에 기술된 사용과 더불어 귀하의 지리적 위치 데이터를 공유하는 것에 동의하면, RN은 귀하의 위치 정보를 사용하여 귀하에게 위치 기반 설문조사 및 시장 연구에 참여할 수 있는 옵션을 제공하고 또는 애플리케이션/서비스 참가자의 특정 위치 및/또는 트래픽 패턴을 입증하기 위해 이러한 지리적 위치 데이터를 제3자 고객사와 공유할 수 있습니다. 이 외에도, RN은 귀하의 위치 주변의 상점이나 레스토랑과 같은 상업 업체의 주소를 파악하기 위한 목적으로 귀하의 지리적 위치 정보를 제3자 공급업체와 공유할 수 있습니다. 이러한 공급업체에 대한 자세한 정보를 보려면 http://www.placed.com 웹사이트를 방문하십시오. 위치 기반 광고를 목적으로 하는 공급업체의 이러한 정보의 사용을 비롯하여 업체가 제공하는 서비스에 대한 설명과 지리적 위치 정보의 사용 방법을 확인할 수 있습니다.
지리적 위치 정보는 또한 광고 네트워크가 귀하에게 위치 기반 광고를 제공하기 위한 용도로도 이용될 수 있습니다. 광고 네트워크의 데이터 이용 및 참여 거부 방법 등은 아래에 자세히 설명되어 있습니다.
귀하의 장치를 통해 지리적 위치 정보를 더이상 공유하는 것을 원치 않는 경우, 귀하의 장치에서 해당 애플리케이션/서비스의 개인정보보호 설정을 변경하십시오.
애플리케이션/서비스 및 기능. RN은 애플리케이션/서비스 및 서비스와 관련된 용도로 귀하의 장치에서 또는 장치를 통해 사용할 수 있는 특정 애플리케이션 및/또는 기능에 대한 접근 권한을 요청할 수 있습니다. 푸시 알림 또는 기타 알림을 통해 접근 요청을 하게 되며, 귀하의 동의가 있어야만 접근이 가능할 것입니다. 동의를 하여도 그 후에 귀하의 장치 설정을 변경하여 참여 거부를 할 수 있습니다.
소셜 미디어 정보. 귀하는 제3자 소셜 미디어 플랫폼을 통해 애플리케이션/서비스에 접근할 수 있는 기회를 제공받을 수 있습니다. 귀하가 이러한 옵션을 선택할 경우 RN이 귀하의 소셜 미디어 플랫폼 계정에 저장된 특정 프로필 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다.
쿠키 및 유사 기술. 쿠키란 장치에 특정 데이터를 저장하는 작은 파일입니다. 세션 쿠키는 귀하가 브라우저를 닫을 때 만료됩니다. 영구 쿠키는 삭제될 때까지 또는 정해진 만료일까지 귀하의 장치에 무기한 유지됩니다. 귀하는 브라우저에서 쿠키 수신 알림 설정을 할 수 있습니다. 시청률 측정 데이터(아래에서 정의)와 같은 추가 지리적 및 인구통계 정보는 제3자와 공유할 수 있으며 귀하의 장치에 설치된 쿠키와 관련이 있을 수 있습니다.
당사와 제3자의 쿠키 및 기타 유사 또는 관련 기술 및 장치 식별자(예: IDFA, AAID 등)는 설문조사 경험 개선, 품질 관리, 유효성 검사를 위해, 설문조사 참여 활성 또는 촉진, 완료된 설문조사 또는 기타 완료된 작업의 추적, 사기 탐지 및/또는 예방, 온라인 광고 효과 연구, 웹사이트 추적 및 시청률 측정, 마케팅 캠페인과 관련된 홍보 대상 인식 및/또는 유사 모델을 개발하기 위해 그리고 관련법이 요구하는 경우 귀하의 동의에 따라 광고 및 기타 콘텐츠에 적합한 개인을 타겟팅하기 위한 목적을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 여러 가지 목적으로 배치, 기술, 설정 및/또는 읽혀집니다. 단, 특정 쿠키 및/또는 유사 또는 관련 기술과 관련된 쿠키를 허용하지 않으면, 해당 애플리케이션/서비스를 사용할 수 없습니다.
쿠키에 대한 자세한 정보는 아래에 설명되어 있습니다.
필수
PHPSESSID
Google Analytics
공급업체 쿠키 만료 목적 옵트아웃 링크
Accordant
90일
옵트아웃
Semasio
180일
옵트아웃
Lotame
90일
각기 다른 홍보 대상이 비디오 콘텐츠를 소비하는 방식을 보다 잘 이해하기 위한 비디오 콘텐츠 참여도 측정.
옵트아웃
MediaMath
396일
옵트아웃
Nativo
365일
옵트아웃
GWI
온라인 광고 효과, 웹사이트 방문 추적, 온라인 유사 집단 및 홍보 대상 인식 개발
옵트아웃
HotTraffic/DMAi
온라인 광고 효과, 웹사이트 방문 추적, 온라인 유사 집단 및 홍보 대상 인식 개발
옵트아웃
InsightExpress
옵트아웃
Publicis
온라인 광고 효과, 웹사이트 방문 추적, 온라인 유사 집단 및 홍보 대상 인식 개발
옵트아웃
Sizmek
옵트아웃
로그 파일. 이 애플리케이션/서비스는 로그 파일 내의 IP 주소, 브라우저 유형, 인터넷 서비스 제공자, 참조/종료 페이지, 운영 체제, 날짜/시간 스탬프 및 클릭 스트림 데이터를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 귀하의 웹 브라우저에서 사용 가능한 데이터를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 특정 정보를 자동으로 수집 및 저장할 수 있습니다.
디지털 지문. 일반적으로 디지털 지문은 장치의 기술 설정, 특징 및 IP 주소에 기반하여 귀하의 장치에 고유한 식별자를 할당합니다. RN은 품질 관리와 검증을 위해, 중복 또는 사기성 응답자 식별을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 사기 탐지 및/또는 예방을 위해 디지털 지문 기술을 이용합니다. RN은 해당법이 요구하는 경우 귀하의 동의에 따라 직접 또는 제3자 공급업체를 통해 디지털 지문을 구현하고 이용할 수 있습니다.
워터마킹. 일반적으로 워터마킹은 귀하의 장치가 애플리케이션/서비스 또는 서비스에 등록 또는 접속하는 데 사용된 적이 있는지 식별하기 위해 해당 장치에 기술 또는 파일을 설치하는 것을 포함합니다. 워터마킹은 품질 관리 및 검증, 사기 탐지 및/또는 예방 목적에 사용됩니다. RN은 해당법이 요구하는 경우 귀하의 동의에 따라 직접 또는 제3자 공급업체를 통해 워터마킹 활동에 관여할 수 있습니다. 경우에 따라, 당사는 본 개인정보보호 정책에 설명된 목적으로 여러 플랫폼에서 또는 스마트폰, 컴퓨터, 태블릿 또는 관련 브라우저와 같은 다양한 장치에서 사용자(또는 가구)를 인식하기 위해 기타 정보와 함께 자동 방식으로 수집한 정보를 사용할 수 있습니다.
제3자로부터 수집한 정보
RN은 데이터 관리 플랫폼, 광고 네트워크, 정보 대행업체, 기타 샘플 공급자 및/또는 소셜 미디어 플랫폼을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 제3자로부터 PII, 행동 및/또는 인구통계 정보를 수집할 수 있습니다. RN은 이러한 제3자로부터 받은 PII, 행동 및/또는 인구통계 정보를 데이터 유효성 검사, 데이터 첨부, 마케팅 대상 인식 및 비슷한 모델 개발, 사기 감지 목적 및/또는 설문조사 참여 및/또는 패널 가입에 초대하는 일회성 이메일 전송을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 다양한 목적으로 사용할 수 있습니다. 또한 지리적 위치 기능을 이용하여 귀하가 방문할 수 있는 소매점 및 기타 영리 목적의 기업과 관련된 정보를 포함하는 지리적 위치 정보가 귀하의 지리적 위치 서비스 참여 선택에 따라 귀하의 패널 프로필 상에 추가 및/또는 RN의 고객사와 공유될 수 있습니다.
RN은 수집한 정보를 어떻게 이용합니까?
RN의 정보 이용:
상기에 명시된 목적 외에도 RN은 애플리케이션/서비스를 통해 수집된 개인정보를 다음과 같은 목적으로 사용합니다. (i) RN 소유의 설문조사 패널에 대한 회원 자격과 관련하여 귀하와 연락하기 위해; (ii) 귀하의 설문조사 참여와 관련하여 귀하와 연락하기 위해; (iii) 광고 리콜 설문조사의 진행을 원활하게 완료하기 위한 목적으로 귀하에게 맞춤 설문조사 기회를 제공하고 애플리케이션/서비스 외부에서 귀하에게 표시될 광고를 마련하기 위해; (iv) 설문조사 기회 알림 통지를 전송하기 위해; (v) 세금 의무를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 일체의 모든 법적 의무를 준수하기 위해; (vi) RN의 리워드 및 인센티브 프로그램을 운영 및 관리하고 귀하의 리워드 및 인센티브 요청을 이행하기 위해; (vii) 귀하가 RN의 경품행사 및 프로모션에 원활하게 참여하도록 하고 이와 관련하여 연락하기 위해; (viii) RN의 기록을 업데이트하기 위해; (ix) 일체의 데이터 억제 의무 또는 요건을 준수하기 위해; (x) 사기를 감지 및/또는 예방하기 위해; (xi) 귀하의 장치 및/또는 프로필을 제3자 데이터 관리 플랫폼(“DMP”)에서 사용할 수 있는 귀하 및/또는 귀하의 장치에 대한 추가 데이터에 연결하기 위해; (xii) 귀하에게 RN 제품/서비스를 홍보하기 위해; (xiii) 제3자가 귀하에게 제3자 제품/서비스를 홍보할 수 있도록 하기 위해; (xiv) RN 또는 제3자가 마케팅 대상 및/또는 홍보 대상 인식/유사 모델을 개발할 수 있도록 하기 위해; (xv) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 프로필 정보의 유효성을 검사하기 위해; 및/또는 (xvi) 본 정책에 따라 허용되거나 귀하가 허가한 목적으로 이용됩니다. RN은 RN이 관리하는 기타 설문조사 패널과 연계하여 및/또는 비연구 활동과 연계하여 이 애플리케이션/서비스에 대해 수집된 정보를 사용할 수 있습니다. RN은 애플리케이션/서비스 데이터를 제3자 DMP 데이터에 연결하는 것과 관련하여 이러한 데이터 자체를 이용하고 또는 RN의 고객사 및/또는 DMP 자체가 이러한 데이터를 이용하도록, 설문조사 및 제3자 데이터에 기반한 “유사” 집단 그룹을 이용하는 공고 캠페인을 설계하도록 및/또는 이러한 제3자의 제품/서비스를 귀하에게 홍보하도록 허용하여 귀하에게 설문조사 기회를 제공하고, 광고 효과(아래에 자세히 설명됨)를 측정하고, 홍보 대상을 구분합니다.
리타겟팅. RN은 때때로 RN 웹사이트에 광고를 표시하거나 다른 웹사이트(예: 소셜 미디어 사이트)에서 RN 광고를 관리하기 위해 제3자를 고용할 수 있습니다. RN의 제3자 파트너는 다음과 같은 목적으로 RN의 웹사이트 및/또는 다른 웹사이트에서 귀하가 활동한 정보를 수집하기 위해 귀하의 IDFA 또는 광고 ID를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 쿠키와 같은 또는 데이터 요소를 식별하는 기술을 사용할 수 있습니다: (i) RN 및 그 서비스에 관한 광고를 귀하에게 제공 및/또는 (ii) 귀하의 소셜 및 인구통계 프로필과 유사한 소셜 및 인구통계 프로필을 가진 개인을 표적으로 하는 마케팅 및 광고 관련하여 RN울 지원. RN이 리타겟팅 프로그램을 수행하고 있지만 귀하가 이 리타겟팅 프로그램에 참여하고 싶지 않은 경우에는 본 개인정보보호 정책 또는 RN의 별도 쿠키 통지에 명시된 해당 쿠키 옵트아웃 프로세스를 통해 귀하의 IDFA 또는 광고 ID를 수정하여 및/또는 광고 자체 내에서 가입 취소하여 참여를 거부하십시오.
홍보 대상 인식/유사 모델. RN 및/또는 제3자는 귀하로부터 수집된 PII를 사용할 수 있으며 또는 마케팅 캠페인과 관련하여 홍보 대상 인식 및/또는 유사 모델을 개발할 수 있도록 귀하로부터 수집된 PII를 제3자 쿠키에 연결할 수 있습니다.
온라인 광고 효과. RN의 온라인 광고 효과 프로그램과 관련하여 귀하는 RN이 고객사를 위해 테스트하고 있는 광고, 프로모션, 콘텐츠, 캠페인 및/또는 웹사이트와 관련된 설문조사에 참여할 수 있습니다. 이러한 설문조사의 완료를 촉진하기 위해 RN의 고객이 쿠키, 로컬 공유/저장 개체, 플래시 쿠키 및/또는 기타 관련 기술(각각 “제3자 기술” 및 총칭하여 “제3자 기술들”)을 쓰거나 설정하거나 읽을 수 있습니다. 제3자 기술들은 RN 서버 또는 시스템을 포함하되 이에 국한되지 않는 다양한 위치에 쓰여지거나 설정되거나 읽을 수 있습니다. 귀하가 참여할 경우, 온라인 광고 또는 홍보에 관해 귀하에게 다시 연락할 수 있도록 귀하의 UID를 제3자 기술에 저장하거나 연계시키고, RN의 고객이 제3자 기술을 이용하여 귀하가 해당 온라인 광고 또는 홍보를 보거나 클릭하거나 달리 상호작용했는지 확인할 것입니다. 귀하가 온라인 광고 또는 홍보와 상호작용한 경우, RN의 고객이 귀하의 UID와 해당 설문조사를 RN에 전송하고 RN이 귀하에게 설문조사를 완료할 기회를 제공할 것입니다.
시청률 측정 데이터. 위에 설명된 바 있는 온라인 광고 효과 연구와 관련하여 (아래에 정의된) 시청률 측정 데이터의 이용 및 공유와 더불어 RN은 귀하의 UID와 연령, 성별, 소득, 가구 구성원 수, 교육/교육 수준, 고용 상태를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 RN이 이전에 수집한 데이터(“시청률 측정 데이터”)를 귀하가 방문, 열람 및/또는 클릭하는 콘텐츠, 광고, 캠페인 및 웹사이트에 대한 시청률 측정 보고를 위해 RN의 외주업체, 파트너 및/또는 고객사를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 제3자와 공유할 수 있습니다. 시청률 측정 데이터는 온라인 광고 효과 연구와 관련하여 사용되며 웹사이트, 온라인 광고 그리고 기타 인터넷 및 디지털 미디어 특징, 기능, 캠페인의 생성, 개발, 실행을 지원하기 위해 사용됩니다. 시청률 측정 데이터는 단일 요약 형태(즉, 개별 응답자 단위) 또는 취합된 요약 형태(즉, 응답자 그룹)로 공유할 수 있습니다.
광고 회사/광고 네트워크는 내 정보를 어떻게 이용합니까?
광고 파트너의 정보 이용.
귀하는 애플리케이션/서비스를 이용하여 RN이 고객사를 위해 테스트하고 있는 특정 광고 및 프로모션과 관련된 설문조사를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 설문조사에 참여할 수 있습니다. 귀하는 RN 모바일 애플리케이션이 아닌(예를 들어, 게임 앱) 여러 곳에서 이와 같은 광고나 프로모션을 볼 수 있습니다. 이후 RN은 귀하에게 노출된 광고나 프로모션에 대한 설문조사를 이행하기 위해 귀하에게 연락을 취하거나 귀하에게 설문조사 접근을 제공하게 됩니다. RN은 광고 또는 프로모션 관련 설문조사를 원활히 완료하기 위해 다른 여러 모바일 앱을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 광고를 제공, 측정 또는 가능하게 하는 광고 회사들과 제휴를 맺었습니다. 이 애플리케이션/서비스는 UID와 귀하의 고유한 장치 식별자 그리고 위의 “자동 방식으로 수집된 정보” 섹션에서 설명된 많은 또는 모든 유형의 정보를 이러한 광고 네트워크에 제공합니다. 이러한 정보에는 귀하의 장치에서 지리적 위치 수집을 허용한 경우에 한하여 지속적인 지리적 위치가 포함됩니다. 이후 귀하가 광고 회사들 중 한 곳과 제휴를 맺었던 모바일 앱을 이용하는 경우, 해당 광고 회사는 귀하의 장치를 인식하기 위해 귀하의 고유한 장치 식별자 또는 기타 자동 수집된 정보를 이용할 수 있습니다. 이때 해당 광고 회사는 RN이 본사 고객사를 위해 테스트하고 있는 광고나 프로모션을 귀하에게 표시할 수 있습니다. 그 후 해당 광고 회사는 귀하의 UID와 연계된 장치가 광고 또는 프로모션을 수신한 사실을 RN에게 통지할 수 있습니다. 이와 같은 과정을 통해 RN은 귀하가 해당 광고 또는 프로모션에 대한 설문조사를 완료할 수 있도록 귀하에게 접속을 제공하거나 연락을 취할 수 있습니다. 또한 귀하의 동의에 따라 해당 광고 회사는 귀하의 장치 외에도 애플리케이션/서비스 및 기타 모바일 앱과의 상호작용과 관련하여 수집한 정보를 이용하여 귀하의 관심 분야 및 기타 목적에 맞춘 기타 애플리케이션 내(in-app) 광고를 제공합니다. 참여 거부 방법을 비롯해 이러한 광고 회사들에 대한 자세한 정보를 보려면 다음 웹사이트를 방문하십시오.
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
애플리케이션/서비스를 통해 또는 서비스와 관련하여 어떤 연락을 받게 됩니까?
RN은 “푸시” 알림 또는 SMS/문자 메시지를 통해 설문조사에 참여하도록 연락할 수 있습니다. 이는 귀하가 이러한 알림 수신에 동의한 경우에 한합니다.
이 외에도, RN 및/또는 RN를 대신하는 대리인 또는 공급업체들은 설문조사 초대, 설문조사 참여, 리워드 또는 인센티브 정보, 문의 및 상환, 뉴스레터, 본 정책 또는 법에 따라 제공되는 필수 통지, 경품행사 또는 프로모션 참여, 경품 또는 프로모션 당첨 통지와 관련하여 그리고 귀하의 문의사항에 대한 응답을 위해 귀하에게 이메일을 발송할 것입니다.
귀하가 전화번호를 RN에 제공하는 경우에는 RN, 그 고객사 및/또는 그 외주업체가 귀하의 계정과 관련하여 다음을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 사안에 대해 전화로 연락할 수도 있습니다. (i) 귀하가 진행 또는 참여 중인 설문조사, (ii) 리워드 또는 인센티브 정보, 문의 또는 상환, (iii) 경품행사 또는 프로모션 참여 및 당첨 이행, (iv) 귀하의 문의에 응답, (v) 본 개인정보보호 정책에 따른 통지, (vi) 추가 설문조사 초대 및/또는 기회 및/또는 (vii) 귀하가 당사에 제공한 프로필 정보의 유효성 검사.
RN은 애플리케이션/서비스를 통해 수집된 개인정보 및 기타 정보를 제3자와 공유합니까?
관련법에 따라 RN은 애플리케이션/서비스를 통해 수집된 개인정보 및 기타 정보를 다음과 같은 경우에 한해 제 3자에게 공개 또는 전송할 수 있습니다.
(i) 귀하의 동의를 받아 공개함
(ii) 소환장 또는 법원이나 정부 관청의 명령에 따라 공개함
(iii) 개인의 안전이나 RN의 권리 및/또는 재산을 보호하기 위한 목적을 포함하여 개인이나 RN의 법적 청구권을 확립, 행사 또는 변호하기 위해 공개함;
(iv) 귀하가 하나 보다 많은 RN 패널에 가입할 경우 복수 RN 패널 간에 공개함;
(v) 다음과 같은 목적으로 RN의 모기업, 자회사 또는 계열사에 공개함; (1) 조직 개편이나 구조조정 시; 또는 (2) 본 개인정보보호 정책에 따르거나 귀하의 허가에 따른 이용 및 처리 시;
(vi) 데이터 첨부 서비스, 데이터 검증 서비스, 사기 탐지 및/또는 예방 서비스, 데이터베이스 대조 서비스, 코딩 서비스 및 각종 리워드, 인센티브, 경품행사 관련 서비스 등을 포함하지만 이에 제한되지 않는 서비스를 제공하는 RN 및/또는 RN 고객사의 위임 대리인 및/또는 외주업체에 공개함;
(vii) 모델링, 검증, 데이터 첨부, 데이터베이스 분할 및 리워드, 인센티브 또는 경품행사 환급, 이행 및/또는 응모 등을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 제한된 시장조사 관련 용도로 고객에게 공개함;
(viii) RN 사업 자산의 일부 또는 전체의 합병이나 인수를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 소유 또는 관리의 변경 시 공개함. 단, 전제조건으로 개인정보를 수신 또는 획득하는 당사자는 본 정책에 따라 개인정보의 보안, 무결성, 기밀성의 사용 및 보호, 유지에 동의해야 함;
(ix) RN 또는 제3자가 귀하가 제3자의 지적 재산권을 침해했거나 할 수 있다고 생각하는 경우에 이러한 고객 또는 그 고객의 고객에게 공개함;
(x) RN 또는 제3자가 귀하가 서비스 약관을 위반했거나 할 수 있다고 생각하는 경우에 이러한 고객 또는 그 고객의 고객에게 공개함;
(xi) 이러한 제3자가 마케팅 캠페인, 홍보 대상 인식, 유사 모델을 개발하거나 또는 이러한 제3자의 제품/서비스를 귀하에게 홍보할 수 있도록 비연구 활동에 참여하는 RN 연구 고객사와 제3자 모두를 포함하는 제3자에게 공개함; 그리고
(xii) 본 정책에 따라 허용된 기타 용도에 따라 공개함.
전술한 내용에 더하여, 귀하가 RN과 계약 관계에 있는 제3자를 통해 그리고/또는 귀하에게 저희 애플리케이션/서비스에 참여할 것을 제안하는 제3자(“프로그램 파트너”로 통칭)가 보낸 이메일을 통해 등록할 경우, RN은 귀하를 프로그램에 초대한 프로그램 파트너와 선택한 등록 정보를 공유할 수 있으며, 이 정보에는 귀하의 성명, 우편번호 및 귀하의 이메일 주소가 포함될 수 있습니다. 귀하는 저희 프로그램 파트너가 그 개인정보보호 정책에 따라 해당 정보를 수집, 사용 및 공개할 수 있음을 인정합니다. RN은 귀하가 프로그램 파트너와 직접 상대할 때 귀하의 정보 또는 프로그램 파트너의 개인정보 보호 관행과 관련하여 프로그램 파트너가 취하는 조치에 대한 도의적, 법적 책임을 지지 않으므로 이점 양지하시기 바랍니다.
RN은 고객이 응답자로부터 직접 PII를 수집할 수 있도록 허용할 수 있습니다. 공개는 자발적이고, 수집 전 고객이 RN와 서면 계약을 체결해야 하며, 이러한 계약은 다른 무엇보다도 PII 사용을 제한합니다.
RN은 홍보 대상 인식 및/또는 유사 모델의 개발을 위해, 이러한 데이터를 제3자의 고객사/고객에게 판매하기 위한 목적으로, 분석 수행 및 마케팅 정보 제공을 목적으로 및/또는 이러한 제3자가 귀하에게 그 제품/서비스를 홍보하기 위해 개별 수준 및/또는 통합 수준 데이터(예: 제품 및/또는 서비스 구매 또는 사용 활동, 소셜 미디어 활동, 웹사이트 방문 데이터, 인터넷 검색 기록 등)의 라이선싱을 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 자체 비연구 목적으로 제3자(예: 데이터 브로커, 데이터 통합자 등)에게 특정 PII에 대한 라이선스를 허가할 수 있습니다.
또한, 자동 방식으로 수집된 다수의 UID 및 정보는 재접촉 설문조사나 통신문을 위한 응답자 식별, 사기 탐지 및/또는 예방, 데이터베이스 대조, 데이터 검증, 데이터 첨부, 코딩, 데이터 분할 및 리워드, 인센티브, 경품이나 홍보 행사 관련 서비스를 목적으로 제3자(고객, 파트너, 대리인 및/또는 공급업체를 포함하며 이에 제한되지 않음)에게 제공됩니다.
설문조사를 통해 수집된 귀하의 정보와 관련하여 RN 또는 고객사는 특정 인구통계학적 특성을 귀하와 결부 지을 수 있습니다. RN은 회원 등록 중 또는 RN이 귀하에게 질문할 수 있는 특정 프로필 문항을 통해 귀하로부터 수집한 지리적 및/또는 인구통계 데이터를 고객사를 포함하지만 이에 국한되지 않는 제3자와 공유할 수 있습니다. 그러한 데이터는 개별 응답자 단위 또는 통합 요약 형태(즉, 응답자 그룹)로 제3자와 공유될 수 있습니다. 귀하가 설문조사 정보 및 응답과 관련하여 자발적으로 개인정보를 공개하고, RN이 설문조사 정보 및 응답을 수집하는 경우, RN은 해당 설문조사 정보 및 응답, UID, 자발적으로 공개한 개인정보를 해당 RN 고객사로 전송할 것입니다.
특정 데이터 수집 및/또는 이용은 어떻게 거부할 수 있습니까?
이 애플리케이션/서비스 사용자를 위한 다수의 참여 거부 옵션이 있습니다.
귀하는 애플리케이션/서비스 제거 및/또는 패널 참여 중단을 통해 애플리케이션/서비스가 개인정보 및 기타 정보를 수집하는 것을 중단할 수 있습니다. 모바일 장치의 일부로 또는 모바일 애플리케이션 마켓플레이스 또는 네트워크를 통해 이용할 수 있는 기본 제거 절차를 이용하거나 또는 패널 사이트에서 패널 회원 계정을 취소할 수 있습니다. 애플리케이션/서비스는 삭제했지만 RN 웹사이트 중 하나에 저장된 프로필을 그대로 유지하는 경우, 당사는 당사 웹사이트를 통해 귀하의 개인정보 및 기타 정보를 계속 수집할 수 있음에 유의하십시오. 애플리케이션/서비스를 제거한다 해도 애플리케이션/서비스 제거 이전에 RN이 수집한 모든 정보는 삭제되지 않습니다. RN이 수집한 모든 정보를 삭제하려면 아래에 설명된 대로 RN에 연락하십시오.
RN은 귀하의 계정 종료, 계정 비활동 및/또는 애플리케이션/서비스를 제거한 날로 6개월 후부터 이러한 제3자가 공개/재사용하는 목적으로 귀하의 PII를 제3자 데이터 브로커 및/또는 데이터 관리 플랫폼에 전송할 수 있습니다. 귀하의 PII가 비연구 활동용으로 사용되는 것을 원하지 않고 또는 계정 종료 및/또는 귀하의 장치에서 애플리케이션/서비스를 제거한 후에 RN이 귀하의 PII을 제3자와 공유하는 것에 동의하지 않는 경우, privacy@surveysampling.com으로 문의하시기 바랍니다.
iOS 위치 정보 거부
귀하는 다음 방식을 통해 언제든지 애플리케이션/서비스가 귀하의 위치 데이터에 접근하지 못하도록 거부할 수 있습니다:
• 장치 내 설정 아이콘 터치 또는 선택;
• 설정 아이콘 내에서 위치 서비스 터치 또는 선택; 및
• 위치 서비스로 들어가면 애플리케이션/서비스의 개별 슬라이더를 이용하여 위치 서비스 작동을 중지시킬 수 있습니다.
참고: 위치 서비스를 중지시킨 경우, 애플리케이션/서비스가 해당 기능을 다시 사용하려고 할 때 위치 서비스를 다시 활성화할지 물어보는 메시지가 표시됩니다.
Android 위치 정보 거부
귀하는 다음 방식을 통해 언제든지 애플리케이션/서비스가 귀하의 위치 데이터에 접근하지 못하도록 거부할 수 있습니다:
• 네비게이션 바의 오른쪽 상단에 보이는 ABOUT 버튼을 터치
• ABOUT 상에서 다음과 같은 표시의 스위치를 통해 위치 서비스를 켜고 끌(on/off) 수 있습니다: “나의 위치에 접근”
iOS 푸시 알림 거부
애플리케이션/서비스 푸시 알림은 다음과 같은 방식을 통해 거부할 수 있습니다:
• 장치 내 설정 아이콘 터치 또는 선택;
• 설정 아이콘 내에서 알림 터치 또는 선택;
• 푸시 알림 기능이 켜져 있으면 여러 아이콘 목록을 확인할 수 있으며, 애플리케이션/서비스에 해당하는 아이콘을 터치 또는 선택하십시오; 그리고
• 해당 애플리케이션/서비스의 푸시 알림 설정은 이 화면에서 수정할 수 있습니다.
Android 푸시 알림 거부
• 애플리케이션/서비스 푸시 알림은 다음과 같은 방식을 통해 거부할 수 있습니다:
• 장치 내 설정 접속.
• 앱을 실행한 후에 관련 애플리케이션(QuickThoughts 또는 iPoll)을 찾아 선택합니다.
• “알림 보기”로 표시된 체크박스에서 귀하가 원하는 환경 설정.
이메일 수신 거부
귀하는 RN으로부터 받은 이메일 내에 포함된 수신거부 링크를 클릭하거나 하단에 제시된 연락처로 연락하여 이메일 수신을 거부할 수 있습니다.
소셜 미디어 플랫폼 프로필 데이터 공유 거부
제3자와의 정보 공유 또는 귀하의 소셜 미디어 프로필에서 해당 애플리케이션/서비스의 제거와 관련하여 귀하는 소셜 미디어 플랫폼을 통해 기본 설정/프로필 설정을 변경하여 소셜 미디어 플랫폼 프로필 데이터 공유를 거부할 수 있습니다.
귀하의 스마트폰/장치에 할당된 광고 식별자의 사용 거부
귀하의 장치에 할당된 광고 식별자는 언제든지 변경할 수 있습니다.
광고 네트워크 거부
설문조사를 원활히 진행하고 관심 기반 광고물을 제공하기 위한 목적으로 애플리케이션/서비스를 통해 정보를 수집하는 광고 네트워크는 특정 참여 거부 방법을 제공합니다. 참여 거부를 원하면 아래 제시된 링크를 통해 각 광고 네트워크의 지침을 따르십시오. 참여 거부를 하게 되면 본사의 광고 및 프로모션 관련 설문조사에 참여할 수 없을 것입니다.
광고 네트워크 참여 거부 정보
Admob by Google
RN이 추적 내 온라인 활동을 추적하는 것을 중단할 수 있습니까?
추적 안 함 통지(“DNT”)는 귀하가 방문하는 웹사이트에 귀하에 관한 일부 정보를 수집하는 것을 원하지 않음을 통지하기 위해 설정할 수 있는 브라우저 내 기본 설정입니다. RN은 DNT 신호에 응답하지 않습니다. 귀하가 DNT 신호에 관한 RN 관행에 반대하는 경우, 아래에 기술된 대로 참여 또는 RN 서비스 이용을 거부할 수 있습니다.
RN 온라인 광고 효과 프로그램과 관련하여, RN이 RN 외주업체, 파트너 및/또는 고객이 시청률 측정과 광고 회상 설문조사 활동을 촉진하기 위해 제3자 기술을 드롭, 설정 및/또는 기록하는 것을 허용합니다. RN은 일체의 제3자의 DNT 신호 준수 또는 응답에 대해 책임지지 않습니다. RN 온라인 광고 효과 프로그램에 관해 자세히 알아보려면, 본 개인정보보호 정책의 쿠키 항을 검토하십시오.
본인의 개인정보 및 기타 정보를 얼마 동안 보관합니까?
RN은 귀하의 애플리케이션/서비스 및/또는 서비스 이용과 관련된 개인정보 및 기타 정보를 귀하가 애플리케이션을 설치하고 있는 동안 및/또는 애플리케이션/서비스를 사용하는 동안 그리고 그 이후 최대 1년 또는 법이 허용하거나 요구할 수 있는 기타 기간 동안 보유할 것입니다. 패널 사이트에서 6개월 이상 활동하지 않거나 또는 애플리케이션/서비스를 제거하는 경우, RN은 이러한 제3자가 공개/재사용하는 목적으로 귀하의 PII를 제3자 데이터 브로커 및/또는 데이터 관리 플랫폼에 전송할 수 있습니다.
내 개인정보 및 애플리케이션/서비스가 나에 대해 수집한 기타 정보에 어떻게 접근합니까?
해당 법률에 따라 귀하는 귀하의 개인정보를 검토, 수정, 삭제할 수 있는 권리를 갖습니다. 해당 요청에 대해 하단에 제시된 연락처를 통해 연락할 수 있습니다.
애플리케이션/서비스는 18세 미만의 미성년자의 정보를 수집합니까?
이 애플리케이션/서비스는 18세 미만의 개인이 이용할 수 있도록 설계 또는 의도되지 않았습니다. 당사는 18세 미만 미성년자의 개인정보를 의도적으로 수집하지 않으며 의도치 않게 18세 미만 미성년자의 개인정보를 수집한 사실을 인지하는 즉시 이러한 개인정보를 삭제하기 위해 합리적인 상업적 노력을 다할 것입니다.
애플리케이션/서비스를 통해 수집된 개인정보 및 기타 정보에 대해 어떤 보안이 제공됩니까?
RN은 RN이 공개 또는 수집하는 개인정보 및 기타 정보를 보호하기 위해 적절한 수준의 기술, 관리, 물리적 안전 장치를 유지하고 있습니다. RN은 본사의 개인정보보호 정책 및 보호 시스템을 정기적으로 검토, 감시, 평가합니다. 본사가 실행하는 세이프가드에도 불구하고 인터넷 및/또는 이동 통신망 상의 데이터 전송은 완전하게 안전하지는 않으며, RN은 온라인 데이터 전송의 보안을 보증하지 않습니다. RN은 개인들이 개인정보를 RN에 제출할 때 범하는 일체의 실수에 대한 책임을 지지 않습니다.
본 개인정보보호 정책에 대한 질문에 대해 누구에게 문의할 수 있습니까?
요청할 수 있는 사항은 다음과 같습니다:
– 귀사가 본인에 대해 보유하고 있는 정보의 사본을 받고 싶습니다.
– RN에 참여 거부를 요청하고 싶습니다.
– 본인의 개인정보에 대한 접근, 수정, 차단 또는 삭제를 요청하고 싶습니다.
– 귀사의 개인정보보호 정책에 대해 불만사항이 있습니다.
– 본인의 PII에 대한 특정 사용을 거부하고 싶습니다.
RN의 개인정보보호 정책 관행 및/또는 본 정책 관련 질문은 이메일(privacy@surveysampling.com)로 문의하시기 바랍니다.
RN의 본 정책에 대한 준수는 RN 법무부서가 담당하고 있습니다.
RN Group 내에 PII를 수집, 보관, 처리할 수 있는 일체의 회사가 있습니까?
예. 아래의 회사 목록을 참조하십시오.
회사 사무실 주소
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Dasar Privasi
Berikut merupakan Research Now Group, Inc. untuk penduduk Malaysia dan ialah dasar Research Now Group Limited, dengan alamat berdaftar di 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF bagi pihak ia sendiri dan semua ahli keluarga korporat Research Now Group termasuk semua sekutu Survey Sampling International, LLC disenarai secara global di bawah (secara kolektif “RN”).  Semua entiti secara global harus mempunyai akses kepada data peribadi yang dikumpul berikutan dengan dasar ini dan boleh mengakses dan/atau menyimpan data ini di luar negara tempat tinggal anda termasuk di dalam Amerika Syarikat.
Mula Berkuat Kuasa: 24 Februari 2000
Versi Ini: Berkuat kuasa 7 Mei 2018
Perkara berikut menetapkan dasar privasi untuk komuniti panel dalam talian, laman web dan/atau aplikasi mudah alih RN (secara kolektif “Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan”) yang ditawarkan oleh RN.
Dasar Privasi ini menetapkan pengumpulan, penggunaan dan pendedahan data peribadi atau maklumat yang boleh mengenal pasti identiti individu (“PII”) dan maklumat lain oleh RN yang berkaitan dengan Perkhidmatan RN seperti yang ditakrifkan di sini serta aktiviti RN yang lain dan pihak ketiga seperti yang ditakrifkan di sini (“Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan”). Perkhidmatan RN menyediakan peluang kepada anda untuk menyertai panel, mengambil bahagian dalam kaji selidik yang ditadbir oleh RN atau pihak ketiga (sama ada sebagai ahli panel atau ahli bukan panel), menggunakan laman web yang berkaitan dengan panel, menggunakan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan yang berkaitan dengan panel serta menerima dan menebus ganjaran dan insentif termasuk, tanpa had, penyertaan dalam cabutan bertuah yang ditawarkan berhubung dengan keahlian panel dan/atau melengkapkan kaji selidik (secara kolektif “Perkhidmatan”). Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada pemasaran RN, Perkhidmatan RN dan/atau pihak ketiga memasarkan perkhidmatan mereka kepada anda dan/atau berkongsi data profil individu dan/atau teragregat dengan pihak ketiga bagi membangunkan pandangan pemasaran dan/atau model penonton/yang sama. Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan dijelaskan dengan lebih terperinci dalam Dasar Privasi ini.
Penggunaan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan RN oleh anda adalah secara sukarela sepenuhnya dan oleh itu, pemprosesan PII anda oleh RN yang berkaitan dengan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dan Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan serta Dasar Privasi ini adalah dengan persetujuan anda.
Kaji Selidik ditadbir oleh pihak ketiga dan data yang dikumpul berkaitan dengannya tidak tertakluk pada Dasar Privasi ini. Pendaftaran dengan, penggunaan, dan akses kepada Perkhidmatan RN adalah tertakluk pada Terma dan Syarat RN. Dalam kebanyakan hal, RN bukan penaja kaji selidik dan alat kaji selidik, malah hasil atau data kaji selidik akan dimiliki oleh penaja kaji selidik.
Semua rujukan kepada “RN” dalam Dasar Privasi ini merangkumi RN serta syarikat induk, anak syarikat dan syarikat bersekutunya. Semua rujukan “kami” merujuk kepada RN. Semua PII disimpan dalam pelayan yang terletak di Amerika Syarikat, di mana lokasi pelayan RN dan boleh diakses secara global oleh pekerja dan/atau ejen RN. Bagi tujuan dasar ini, responden bermaksud mana-mana individu yang mengambil bahagian dalam Perkhidmatan RN termasuk pengumpulan data pasif dan/atau mengambil bahagian dalam Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan yang dijelaskan di sini. Bagi tujuan dasar ini, dalam talian merangkumi melayari laman web mudah alih,
Apakah data peribadi dan maklumat lain yang dikumpul oleh Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dan bagaimana ia digunakan?
RN mengumpul maklumat untuk mengenal pasti identiti individu (“PII”) daripada peserta penyelidikan semasa dan selepas pendaftaran dengan panel termasuk, tanpa had, semasa mengambil bahagian dalam kaji selidik dan yang berkaitan dengan penerimaan dan penebusan ganjaran dan insentif dan/atau semasa pendaftaran Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan serta proses muat turun. Anda akan diminta memberikan PII dan maklumat demografi tertentu termasuk, tanpa had, nama, alamat, nombor telefon (termasuk nombor telefon rumah, bimbit dan/atau perniagaan), alamat e-mel, tarikh lahir, dan pekerjaan/pendidikan, nombor pengenalan responden/ahli panel unik yang kami berikan kepada anda semasa anda mendaftar akaun (secara individu “UID” dan secara kolektif “pelbagai UID”) serta maklumat bangsa dan jantina. Selain pengumpulan PII yang disebutkan di atas, semasa dan selepas proses pendaftaran, anda mungkin diminta untuk menyediakan atau mendedahkan Data Sensitif secara sukarela. “Data Sensitif” bererti PII yang mendedahkan atau menyatakan keadaan kesihatan dan perubatan, orientasi seks atau kehidupan seks, pendapat/pandangan politik, bangsa/etnik, kepercayaan agama dan falsafah, serta keahlian kesatuan perdagangan. Data Sensitif digunakan untuk mensasarkan peluang kaji selidik kepada anda dan sebagaimana yang ditetapkan dalam Dasar Privasi ini.
RN mengumpulkan PII dan maklumat demografi daripada ahli bukan panel sebelum atau semasa penyertaan dalam kaji selidik.
RN memberikan maklumat mengenai peranti anda kepada klien dan/atau rakan kongsi perniagaannya. Ini termasuk, tetapi tidak terhad kepada IDFA peranti atau ID Pengiklanan dan interaksi dengan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dengan persetujuan anda. RN, klien dan/atau rakan kongsi pengiklanan boleh menggunakan maklumat ini bagi memudahkan kaji selidik RN untuk pemasaran produk dan perkhidmatan RN kepada anda, untuk pengiklanan berasaskan minat yang tidak berkaitan, untuk menghubungkan peranti anda kepada data tambahan mengenai anda dan/atau peranti sedia ada anda dari platform pengurusan data pihak ketiga dan/atau untuk mengesahkan maklumat khusus yang anda berikan mengenai diri anda dan/atau peranti anda. Klik di sini untuk mempelajari lebih lanjut mengenai beberapa rakan kongsi pengiklanan kami, termasuk cara menarik diri selepas itu.
Maklumat tambahan yang anda hantar.
Anda boleh menghantar, memuat naik atau memindah kandungan atau bahan termasuk, tanpa had, foto, video, dan/atau sebarang bahan atau kandungan lain yang berkaitan atau hampir sama. Ini mungkin merangkumi PII anda (“Kandungan Pengguna”), contohnya apabila kaji selidik dilengkapkan. PII yang termasuk dalam Kandungan Pengguna akan dikumpul, digunakan dan didedahkan seperti yang ditetapkan dalam Dasar Privasi ini. Kandungan Pengguna tidak sepatutnya mengandungi audio, video, imej atau apa sahaja yang serupa dengan orang lain selain daripada anda.
Maklumat yang dikumpul secara automatik bermaksud:
Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan juga mengumpul maklumat khusus secara automatik seperti maklumat mengenai peranti anda dan kebolehan peranti termasuk, tanpa had, sistem pengendalian peranti, aplikasi lain dalam peranti anda, alamat IP, pembekal rangkaian peranti, jenis peranti, zon waktu, status rangkaian, jenis pelayar, pengecam pelayar, nombor pengenalan peranti unik (seperti pengecam untuk analisis atau pengiklanan), ID pengguna pembekal rangkaian (nombor yang diperuntukkan secara unik kepada anda oleh pembekal rangkaian anda), alamat Kawalan Capaian Media [Media Access Control (MAC)], Identiti Peralatan Mudah Alih Antarabangsa, lokasi dan maklumat lain yang boleh digunakan untuk mengecam peranti anda secara bersendirian atau bersama. Contoh khusus maklumat ini dan teknologi yang mengumpulkannya adalah seperti berikut:
Data geolokasi. Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan ini akan meminta kebenaran anda untuk mendapatkan maklumat geolokasi dari peranti mudah alih anda. Maklumat geolokasi itu boleh diberikan oleh Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan pada bila-bila masa sama ada Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dibuka atau tidak. Jika anda bersetuju untuk berkongsi data geolokasi anda, selain daripada penggunaan yang ditetapkan dalam “penggunaan maklumat oleh RN” di bawah, RN juga akan menggunakan maklumat lokasi anda bagi menawarkan pilihan untuk anda mengambil bahagian dalam penyelidikan pemasaran dan kaji selidik berasaskan lokasi dan/atau untuk berkongsi data geolokasi itu dengan klien pihak ketiga bagi menunjukkan lokasi khusus dan/atau corak trafik peserta Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan. Selain itu, RN mungkin berkongsi data geolokasi anda dengan vendor pihak ketiga untuk mengenal pasti alamat komersial berhampiran lokasi anda, seperti kedai dan restoran. Bagi mempelajari lebih lanjut mengenai vendor yang dinyatakan, sila lawat www.placed.com untuk penerangan mengenai perkhidmatan yang mereka sediakan dan cara data geolokasi digunakan, termasuk penggunaan data itu oleh vendor untuk pengiklanan berasaskan lokasi.
Data geolokasi juga boleh digunakan oleh rangkaian iklan bagi menyediakan pengiklanan berasaskan lokasi kepada anda. Penggunaan data oleh rangkaian pengiklanan dan cara menarik diri diterangkan dengan lebih terperinci di bawah.
Jika anda tidak lagi ingin berkongsi data geolokasi anda melalui peranti anda, sila ubah tetapan privasi untuk Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dalam peranti anda.
Fungsi Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan. RN mungkin meminta akses untuk aplikasi khusus dan/atau fungsi sedia ada pada atau melalui peranti anda untuk kegunaan yang berkaitan dengan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dan Perkhidmatan. Akses akan diminta melalui pemberitahuan tolak atau pemberitahuan lain dan akses hanya akan diberikan dengan persetujuan anda. Jika anda bersetuju, anda boleh tarik diri selepas itu dengan menukar tetapan pada peranti anda.
Maklumat media sosial. Anda juga mungkin ditawarkan peluang untuk mengakses Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan melalui platform media sosial pihak ketiga. Sekiranya anda memilih pilihan tersebut, RN mungkin mengumpul maklumat profil tertentu yang disimpan dalam akaun platform media sosial anda.
Kuki dan Teknologi Serupa. Kuki adalah fail kecil yang menyimpan data khusus pada peranti. Kuki sesi luput apabila anda menutup pelayar anda. Kuki berterusan kekal dalam peranti anda sehingga dipadam atau apabila sampai tarikh luput yang ditetapkan. Anda boleh menetapkan pelayar untuk memaklumkan kepada anda apabila anda menerima kuki.  Data geografi dan demografi tambahan seperti Data Pengukuran Penonton (seperti yang ditakrifkan di bawah) boleh dikongsi dengan pihak ketiga dan dikaitkan dengan kuki yang diletakkan pada peranti anda.
Kuki pihak pertama dan pihak ketiga serta teknologi berkaitan atau serupa yang lain serta pengecam peranti (cth., IDFA, AAID, dll.) boleh diletakkan, ditulis, ditetapkan dan/atau dibaca bagi pelbagai tujuan termasuk, tanpa had, untuk menyediakan pengesahan, kawalan kualiti, pengalaman kaji selidik yang lebih baik, untuk membolehkan atau memudahkan penyertaan dalam kaji selidik, penjejakan kaji selidik atau tindakan lain yang dilengkapkan, untuk pencegahan dan/atau pengesanan penipuan, penyelidikan keberkesanan iklan dalam talian, penjejakan laman web dan pengukuran penonton, untuk membangunkan pandangan penonton dan/atau model yang sama yang berkaitan dengan kempen pemasaran serta untuk mensasarkan pengiklanan dan kandungan lain kepada individu, tertakluk pada persetujuan anda seperti yang dikehendaki oleh undang-undang berkaitan. Walau bagaimanapun, bagi sesetengah kuki dan/atau teknologi yang berkaitan atau serupa, jika anda memutuskan untuk tidak menerima kuki, anda tidak boleh menggunakan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan.
Kuki dijelaskan dengan lebih terperinci di sini:
Penting
Nama Kuki Tujuan
PHPSESSID
ANALISIS DAN PENYESUAIAN Tarik diri dengan melawat https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Google Analytics
Vendor Peluputan kuki Tujuan Pautan tarik diri
Accordant
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Dynamic Logic
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Tarik diri
Penyasaran Iklan
Tarik diri
Fail Log. Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan mungkin mengumpul dan menyimpan maklumat khusus secara automatik termasuk, tanpa had, data sedia ada daripada pelayar web anda termasuk, tanpa had, alamat IP, jenis pelayar, pembekal perkhidmatan internet, laman merujuk/keluar, sistem pengendalian, cap waktu/tarikh dan data strim klik dalam fail log.
Cap Jari Digital. Secara umumnya, cap jari digital menggunakan pengecam unik pada peranti anda berasaskan Alamat IP, ciri-ciri dan tetapan teknikal peranti. RN menggunakan teknologi cap jari digital untuk kawalan kualiti dan tujuan pengesahan serta pengesanan penipuan dan/atau pencegahan, termasuk, tanpa had, mengenal pasti responden duplikat atau tipu. RN boleh melaksanakan dan menggunakan cap jari digital secara langsung atau melalui vendor pihak ketiga dengan persetujuan anda seperti yang dikehendaki oleh undang-undang berkaitan.
Perteraan Air. Secara umumnya, perteraan air melibatkan peletakan teknologi atau fail dalam peranti anda untuk mengecam sekiranya ia pernah digunakan untuk mendaftar atau mengakses Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan atau Perkhidmatan. Perteraan air digunakan untuk tujuan kawalan kualiti dan pengesahan serta tujuan pengesanan dan/atau pencegahan penipuan. RN boleh melibatkan diri dalam aktiviti perteraan air secara langsung atau melalui vendor pihak ketiga dengan kebenaran anda seperti yang dikehendaki oleh undang-undang berkaitan. Dalam sesetengah hal, kami mungkin menggunakan maklumat yang dikumpul secara automatik bersama maklumat lain untuk mengecam pengguna (atau isi rumah) dalam seluruh platform atau seluruh peranti seperti telefon pintar, komputer, tablet atau pelayar berkaitan bagi tujuan yang diterangkan dalam Dasar Privasi ini.
Maklumat yang dikumpul daripada pihak ketiga
RN mungkin mendapatkan maklumat PII, tingkah laku dan/atau demografi daripada pihak ketiga termasuk, tanpa had, platform pengurusan data, rangkaian iklan, biro perkhidmatan maklumat, pembekal sampel lain dan/atau platform media sosial. RN boleh menggunakan maklumat PII, tingkah laku dan/atau demografi yang diterima daripada pihak ketiga ini untuk pelbagai tujuan termasuk, tanpa had, pengesahan data, penambahan data, membangunkan pandangan pemasaran dan model yang sama, pengesanan penipuan dan/atau menghantar e-mel satu kali kepada anda untuk mengundang anda mengambil bahagian dalam kaji selidik dan/atau menyertai Panel. Selain itu, data geolokasi termasuk maklumat mengenai perusahaan komersial lain dan runcit yang mungkin anda kunjungi semasa ciri geolokasi diaktifkan boleh ditambah kepada profil panel anda dan/atau dikongsi dengan klien RN jika anda memilih untuk ikut serta dalam perkhidmatan geolokasi.
Bagaimana RN menggunakan maklumat yang dikumpulkan?
Penggunaan maklumat RN:
Selain daripada tujuan yang dinyatakan di atas, RN menggunakan data peribadi yang dikumpul melalui Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan seperti berikut: (i) untuk berkomunikasi dengan anda mengenai keahlian anda dengan panel kaji selidik yang dimiliki oleh RN; (ii) untuk berkomunikasi dengan anda mengenai penyertaan anda dalam kaji selidik; (iii) untuk menyesuaikan peluang kaji selidik kepada anda dan untuk mengatur iklan yang akan dipaparkan kepada anda di luar Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dengan tujuan untuk memudahkan anda melengkapkan kaji selidik ingat kembali iklan; (iv) untuk menghantar pemberitahuan kepada anda mengenai peluang kaji selidik; (v) untuk mematuhi sebarang dan semua kewajipan undang-undang termasuk, tanpa had, kewajipan cukai; (vi) untuk mentadbir dan menguruskan program insentif dan ganjaran RN serta menunaikan permintaan anda untuk ganjaran dan insentif; (vii) untuk memudahkan penyertaan anda dalam promosi dan cabutan bertuah RN serta berkomunikasi dengan anda mengenai penyertaan yang berkaitan; (viii) untuk mengemas kini rekod RN; (ix) untuk mematuhi sebarang permintaan atau kewajipan penahan data; (x) untuk tujuan pencegahan dan/atau pengesanan penipuan; (xi) untuk menghubungkan profil dan/atau peranti anda kepada maklumat tambahan sedia ada mengenai anda dan/atau peranti sedia ada daripada platform pengurusan data [data management platforms (“DMP”)]; (xii) untuk memasarkan produk/perkhidmatan RN kepada anda; (xiii) untuk membolehkan pihak ketiga memasarkan produk/perkhidmatan mereka kepada anda; (xiv) untuk membolehkan RN atau pihak ketiga membangunkan pandangan pemasaran dan/atau penonton/model yang sama; (xv) untuk mengesahkan maklumat profil yang anda beri kepada kami; dan/atau (xvi) sebagaimana yang dibenarkan menurut Dasar ini atau sebagaimana yang dibenarkan oleh anda. RN boleh menggunakan maklumat yang dikumpulkan dalam konteks Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan berkaitan panel kaji selidik lain yang ditadbir oleh RN dan/atau berkaitan Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan. Berkenaan dengan menghubungkan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan data kepada data DMP pihak ketiga, RN menggunakan sendiri data tersebut dan/atau membenarkan klien RN dan/atau DMP itu sendiri menggunakan data itu untuk menyediakan peluang kaji selidik kepada anda, untuk mengukur keberkesanan pengiklanan (seperti yang dijelaskan dengan lebih terperinci di bawah), untuk mensegmenkan penonton; untuk mereka kempen pengiklanan dengan menggunakan kumpulan kohort “yang sama” berdasarkan kaji selidik dan data pihak ketiga; dan/atau untuk memasarkan produk/perkhidmatan pihak ketiga kepada anda.
Penyasaran Semula. Dari semasa ke semasa, RN mungkin melibatkan satu atau beberapa pihak ketiga untuk memaparkan pengiklanan di laman web RN atau untuk menguruskan pengiklanan RN di laman web yang lain (contoh di laman media sosial). Rakan kongsi pihak ketiga RN boleh menggunakan teknologi seperti kuki untuk mengecam unsur data. Ini termasuk tetapi tidak terhad kepada IDFA atau ID Pengiklanan anda untuk mengumpul maklumat mengenai aktiviti anda di laman web RN dan/atau laman web lain yang bertujuan untuk: (i) menyediakan anda dengan pengiklanan mengenai RN dan perkhidmatannya dan/atau (ii) membantu RN untuk membangunkan kempen pemasaran dan pengiklanan yang direka khusus untuk individu yang mempunyai profil sosial dan demografi yang serupa seperti anda. Jika RN menjalankan program penyasaran semula dan anda berhasrat untuk tidak menyertai program penyasaran semula ini, sila tarik diri melalui proses tarik diri daripada kuki berkaitan seperti yang dinyatakan dalam Dasar Privasi ini atau dalam notis kuki RN yang berasingan dengan mengubah suai IDFA atau ID Pengiklanan anda dan/atau menamatkan langganan iklan itu sendiri.
Pandangan Penonton/Yang Sama. RN dan/atau pihak ketiga boleh menggunakan PII yang dikumpul daripada anda dan/atau boleh menghubungkan PII yang dikumpul daripada anda kepada kuki pihak ketiga untuk membangunkan pandangan penonton dan/atau model yang sama dan berkaitan dengan kempen pemasaran.
Keberkesanan Iklan Dalam Talian. Berkaitan dengan program keberkesanan iklan dalam talian RN, anda boleh menyertai kaji selidik mengenai iklan, promosi, kandungan, kempen dan/atau laman web yang diuji oleh RN untuk kliennya. Untuk memudahkan kaji selidik ini dilengkapkan, klien RN boleh menulis, menetapkan, atau membaca kuki, objek dikongsi/disimpan setempat, kuki flash, dan/atau apa-apa teknologi yang berkaitan (setiap satu “Teknologi Pihak Ketiga” dan secara kolektif “pelbagai Teknologi Pihak Ketiga”). Pelbagai Teknologi Pihak Ketiga boleh ditulis, ditetapkan atau dibaca di pelbagai lokasi termasuk, tanpa had, pelayan atau sistem RN. Jika anda mengambil bahagian, UID anda boleh disimpan dalam atau dikaitkan dengan Teknologi Pihak Ketiga untuk membenarkan anda dihubungi semula mengenai iklan atau promosi dalam talian dan klien RN akan menggunakan Teknologi Pihak Ketiga untuk menentukan jika anda pernah lihat, klik pada, atau berinteraksi dengan iklan atau promosi dalam talian. Sekiranya anda telah berinteraksi dengan iklan dan promosi dalam talian, klien RN akan menghantar UID anda dan kaji selidik tertentu kepada RN dan RN akan memberi anda peluang untuk melengkapkan kaji selidik.
Data Pengukuran Penonton. Selain daripada penggunaan dan perkongsian Data Pengukuran Penonton (seperti dinyatakan di bawah) yang berkaitan dengan penyelidikan keberkesanan pengiklanan dalam talian seperti penyelidikan yang dinyatakan di atas, RN boleh berkongsi UID anda atau data yang dikumpul oleh RN sebelum ini termasuk, tanpa had, umur, jantina, pendapatan, bilangan orang seisi rumah anda, pendidikan/tahap pendidikan dan status pekerjaan (“Data Pengukuran Penonton”) kepada pihak ketiga termasuk, tanpa had, klien, rakan kongsi dan/atau subkontraktor RN bagi tujuan laporan pengukuran penonton pada kandungan, iklan, kempen dan laman web yang anda layari, lihat, dan/atau klik. Data Pengukuran Penonton akan digunakan berkaitan dengan penyelidikan keberkesanan pengiklanan dalam talian untuk membantu pewujudan, pembangunan dan pelaksanaan laman web, iklan dalam talian serta kempen, fungsi dan ciri-ciri media digital dan Internet yang lain. Data Pengukuran Penonton mungkin dikongsi dalam bentuk ringkasan tunggal (iaitu tahap responden individu) atau bentuk ringkasan agregat (iaitu sekumpulan responden).
Bagaimana pengiklan/rangkaian iklan menggunakan maklumat saya?
Penggunaan maklumat oleh rakan kongsi iklan.
Anda boleh menggunakan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan untuk mengambil bahagian dalam kaji selidik termasuk, tanpa had, kaji selidik mengenai promosi dan iklan khusus yang diuji oleh RN untuk klien perniagaannya. Anda boleh lihat promosi dan iklan ini di beberapa tempat termasuk, tanpa had, dalam aplikasi mudah alih bukan RN (contohnya dalam aplikasi permainan). Selepas itu RN akan menyediakan akses kepada anda atau menghubungi anda untuk melengkapkan kaji selidik mengenai iklan atau promosi yang didedahkan kepada anda. Bagi memudahkan kaji selidik mengenai iklan atau promosi dilengkapkan, RN telah bekerjasama dengan syarikat yang menyediakan, mengukur atau memudahkan pengiklanan termasuk, tanpa had, dalam pelbagai aplikasi mudah alih lain. Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan menyediakan rangkaian iklan ini menggunakan UID, pengecam peranti unik anda dan pelbagai atau semua maklumat jenis lain yang dijelaskan dalam bahagian “Maklumat yang dikumpul secara automatik” di atas (termasuk geolokasi berterusan anda jika peranti anda membenarkan pengumpulan geolokasi). Kemudian, apabila anda menggunakan aplikasi mudah alih yang dikongsi dengan salah satu syarikat iklan, syarikat iklan boleh menggunakan pengecam peranti unik anda atau maklumat lain yang dikumpul secara automatik untuk mengecam peranti anda. Syarikat iklan mungkin menunjukkan kepada anda iklan atau promosi yang diuji oleh RN untuk salah satu klien perniagaan kami. Syarikat iklan mungkin memaklumkan kepada RN dan memberitahu peranti yang berkaitan dengan UID anda baru sahaja menerima iklan atau promosi yang membolehkan RN menyediakan akses kepada anda atau menghubungi anda untuk melengkapkan kaji selidik mengenai iklan atau promosi. Dengan persetujuan anda, syarikat iklan juga menggunakan maklumat yang mereka kumpul mengenai peranti anda serta interaksi anda dengan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dan aplikasi mudah alih yang lain untuk menyediakan pengiklanan dalam aplikasi kepada anda yang disesuaikan mengikut minat anda dan untuk tujuan lain. Bagi mempelajari lebih lanjut mengenai syarikat iklan ini termasuk cara untuk menarik diri, sila lawat laman web berikut:
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
Apakah bentuk komunikasi yang akan saya terima melalui Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan atau yang berkaitan dengan Perkhidmatan?
RN mungkin menghubungi anda untuk menyertai kaji selidik melalui pemberitahuan “tolak” atau mesej teks/SMS jika anda bersetuju secara nyata untuk menerima komunikasi sedemikian.
Selain itu, RN dan/atau ejen atau vendor bagi pihak RN akan menghantar e-mel komunikasi kepada anda mengenai undangan kaji selidik, penyertaan kaji selidik, maklumat ganjaran atau insentif, pertanyaan dan penebusan, surat berita, notis yang perlu disediakan di bawah atau mengikut undang-undang, penyertaan dalam promosi atau cabutan bertuah, notis kemenangan cabutan bertuah atau promosi, dan sebagai maklum balas terhadap pertanyaan anda.
Apabila anda memberikan nombor telefon anda kepada RN, RN, kliennya dan/atau Subkontraktornya juga boleh menghubungi anda melalui telefon berkaitan dengan akaun anda termasuk, tanpa had: (i) kaji selidik yang anda pernah atau sedang sertai; (ii) maklumat insentif atau ganjaran, pertanyaan dan penebusan; (iii) penyertaan dalam promosi atau cabutan bertuah dan penunaian hadiah; (iv) maklum balas kepada pertanyaan anda; (v) notis di bawah Dasar Privasi ini; (vi) peluang dan/atau undangan kaji selidik tambahan (vii) untuk mengesahkan maklumat profil yang anda beri kepada kami.
Adakah RN berkongsi data peribadi dan maklumat lain yang dikumpul melalui Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dengan pihak ketiga?
Menurut undang-undang berkaitan, RN boleh mendedahkan atau memindahkan data peribadi dan maklumat lain yang dikumpul melalui Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan kepada pihak ketiga seperti berikut:
(i) Dengan persetujuan anda;
(ii) Sebagai maklum balas kepada sepina atau perintah mahkamah atau agensi kerajaan;
(iii) Untuk mewujudkan, melaksanakan, atau mempertahankan tuntutan undang-undang individu atau RN, termasuk untuk melindungi keselamatan individu atau untuk melindungi harta dan/atau hak RN;
(iv) Antara pelbagai panel RN jika anda mendaftar untuk lebih daripada satu panel RN;
(v) Kepada syarikat induk, anak syarikat atau syarikat bersekutu RN: (1) dalam hal penyusunan semula atau penstrukturan semula; atau (2) untuk kegunaan dan pemprosesan menurut Dasar ini atau sebagaimana yang dibenarkan oleh anda;
(vi) Kepada ejen dan/atau subkontraktor RN yang dibenarkan dan/atau klien RN yang membekalkan perkhidmatan termasuk, tanpa had, perkhidmatan penambahan data, perkhidmatan pengesahan data, perkhidmatan pengesanan dan/atau pencegahan penipuan, perkhidmatan pemadanan pangkalan data, perkhidmatan pengekodan serta perkhidmatan berkaitan cabutan bertuah, insentif dan ganjaran;
(vii) Kepada klien untuk penggunaan yang berkaitan dengan penyelidikan pasaran terhad termasuk, tanpa had, pemodelan, pengesahan, penambahan data, pensegmenan pangkalan data serta penyertaan, penunaian dan/atau penebusan cabutan bertuah, insentif atau ganjaran;
(viii) Sehubungan dengan perubahan pemilikan atau kawalan termasuk, tanpa had, penggabungan atau pengambilalihan mana-mana atau semua aset perniagaan RN, dengan syarat pihak yang menerima atau memperoleh data peribadi bersetuju untuk menggunakan, melindungi, dan mengekalkan keselamatan, integriti, dan kerahsiaan data peribadi selaras dengan Dasar ini;
(ix) kepada klien atau pelanggan bagi klien itu sekiranya RN atau pihak ketiga percaya anda sudah atau mungkin melanggar hak harta intelektual pihak ketiga;
(x) kepada klien atau pelanggan bagi klien itu sekiranya RN atau pihak ketiga percaya anda sudah melanggar Syarat Perkhidmatan;
(xi) kepada pihak ketiga yang merangkumi klien penyelidikan RN dan pelbagai pihak ketiga yang terlibat dalam Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan bagi membolehkan pihak ketiga membangunkan kempen pemasaran, pandangan penonton, model yang sama dan/atau untuk memasarkan produk/perkhidmatan pihak ketiga itu kepada anda; dan
(xii) Sebagaimana yang dibenarkan menurut Dasar ini.
Selain daripada yang disebutkan di atas, jika anda mendaftar melalui pihak ketiga yang mempunyai RN mempunyai hubungan kontrak dan/atau dari e-mel yang dihantar dari syarikat pihak ketiga yang mencadangkan anda untuk menyertai Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan kami (secara kolektif “Rakan Kongsi Program”), RN boleh berkongsi maklumat pilih pendaftaran dengan Rakan Kongsi Program yang menjemput anda ke dalam program, yang boleh memasukkan nama penuh, poskod dan alamat e-mel anda. Anda mengakui bahawa Rakan Kongsi Program kami boleh mengumpul, menggunakan dan mendedahkan maklumat tersebut mengikut dasar privasi mereka. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa RN tidak akan bertanggungjawab dan tidak boleh dipertanggungjawabkan atas tindakan Rakan Kongsi Program kami berkenaan maklumat anda atau untuk sebarang amalan privasi Rakan Kongsi Program apabila anda berurusan secara langsung dengan mereka.
Sila ambil perhatian, RN boleh membenarkan klien untuk mengumpulkan PII secara langsung daripada responden. Pendedahan tersebut adalah secara sukarela dan, sebelum pengumpulan, klien dikehendaki untuk memasuki perjanjian bertulis dengan RN, yang antara lainnya, mengehadkan penggunaan PII.
RN boleh melesenkan PII khusus kepada pihak ketiga (cth., broker data, pengagregat data, dll) untuk Tujuan Bukan Penyelidikan mereka sendiri termasuk, tanpa had, pelesenan data peringkat individu dan/atau peringkat agregat (cth., aktiviti penggunaan atau pembelian perkhidmatan dan/atau produk, aktiviti media sosial, data lawatan laman web, sejarah carian Internet, dll.) untuk pembangunan pandangan penonton dan/atau model yang sama bagi tujuan penjualan data itu kepada klien/pelanggan pihak ketiga yang bertujuan untuk menjalankan analisis dan menyediakan perisikan pemasaran dan/atau untuk membolehkan pihak ketiga itu memasarkan produk/perkhidmatan mereka kepada anda.
Sebagai tambahan, pelbagai UID dan maklumat yang dikumpul secara automatik diberikan kepada pihak ketiga termasuk, tanpa had, klien, rakan kongsi, ejen dan/atau vendor bagi tujuan pengenalpastian responden untuk komunikasi atau kaji selidik hubungan semula, pencegahan dan/atau pengesanan penipuan, pemadanan pangkalan data, pengesahan data, penambahan data, pengekodan, pensegmenan data serta perkhidmatan berkaitan promosi atau cabutan bertuah, insentif dan/atau ganjaran.
Sehubungan dengan data kaji selidik anda, RN atau klien mungkin mengaitkan sifat demografi tertentu kepada anda. RN mungkin berkongsi dengan pihak ketiga termasuk tetapi tidak terhad kepada klien, data geografi dan/atau demografi yang dikumpul oleh RN daripada anda semasa pendaftaran atau melalui soalan profil khusus yang mungkin ditanya oleh RN kepada anda. Data itu boleh dikongsi dengan pihak ketiga pada peringkat responden individu atau dalam bentuk ringkasan agregat (iaitu sekumpulan responden). Jika anda secara sukarela mendedahkan data peribadi berkaitan maklum balas serta data kaji selidik anda dan RN mengumpulkan maklum balas dan data kaji selidik itu, RN akan memindahkan maklum balas dan data kaji selidik, UID dan data peribadi yang didedahkan secara sukarela kepada klien RN yang berkaitan.
Bagaimanakah saya boleh menarik diri daripada penggunaan dan/atau pengumpulan data?
Ada beberapa pilihan untuk menarik diri bagi pengguna Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan.
Anda boleh menghentikan pengumpulan data peribadi dan maklumat lain oleh Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dengan membuang pemasangan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dan/atau menamatkan penyertaan anda dalam panel. Anda boleh menggunakan proses nyahpasang standard yang disediakan sebagai sebahagian daripada peranti mudah alih anda atau melalui rangkaian atau kedai aplikasi dan/atau anda boleh membatalkan akaun ahli panel anda di Laman panel. Sila ambil perhatian bahawa sekiranya anda memadam Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan tetapi mengekalkan profil dengan salah satu laman web RN, kami masih boleh mengumpul data peribadi dan data lain daripada anda melalui laman kami. Membuang pemasangan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan tidak akan memadam semua maklumat yang dikumpul oleh RN sebelum Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dibuang. Untuk memadamkan maklumat yang dikumpulkan oleh RN, sila hubungi RN seperti yang dinyatakan di bawah.
Enam bulan selepas akaun anda tamat, akaun anda tidak aktif dan/atau tarikh anda membuang pemasangan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan, RN boleh memindahkan PII anda kepada broker data pihak ketiga dan/atau platform pengurusan data bagi tujuan pemasaran semula/penggunaan semula oleh pihak ketiga itu. Jika anda tidak mahu PII anda digunakan untuk Aktiviti Bukan Penyelidikan dan/atau jika anda tidak bersetuju RN berkongsi PII anda dengan pihak ketiga selepas akaun anda tamat dan/atau pembuangan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dari peranti anda, sila hubungi kami di privacy@surveysampling.com
Bagi menarik diri daripada data lokasi iOS
Anda boleh menarik diri daripada mengaktifkan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan untuk mengakses data lokasi anda pada bila-bila masa dengan:
• Menyentuh atau memilih ikon tetapan bagi peranti;
• Setelah berada dalam ikon tetapan, sentuh atau pilih Perkhidmatan Lokasi; dan
• Setelah berada dalam Perkhidmatan Lokasi, anda boleh menggunakan butang lungsur individu bagi Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan untuk mematikan perkhidmatan lokasi.
Nota: Jika anda mematikan Perkhidmatan Lokasi, anda akan diminta mengaktifkan Perkhidmatan Lokasi apabila anda cuba menggunakan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan ini pada masa akan datang.
Bagi menarik diri daripada data lokasi Android
Anda boleh menarik diri daripada mengaktifkan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan untuk mengakses data lokasi anda pada bila-bila masa dengan:
• Menyentuh butang ABOUT di bahagian atas kanan bar navigasi
• Setelah berada dalam dialog ABOUT, anda boleh menggunakan suis togol hidup/mati Perkhidmatan Lokasi pada suis yang berlabel: “Akses lokasi saya”
Bagi menarik diri daripada pemberitahuan tolak iOS
Anda boleh menarik diri daripada pemberitahuan tolak untuk Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dengan:
• Menyentuh atau memilih ikon tetapan bagi peranti;
• Setelah berada dalam ikon tetapan, sentuh atau pilih pemberitahuan;
• Jika pemberitahuan tolak diaktifkan, sentuh atau pilih ikon bagi Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan daripada senarai ikon yang dipaparkan; dan
• Dari skrin ini, anda boleh mengubah suai tetapan pemberitahuan tolak untuk Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan.
Bagi menarik diri daripada pemberitahuan tolak Android
• Anda boleh menarik diri daripada pemberitahuan tolak untuk Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dengan:
• Mengakses Tetapan untuk peranti.
• Setelah berada dalam Aplikasi, cari aplikasi yang berkaitan (QuickThoughts atau iPoll), dan pilih aplikasi itu.
• Cari kotak semak berlabel “Tunjuk pemberitahuan” dan ubah butang togol mengikut pilihan anda.
Menarik diri daripada komunikasi e-mel
Anda boleh menarik diri daripada komunikasi e-mel dengan mengklik pautan nyahlanggan dalam mana-mana e-mel yang anda terima daripada kami atau menghubungi kami seperti yang dinyatakan di bawah.
Menarik diri daripada berkongsi data profil di platform media sosial
Anda boleh menarik diri daripada berkongsi data profil di platform media sosial. Ini boleh dilakukan dengan menukar tetapan profil/pilihan anda untuk platform media sosial berkaitan perkongsian data dengan pihak ketiga atau membuang Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan daripada profil media sosial anda.
Menarik diri daripada penggunaan pengecam pengiklanan yang ditetapkan pada peranti/telefon pintar anda
Anda boleh mengubah pengecam pengiklanan yang ditetapkan pada peranti anda pada bila-bila masa.
Menarik diri daripada rangkaian iklan
Rangkaian iklan yang mengumpul maklumat melalui Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan untuk memudahkan kaji selidik dan menyediakan pengiklanan berasaskan minat menawarkan mekanisme tarik diri yang khusus. Bagi menarik diri, ikut arahan bagi setiap rangkaian iklan di pautan yang disediakan di bawah. Jika anda menarik diri, anda tidak boleh menyertai kaji selidik kami yang melibatkan iklan dan promosi.
Rangkaian iklan Maklumat tarik diri
Admob by Google
Bolehkah saya menghentikan RN daripada menjejak aktiviti dalam talian saya?
Do Not Track (“DNT”) ialah pilihan dalam pelayar yang anda boleh tetapkan untuk memberitahu laman web yang anda layari bahawa anda tidak mahu laman web itu mengumpul maklumat mengenai anda. RN tidak bertindak balas kepada isyarat DNT. Jika anda tidak bersetuju dengan amalan RN yang berkaitan dengan isyarat DNT, anda boleh tarik diri daripada menyertai atau menggunakan perkhidmatan RN yang dinyatakan di bawah.
Sehubungan dengan program keberkesanan iklan dalam talian RN, RN membenarkan subkontraktor, rakan dan/atau klien RN untuk menggugurkan, menetapkan, dan/atau menulis Teknologi Pihak Ketiga dengan tujuan untuk memudahkan pengukuran penonton dan aktiviti kaji selidik ingat kembali iklan. RN tidak bertanggungjawab terhadap sebarang pematuhan pihak ketiga atau tindak balas kepada isyarat DNT. Untuk mempelajari lebih lanjut mengenai program keberkesanan iklan dalam talian RN, sila semak bahagian Kuki Dasar Privasi ini.
Berapa lama anda simpan data peribadi dan maklumat lain saya?
RN akan menyimpan data peribadi dan maklumat lain berkaitan penggunaan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan dan/atau Perkhidmatan selagi Aplikasi masih dipasang dan/atau Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan masih digunakan dan sehingga satu (1) tahun selepas itu atau tempoh lain sebagaimana yang dikehendaki atau dibenarkan oleh undang-undang. Enam bulan selepas anda tidak aktif menggunakan Laman panel dan/atau membuang pemasangan Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan, RN boleh memindahkan PII anda kepada broker data pihak ketiga dan/atau platform pengurusan data untuk tujuan jualan semula/penggunaan semula oleh pihak ketiga itu.
Bagaimana saya boleh mengakses data peribadi dan maklumat lain yang dikumpul oleh Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan berkenaan saya?
Anda mempunyai hak untuk menyemak semula, membetulkan dan memadam data peribadi anda, tertakluk pada undang-undang berkaitan. Anda boleh menghubungi kami dengan permintaan itu menggunakan butiran hubungan yang disediakan di bawah.
Adakah Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan mengumpul data daripada individu di bawah umur lapan belas (18) tahun?
Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan tidak direka atau tidak bertujuan untuk digunakan oleh mana-mana individu di bawah umur lapan belas (18) tahun. Kami tidak mengumpul data peribadi daripada kanak-kanak di bawah umur lapan belas (18) tahun dengan sengaja. Jika kami menyedari yang kami sudah mengumpulkan data peribadi daripada kanak-kanak di bawah umur lapan belas (18) tahun secara tidak sengaja, kami akan melaksanakan usaha komersial yang munasabah untuk memadam data peribadi itu.
Apakah keselamatan yang disediakan untuk data peribadi dan maklumat lain yang dikumpul melalui Aplikasi/Perkhidmatan?
RN mengekalkan tahap perlindungan teknikal, pentadbiran, dan fizikal yang wajar untuk melindungi data peribadi dan maklumat lain yang didedahkan atau dikumpulkan oleh RN. RN mengkaji, memantau, dan menilai amalan privasi dan sistem perlindungannya dari semasa ke semasa. Walaupun dengan perlindungan yang kami laksanakan, penghantaran melalui Internet dan/atau rangkaian mudah alih tidak selamat sepenuhnya dan RN tidak menjamin keselamatan penghantaran dalam talian. RN tidak bertanggungjawab atas sebarang kesilapan yang dibuat oleh individu dalam penghantaran data peribadi kepada RN.
Siapakah yang boleh saya hubungi jika ada soalan tentang Dasar ini?
Jika anda ingin:
– mengemukakan permohonan tarik diri kepada RN;
– meminta akses atau membetulkan, menyekat atau memadam data peribadi anda;
– membuat aduan mengenai amalan privasi kami;
– menarik diri daripada penggunaan khusus PII anda;
atau mempunyai sebarang soalan mengenai amalan privasi RN dan/atau dasar ini, sila hubungi kami melalui e-mel privacy@surveysampling.com
Jabatan Undang-undang RN bertanggungjawab atas pematuhan RN terhadap Dasar ini.
Adakah mana-mana syarikat dalam Kumpulan RN yang boleh mengumpul, menyimpan dan memproses PII?
Ya, sila lihat senarai syarikat di bawah:
Syarikat Alamat Pejabat
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Política de Privacidade
A seguir apresentamos o Research Now Group, Inc. para os residentes do Brasil e a política do Research Now Group Limited, com endereço registrado em 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF, em seu nome e em nome de todos os membros da família corporativa Research Now Group, incluindo todas as afiliadas da Survey Sampling International, LLC, listadas globalmente abaixo (coletivamente, “RN”). Todas essas entidades, globalmente, terão acesso aos dados pessoais coletados de acordo com esta política e poderão acessar e/ou armazenar esses dados fora do seu país de residência, inclusive nos Estados Unidos.
Primeira data de entrada em vigor: 24 de fevereiro de 2000
Esta versão: Em vigor a partir de 7 de maio de 2018
A seguir é apresentada a Política de Privacidade para as comunidades, sites e/ou aplicativos móveis do painel on-line da RN (coletivamente “Aplicativos/Serviços”) que são oferecidos pela RN.
Esta Política de Privacidade define a coleta, uso e divulgação de dados pessoais ou informações individuais identificáveis (Personally Identifiable Information, “PII”) e outras informações por parte da RN em conexão com os Serviços da RN, conforme definido neste documento, e outras atividades da RN e de terceiros, conforme definido neste documento (“Atividades Não Associadas a Pesquisa”). Os Serviços da RN oferecem a você a oportunidade de participar de um painel e de pesquisas administradas pela RN ou terceiros (seja como membro ou não do painel), utilizar os sites associados aos painéis, usar os Aplicativos/Serviços associados aos painéis e receber e resgatar recompensas e incentivos, incluindo, entre outros, participação em sorteios oferecidos em associação com a filiação ao painel e/ou conclusão de pesquisas (coletivamente, “Serviços”). Atividades não associadas a pesquisa incluem, entre outras, comercialização dos serviços da RN e/ou comercialização dos serviços de terceiros a você e/ou compartilhamento individual e/ou agregado de dados do perfil com terceiros para o desenvolvimento de percepções de marketing e/ou modelos de público/semelhantes. As Atividades não associadas a pesquisa estão descritas em mais detalhes nesta Política de Privacidade.
A sua utilização dos Aplicativos/Serviços da RN é completamente voluntária e, portanto, o processamento de suas PII por parte da RN em associação com os Aplicativos/Serviços e às Atividades não associadas a pesquisa e esta Política de Privacidade acontece com o seu consentimento.
As pesquisas administradas por terceiros e os dados coletados em relação a elas não estão sujeitos a esta Política de Privacidade. A inscrição, o uso e o acesso aos Serviços da RN estão sujeitos aos Termos e Condições da RN. Na maioria dos casos, a RN não é a patrocinadora da pesquisa e do instrumento da pesquisa, e os resultados ou dados da pesquisa são e continuarão a ser de propriedade do patrocinador da pesquisa.
Todas as referências a “RN” nesta Política de Privacidade incluem a RN e sua matriz, empresas subsidiárias e sociedades coligadas. Todas as referências a “nós” ou “nos” se referem à RN. Todas as PII são armazenadas em servidores situados nos Estados Unidos, onde estão os servidores da RN, acessíveis globalmente aos funcionários e/ou agentes da RN. Para os fins desta política, “entrevistado” significa qualquer pessoa que participe nos Serviços da RN, incluindo a coleta passiva de dados e/ou que participe nas Atividades não associadas a pesquisa descritas neste documento. Para os fins desta política, “on-line” inclui navegação na Web em dispositivos móveis.
Que tipos de dados pessoais e outras informações são coletadas por meio dos Aplicativos/Serviços, e como são usadas?
A RN coleta informações individuais identificáveis (“PII”) de participantes em pesquisas durante e após a inscrição num painel, incluindo, entre outras, durante a participação numa pesquisa e em associação ao recebimento e resgate de recompensas e incentivos, e/ou durante o processo de inscrição e download dos Aplicativos/Serviços. O sistema solicitará que você forneça algumas PII e informações demográficas, incluindo, entre outras, seu nome, endereço(s), número(s) de telefone (incluindo os números de telefone residencial, celular e/ou comercial), endereço(s) de e-mail, data de nascimento e profissão/formação, o número exclusivo de identificação de membro do painel/entrevistado que será atribuído ao se inscrever para uma conta (individualmente, um “UID”, e coletivamente, “UIDs”) (Unique Identification Number, UID), e informações étnicas e de sexo. Além da coleta das PII mencionadas acima, durante e após o processo de inscrição, poderá ser solicitado que você forneça ou declare voluntariamente Dados Confidenciais. O termo “Dados Confidenciais” indica PII que divulgue ou revele condições de saúde ou quadro clínico, orientação sexual ou vida sexual, opiniões/pontos de vista políticos, origem racial/étnica, crenças religiosas e filosóficas e afiliações sindicais. Os Dados Confidenciais são utilizados para identificar oportunidades de pesquisa para você, e para outros fins, conforme definido nesta Política de Privacidade.
A RN coleta PII, Dados Confidenciais e informações demográficas de membros de fora do painel antes e durante a participação em uma pesquisa.
A RN oferece a seus clientes e/ou parceiros de publicidade informações sobre seu dispositivo, incluindo, entre outras, o IDFA ou ID de anúncio do seu dispositivo, e interações com os Aplicativos/Serviços, com o seu consentimento. A RN, clientes e/ou parceiros de anúncio podem usar estas informações para facilitar pesquisas da RN, para o marketing de produtos e serviços da RN para você, para publicidade não associada aos seus interesses, para associar seu dispositivo a dados adicionais sobre você e/ou seu dispositivo disponíveis em plataformas de gerenciamento de dados de terceiros e/ou para validar algumas informações que você forneça sobre si mesmo e/ou seu dispositivo. Clique aqui para saber mais sobre alguns dos nossos parceiros de anúncio, incluindo sobre como cancelar o recebimento de publicidade.
Informações adicionais fornecidas.
Você pode enviar, carregar ou transmitir conteúdo ou material, incluindo, entre outros, fotos, vídeos e/ou qualquer outro conteúdo ou material semelhante ou associado, que pode incluir suas PII (“Conteúdo do Usuário”), por exemplo, ao responder pesquisas. As PII incluídas no Conteúdo do Usuário serão coletadas, usadas e divulgadas conforme definido nesta Política de Privacidade. O Conteúdo do Usuário não incluirá áudio, vídeo, imagens ou conteúdo semelhante de qualquer outra pessoa que não seja você.
Informações coletadas por métodos automatizados:
Os Aplicativos/Serviços também coletam algumas informações automaticamente, como informações sobre o seu dispositivo e capacidades do dispositivo, incluindo, entre outras, o sistema operacional, outros aplicativos no seu dispositivo, endereço IP, operadora do dispositivo, tipo de dispositivo, fuso horário, status da rede, tipo de navegador, identificador do navegador, número individual de identificação do dispositivo (como identificadores para análises ou publicidade), ID de usuário da operadora (um número alocado exclusivamente para você pela operadora de rede), endereço de controle de acesso de mídia (Media Access Control, MAC), identificação internacional do equipamento móvel (International Mobile Equipment Identity, IMEI), localização e outras informações que sozinhas ou combinadas podem ser utilizadas para identificar o seu dispositivo de forma única. Exemplos específicos destes dados e da tecnologia utilizada para coleta estão descritos a seguir:
Dados de geolocalização. Os Aplicativos/Serviços solicitarão sua permissão para obter informações de geolocalização do dispositivo móvel e tais informações podem ser fornecidas pelos Aplicativos/Serviços a qualquer momento, com os Aplicativos/Serviços abertos ou não. Se você consentir com o compartilhamento de seus dados de geolocalização, além das utilizações descritas em “Uso das informações por parte da RN” abaixo, a RN também usará suas informações de localização para oferecer a você a opção de participar em pesquisas e pesquisas de mercado com base em localização e/ou compartilhar tais dados de geolocalização com clientes terceiros para demonstração de alguns padrões de localização e/ou tráfego dos participantes dos Aplicativos/Serviços. Além disso, a RN poderá compartilhar seus dados de geolocalização com fornecedores terceirizados para identificar endereços comerciais perto da sua localização, como lojas ou restaurantes. Para saber mais sobre tais fornecedores, acesse https://www.placed.com para obter uma descrição dos serviços fornecidos e como os dados de geolocalização são usados, incluindo o uso de tais dados pelo fornecedor para publicidade baseada em localização.
Dados de geolocalização também podem ser usados por redes de anúncio para oferecer a você publicidade baseada em localização. O uso dos dados pelas redes de anúncios, e como cancelar a assinatura, está descrito em mais detalhes abaixo.
Se você não quiser mais compartilhar seus dados de geolocalização por meio do seu dispositivo, altere as configurações de privacidade para os Aplicativos/Serviços no seu dispositivo.
Aplicativos/Serviços e funcionalidade. A RN poderá solicitar acesso a alguns aplicativos e/ou funcionalidades disponíveis em seu dispositivo, ou por meio dele, para usar em conexão com os Aplicativos/Serviços e os Serviços. O acesso será solicitado por notificações por push ou outros alertas e será permitido apenas com o seu consentimento. Se você consentir, poderá cancelar o acesso em outro momento, alterando as configurações no dispositivo.
Informações sobre rede social. Também poderá ser dada a você a oportunidade de acessar os Aplicativos/Serviços por meio de plataformas de rede social de terceiros. Caso você selecione tal opção, a RN poderá coletar algumas informações do perfil armazenadas na conta da sua plataforma de rede social.
Cookies e tecnologia semelhante. Cookies são pequenos arquivos que armazenam alguns dados num dispositivo. Os cookies de sessão expiram quando você fecha o seu navegador. Os cookies persistentes permanecem no seu dispositivo até que sejam excluídos ou ao alcançar uma data de validade definida. É possível configurar o navegador para notificar quando você recebe um cookie. Dados geográficos e demográficos adicionais, como os Dados de Medição de Público (conforme definido abaixo), podem ser compartilhados com terceiros e associados a um cookie colocado em seu dispositivo.
Cookies originais e de terceiros e outras tecnologias semelhantes ou associadas e identificadores de dispositivo (por ex., IDFAs, AAIDs, etc.) poderão ser posicionados, gravados, definidos e/ou lidos para diversos fins, incluindo, entre outros, para oferecer uma melhor experiência de pesquisa, controle de qualidade, validação, para permitir ou facilitar a participação na pesquisa, rastreamento de pesquisas realizadas ou outras ações concluídas, para detecção e/ou prevenção de fraude, pesquisa de eficácia de anúncios on-line, medição de público e rastreio de sites, para desenvolver percepções de público e/ou modelos semelhantes em relação a campanhas de marketing, e para direcionar anúncios e outro conteúdo a pessoas, sujeito ao seu consentimento e conforme exigido pela lei aplicável. Entretanto, para alguns cookies e/ou tecnologias semelhantes ou associadas, se você decidir não aceitar cookies não poderá usar os Aplicativos/Serviços.
Cookies estão descritos em mais detalhes aqui:
Básico
Nome do cookie Finalidade
PHPSESSID
RVIDExtId
__EC_TEST__
dkp___id
DubKnowledgeRouting
sfcRelevantId
thx_guid
ThreatMetrix
Análise
Para cancelar, acesse https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
ANÁLISE E PERSONALIZAÇÃO Opção de cancelamento dada ao acessar o site https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Google Analytics
As instruções de cancelamento de publicidade
estão descritas em cada link descrito abaixo.
Fornecedor Validade do cookie Finalidade Link para cancelamento
Accordant
Cancelamento
Dart
Cancelamento
Cancelamento
Drawbridge
Cancelamento
Semasio
Cancelamento
SEUNCY
Cancelamento
Lotame
90 dias
Medição do envolvimento com o conteúdo de vídeo para entender melhor como públicos diferentes consomem conteúdos de vídeo.
Cancelamento
MediaMath
Cancelamento
iSpot
Cancelamento
Nativo
Cancelamento
Neustar
Cancelamento
Cancelamento
Comscore
Cancelamento
Cancelamento
Cancelamento
GWI
Eficácia de anúncios on-line, rastreamento de acessos a sites, desenvolvimento de grupos semelhantes on-line e percepções de público
Cancelamento
HotTraffic/DMAi
Eficácia de anúncios on-line, rastreamento de acessos a sites, desenvolvimento de grupos semelhantes on-line e percepções de público
Cancelamento
InsightExpress
Cancelamento
Nielsen
Cancelamento
Publicis
Eficácia de anúncios on-line, rastreamento de acessos a sites, desenvolvimento de grupos semelhantes on-line e percepções de público
Cancelamento
Sizmek
Cancelamento
YouTube
Arquivos de registro. Os Aplicativos/Serviços poderão coletar e armazenar automaticamente, em arquivos de registro, algumas informações, incluindo, entre outras, dados disponíveis do seu navegador, incluindo, entre outros, endereço IP, tipo de navegador, provedor de serviços de internet, páginas de referência/saída, sistema operacional, carimbo de data/hora e dados do fluxo de cliques.
Identificação digital. De modo geral, a identificação digital atribui um identificador exclusivo ao seu dispositivo com base nas configurações técnicas, características e endereço IP do seu dispositivo. A RN utiliza a tecnologia de identificação digital para fins de controle de qualidade e validação, e detecção e/ou prevenção de fraudes, incluindo, entre outros, a identificação de entrevistados fraudulentos ou duplicados. A RN poderá implementar e utilizar a identificação digital diretamente ou por meio de um fornecedor terceirizado com o seu consentimento, conforme exigido pela lei aplicável.
Identificação com marca d’água. De modo geral, a identificação com marca d’água envolve o posicionamento de uma tecnologia ou arquivo em seu dispositivo para identificar se este já foi utilizado anteriormente para se inscrever ou acessar os Aplicativos/Serviços ou os Serviços. A identificação com marca d’água é utilizada para fins de controle de qualidade e validação, e para detecção e/ou prevenção de fraudes. A RN poderá executar atividades de marca d’água diretamente ou por meio de um fornecedor terceirizado com o seu consentimento, conforme exigido pela lei aplicável. Em alguns casos, poderemos usar as informações coletadas por métodos automatizados com outras informações, para reconhecer usuários (ou domicílios) entre plataformas ou dispositivos, como smartphones, computadores, tablets ou navegadores associados, para as finalidades descritas nesta Política de Privacidade.
Informações coletadas de terceiros
A RN poderá obter PII, informações de comportamento e/ou demográficas de terceiros, incluindo, entre outros, plataformas de gerenciamento de dados, redes de anúncios, escritórios de serviços de informações, outros fornecedores de amostras e/ou plataformas de rede social. A RN poderá utilizar as PII, informações de comportamento e/ou demográficas recebidas de terceiros para diversas finalidades, incluindo, entre outras, validação de dados, anexação de dados, desenvolvimento de percepções de marketing e modelos semelhantes, para fins de detecção de fraude e/ou para enviar um e-mail único para convidar você a participar numa pesquisa e/ou juntar-se a um Painel. Além disso, dados de geolocalização, incluindo informações associadas a lojas a varejo e outras empresas comerciais que você possa acessar com o recurso de geolocalização habilitado, podem ser anexados ao seu perfil no painel e/ou compartilhados com os clientes da RN se você tiver optado por ativar os serviços de geolocalização.
Como a RN usa as informações coletadas?
Uso das informações por parte da RN:
Além das finalidades descritas acima, a RN utiliza dados pessoais coletados por meio dos Aplicativos/Serviços da seguinte maneira:(i) para comunicar-se com você em relação à sua filiação num painel de pesquisa de propriedade da RN; (ii) para comunicar-se com você sobre a sua participação numa pesquisa; (iii) para adaptar oportunidades de pesquisas e fazer com que anúncios sejam exibidos a você fora dos Aplicativos/Serviços para fins de facilitar a conclusão de pesquisas de recordação de anúncio; (iv) para lhe enviar notificações de oportunidades de pesquisa; (v) para cumprir com toda e qualquer obrigação legal, incluindo, entre outras, obrigações tributárias; (vi) para administrar e gerenciar os programas de recompensas e incentivos da RN e atender às suas solicitações de recompensas e incentivos; (vii) para facilitar a sua participação em sorteios e promoções da RN e comunicar-se com você em relação a tais participações; (viii) para atualizar os registros da RN; (ix) para cumprir com qualquer obrigação ou exigência de supressão de dados; (x) para fins de detecção e/ou prevenção de fraudes; (xi) para vincular o seu dispositivo e/ou perfil a informações adicionais disponíveis sobre você e/ou seu dispositivo disponível em plataformas de gerenciamento de dados (Data Management Plataforms, “DMPs”); (xii) para comercialização de produtos/serviços da RN; (xiii) para permitir que terceiros comercializem seus produtos/serviços a você; (xiv) para permitir que a RN ou terceiros desenvolvam percepções de marketing e/ou modelos de público/semelhantes; (xv) para validar as informações de perfil fornecidas por você; e/ou (xvi) conforme permitido de qualquer outra forma e de acordo com esta Política ou autorizado por você. A RN poderá usar as informações coletadas no contexto dos Aplicativos/Serviços em relação a outros painéis de pesquisa que a RN administre e/ou em relação às Atividades não associadas a pesquisa. No que diz respeito ao vínculo de dados dos Aplicativos/Serviços a dados de DMP terceirizadas, a RN usa tais dados e/ou permite que clientes da RN e/ou DMPs usem tais dados para lhe enviar oportunidades de pesquisa, para medir a eficácia da publicidade (conforme descrito em mais detalhes abaixo), para segmentar públicos, para desenvolver campanhas publicitárias usando grupos “semelhantes” com base em dados de terceiros e de pesquisas; e/ou para comercializar os produtos/serviços de tais terceiros.
Redirecionamento. A RN poderá, ocasionalmente, contratar um terceiro ou terceiros para exibir anúncios num site da RN ou gerenciar a publicidade da RN em outros sites (por exemplo, em sites de rede social). Os parceiros terceirizados da RN poderão utilizar tecnologias, como cookies ou identificação de elementos de dados. Incluindo, entre outras, a sua IDFA ou ID de anúncio, para coletar informações sobre suas atividades nos sites da RN e/ou em outros sites, para:(i) fornecer a você anúncios sobre a RN e seus serviços e/ou (ii) apoiar a RN no desenvolvimento de campanhas de marketing e de publicidade destinadas a indivíduos-alvo que tenham um perfil demográfico e social semelhante ao seu. Se a RN estiver realizando um programa de redirecionamento e você não quiser participar, cancele a participação por meio do processo de cancelamento de cookies aplicável, descrito nesta Política de Privacidade ou no aviso de cookie separado da RN, modificando sua IDFA ou ID de anúncio e/ou por meio da opção de cancelamento no próprio anúncio.
Percepções de público/grupos semelhantes. A RN e/ou terceiros poderão usar as PII coletadas de você e/ou poderão vincular as PII coletadas de você a um cookie de terceiros para desenvolver percepções de público e/ou modelos semelhantes em relação a campanhas de marketing.
Eficácia de publicidade on-line. Em relação ao programa de eficácia de anúncios on-line da RN, você poderá participar de pesquisas associadas a anúncios, promoções, campanhas e/ou sites que a RN testa para os seus clientes. Para facilitar a conclusão dessas pesquisas, os clientes da RN poderão gravar, definir ou ler cookies, objetos armazenados/compartilhados localmente, cookies em flash e/ou qualquer outra tecnologia relacionada (cada uma, “Tecnologia de terceiros”, e coletivamente as “Tecnologias de terceiros”). As Tecnologias de terceiros poderão ser gravadas, definidas ou lidas em diversos locais, incluindo, entre outros, servidores ou sistemas da RN. Caso você participe, o seu UID será armazenado na Tecnologia de terceiros para permitir que você receba novo contato sobre o anúncio ou promoção on-line e o cliente da RN utilizará a tecnologia de terceiros para determinar se você visualizou, clicou ou interagiu de alguma forma com o anúncio ou promoção on-line. Caso você tenha interagido com o anúncio ou promoção on-line, o cliente da RN enviará o seu UID e a pesquisa específica à RN e a RN oferecerá a você a oportunidade de concluir a pesquisa.
Dados de Medição de Público. Além da utilização e compartilhamento dos Dados de Medição de Público (conforme definido abaixo) em relação a pesquisas de eficácia de publicidade on-line, como a pesquisa descrita acima, a RN poderá compartilhar o seu UID e os dados coletados anteriormente pela RN, incluindo, entre outros, idade, sexo, renda, número de pessoas no domicílio, grau de instrução/formação e situação empregatícia (“Dados de Medição de Público”), com terceiros, incluindo, entre outros, subcontratados, parceiros e/ou clientes da RN para fins de emissão de relatórios de medição de público em relação ao conteúdo, anúncios, campanhas e sites que você acessa, visualiza e/ou clica. Os Dados de Medição de Público serão utilizados em relação a pesquisas de eficácia de publicidade on-line, e para auxiliar na criação, desenvolvimento e implementação de sites, anúncios on-line e outros recursos de internet e mídia digital, bem como funcionalidades e campanhas. Os Dados de Medição de Público poderão ser compartilhados com terceiros como resumo individual (por ex., em nível de entrevistado individual) ou como resumo agregado (por ex., um grupo de entrevistados).
Como os anunciantes/redes de anúncios usam minhas informações?
Uso das informações por parte de parceiros de anúncio.
É possível usar os Aplicativos/Serviços para participar em pesquisas, incluindo, entre outras, pesquisas associadas a anúncios e promoções específicas que a RN testa para seus clientes corporativos. Esses anúncios ou promoções poderão ser exibidos em diversos locais, incluindo, entre outros, em aplicativos móveis que não são da RN (por exemplo, num aplicativo de jogo), ao qual a RN, posteriormente, fornecerá o acesso à você, ou entrará em contato com você para realização de uma pesquisa sobre o anúncio ou promoção que você visualizou. Para facilitar a realização de pesquisas sobre anúncios ou promoções, a RN fechou parceria com empresas de anúncio que oferecem, medem ou facilitam anúncios, incluindo, entre outros, em muitos outros aplicativos móveis. Os Aplicativos/Serviços oferecerem a estas redes de anúncio o UID, o identificador exclusivo do seu dispositivo, e diversos ou todos os outros tipos de informações descritos na seção “Informações coletadas por métodos automatizados” acima (incluindo sua geolocalização contínua, se o seu dispositivo permitir a coleta da geolocalização). Quando você usar um aplicativo móvel em parceria com uma das empresas de anúncio, a empresa poderá usar o identificador exclusivo do seu dispositivo ou outra informação coletada automaticamente para reconhecer o seu dispositivo. Depois, a empresa de anúncio poderá mostrar a você um anúncio ou promoção que a RN está testando para um dos nossos clientes corporativos. A empresa de anúncio poderá, então, informar à RN que o dispositivo associado ao seu UID acaba de receber um anúncio ou promoção, o que permite a RN oferecer a você acesso a, ou entrar em contato com você para realização de uma pesquisa sobre o anúncio ou promoção. Com o seu consentimento, as empresas de anúncio também usam as informações coletadas sobre o seu dispositivo e suas interações com os Aplicativos/Serviços e outros aplicativos móveis para oferecer a você outros anúncios no aplicativo adaptados aos seus interesses e para outras finalidades. Para saber mais sobre algumas destas empresas de anúncio, incluindo sobre como cancelar o recebimento, acesse o seguinte link:
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
https://www.nielsen-online.com/corp.jsp?section=leg_prs&nav=1
Quais comunicações receberei por meio dos Aplicativos/Serviços ou em relação aos Serviços?
A RN poderá entrar em contato com você para participar em pesquisas mediante notificações “push” ou mensagens de texto/SMS, se você concordar expressamente em receber tais comunicações.
Além disso, a RN e/ou seus agentes ou fornecedores em nome da RN enviarão comunicações por e-mail em relação a convites para pesquisas, participações em pesquisas, informações de recompensas ou incentivos, consultas e resgates, boletim informativo, notificações que precisem ser enviadas de acordo com este documento ou exigidas por lei, participação em promoções ou sorteios, aviso por ter sido vencedor num sorteio ou promoção, e para responder consultas enviadas por você.
Caso você forneça seu número de telefone à RN, a empresa, e seus respectivos clientes e/ou subcontratados também poderão entrar em contato com você por telefone em relação à sua conta, incluindo, entre outros:(i) pesquisas nas quais tenha participado ou esteja participando; (ii) informações, consultas e resgate de recompensas ou incentivos; (iii) participação em sorteios ou promoções e entrega de prêmios; (iv) responder a consultas enviadas por você; (v) notificações nos termos desta Política de Privacidade; (vi) convites para outras pesquisas e/ou oportunidades e/ou (vii) para validar as informações de perfil fornecidas por você.
A RN compartilha dados pessoais e outras informações coletadas por meio dos Aplicativos/Serviços com terceiros?
De acordo com a lei aplicável, a RN pode divulgar ou transferir dados pessoais e outras informações coletadas por meio dos Aplicativos/Serviços para terceiros da seguinte maneira:
(i) com o seu consentimento;
(ii) em resposta a uma intimação ou ordem de um tribunal ou agência governamental;
(iii) para estabelecimento, aplicação ou defesa de processos legais de uma pessoa ou da RN, incluindo para proteger a segurança de uma pessoa ou dos direitos e/ou propriedade da RN;
(iv) entre vários painéis da RN, se você se inscrever em mais de um painel da RN;
(v) para a matriz, uma subsidiária ou sociedade coligada da RN:(1) em caso de reorganização ou reestruturação; ou (2) para uso e processamento de acordo com esta Política ou conforme autorizado por você;
(vi) para agentes autorizados e/ou subcontratados da RN e/ou dos clientes da RN que prestem serviços, incluindo, entre outros, serviços de anexação de dados, serviços de validação de dados, serviços de prevenção e/ou detecção de fraude, serviços de alinhamento de banco de dados, serviços de codificação e serviços associados a recompensas, incentivos e sorteios;
(vii) para um cliente para utilização associada a pesquisas de mercado limitadas incluindo, entre outras, modelagem, validação, anexação de dados, segmentação de banco de dados e resgate, entrega e/ou participação em recompensas, incentivos ou sorteios;
(viii) em relação a uma alteração de propriedade ou controle, incluindo, entre outras, uma fusão ou uma aquisição de qualquer ou todos os ativos da RN, contanto que a parte receptora ou adquirente dos dados pessoais concorde em utilizar, proteger e manter a segurança, integridade e confidencialidade dos dados pessoais de acordo com esta Política;
(ix) para um cliente ou para o consumidor do cliente, se a RN ou um terceiro acreditar que você infringiu ou pode infringir os direitos de propriedade intelectual de um terceiro;
(x) para um cliente ou para o consumidor do cliente, se a RN ou um terceiro acreditar que você violou os Termos de serviço;
(xi) para um terceiro, que inclui clientes de pesquisa e terceiros da RN envolvidos em Atividades não associadas a pesquisa para permitir que o terceiro desenvolva campanhas de marketing, percepções de público e modelos semelhantes e/ou para comercialização dos produtos/serviços do terceiro; e
(xii) conforme permitido de qualquer outra forma de acordo com essa Política.
Além do acima mencionado, se você se inscrever por meio de um terceiro com quem a RN tenha uma relação contratual e/ou por um e-mail enviado por uma empresa terceirizada propondo que você participe dos nossos Aplicativos/Serviços (coletivamente, “Parceiro de programa”), a RN poderá compartilhar informações de inscrição selecionadas com o Parceiro de programa que convidou você para o programa, que poderão incluir seu nome completo, código postal e e-mail. Você reconhece que nosso Parceiro de programa poderá coletar, usar e divulgar essas informações de acordo com sua própria política de privacidade. Observe que a RN não será responsável e não será responsabilizada pelas ações do nosso Parceiro de programa em relação às suas informações ou quanto às práticas de privacidade de qualquer Parceiro de programa quando você tratar diretamente com ele.
Observe que a RN poderá permitir que um cliente colete PII diretamente dos entrevistados. A divulgação é voluntária e, antes da coleta, é necessário que o cliente celebre um contrato por escrito com a RN, o qual, entre outras coisas, limita a utilização das PII.
A RN poderá licenciar algumas PII a terceiros (por ex., corretores de dados, agregadores de dados, etc.) para suas próprias Finalidades Não Associadas a Pesquisa, incluindo, entre outras, o licenciamento de dados individuais e/ou agregados (por ex., atividade de utilização ou compra de produtos e/ou serviços, atividade de rede social, dados de acesso a sites, histórico de pesquisa na internet, etc.) para o desenvolvimento de percepções de público e/ou modelos semelhantes, para a finalidade de venda de tais dados para os clientes/consumidores do terceiro, para a realização de análises e fornecimento de informações de marketing e/ou para permitir que tais terceiros comercializem seus produtos/serviços para você.
Além disso, UIDs e informações coletadas por meios automatizados são fornecidas a terceiros, incluindo, entre outros, clientes, parceiros, agentes e/ou fornecedores para fins de identificação de entrevistados para novo contato para pesquisas ou comunicações, prevenção e/ou detecção de fraudes, alinhamento de banco de dados, validação de dados, anexação de dados, codificação, segmentação de dados e serviços associados com recompensas, incentivos e/ou sorteios ou promoções.
Em relação aos seus dados de pesquisa, a RN ou o cliente poderá associar alguns atributos demográficos a você. A RN poderá compartilhar com terceiros, incluindo, entre outros, clientes, os dados geográficos e/ou demográficos que a RN coleta de você durante a inscrição ou por meio de algumas perguntas de perfil que a RN possa fazer. Tais dados poderão ser compartilhados com terceiros em nível de entrevistado individual ou como resumo agregado (ou seja, um grupo de entrevistados). Se você divulgar voluntariamente dados pessoais em relação às suas respostas e dados da pesquisa, e a RN coletar as respostas e dados da pesquisa, a RN transferirá as respostas e dados da pesquisa, UID e os dados pessoais divulgados voluntariamente ao respectivo cliente da RN.
Como posso cancelar a coleta e/ou uso de alguns dados?
Existem diversas opções de cancelamento para usuários dos Aplicativos/Serviços.
É possível parar a coleta de todos os dados pessoais e outras informações pelos Aplicativos/Serviços ao desinstalar os Aplicativos/Serviços e/ou sair do painel. É possível usar os processos de desinstalação padrão disponibilizados como parte do seu dispositivo móvel ou por meio do mercado ou rede do aplicativo móvel e/ou você pode cancelar a conta de membro no site do painel. Observe que se você excluir os Aplicativos/Serviços, mas manter um perfil num dos sites da RN, ainda poderemos coletar dados pessoais e outros dados seus através do nosso site. Desinstalar os Aplicativos/Serviços não excluirá todas as informações coletadas pela RN antes de desinstalar os Aplicativos/Serviços. Para excluir todas as informações coletadas pela RN, entre em contato com a RN conforme definido abaixo.
Seis meses após o cancelamento da sua conta, inatividade da conta e/ou data da desinstalação dos Aplicativos/Serviços, a RN poderá transferir suas PII para uma plataforma de gerenciamento de dados e/ou corretor de dados terceirizado para fins de revenda/reutilização por tal terceiro. Se não quiser que as suas PII sejam usadas para Atividades não associadas a pesquisa e/ou se você não consentir com o compartilhamento das suas PII pela RN com terceiros após o cancelamento da sua conta e/ou remoção dos Aplicativos/Serviços do seu dispositivo, envie uma mensagem para privacy@surveysampling.com
Para cancelamento de dados de localização em dispositivos iOS
A qualquer momento, você pode cancelar a permissão de acesso aos seus dados de localização pelos Aplicativos/Serviços da seguinte forma:
• toque ou selecione o ícone Configurações do dispositivo;
• quando estiver no ícone Configurações, toque ou selecione os Serviços de Localização; e
• quando estiver nos Serviços de Localização, use o controle deslizante individual dos Aplicativos/Serviços para desativar os serviços de localização.
Observação: se desativar os Serviços de Localização, o sistema solicitará que ative os Serviços de localização da próxima vez que os Aplicativos/Serviços tentarem usar este recurso.
Para cancelamento de dados de localização em dispositivos Android
A qualquer momento, você pode cancelar a permissão de acesso aos seus dados de localização pelos Aplicativos/Serviços da seguinte forma:
• toque no botão SOBRE no canto superior direito da barra de navegação
• quando estiver no diálogo SOBRE, pode ativar/desativar os Serviços de localização na seguinte chave:“Acesso à minha localização”
Para cancelamento de notificações por push em dispositivos iOS
É possível cancelar o recebimento de notificações por push dos Aplicativos/Serviços da seguinte maneira:
• toque ou selecione o ícone Configurações do dispositivo;
• quando estiver no ícone Configurações, toque ou selecione Notificações;
• se a opção de notificações por push estiver ativa, haverá uma lista de ícones; toque ou selecione o ícone dos Aplicativos/Serviços desejados;
• nessa tela, será possível modificar as definições de notificações por push dos Aplicativos/Serviços.
Para cancelamento de notificações por push em dispositivos Android
• É possível cancelar o recebimento de notificações por push dos Aplicativos/Serviços da seguinte maneira:
• Acesse as Definições do dispositivo.
• Nas Definições, encontre a configuração Aplicativos (Apps).
• Em Aplicativos, encontre o aplicativo pertinente (QuickThoughts ou iPoll), e selecione-o.
• Encontre a caixa de seleção “Mostrar notificações” e alterne com base nas suas preferências.
Cancelar o recebimento de comunicações por e-mail
Para cancelar o recebimento de comunicações por e-mail, clique no link de cancelamento em qualquer e-mail recebido ou entre em contato conosco conforme descrito abaixo.
Cancelar o compartilhamento de dados do perfil da plataforma de rede social
Você pode cancelar o compartilhamento dos dados do perfil da plataforma de rede social alterando suas preferências/definições do perfil na plataforma de rede social associada ao compartilhamento de dados com terceiros, ou removendo os Aplicativos/Serviços do perfil da rede social.
Cancelar o uso do identificador de anúncio atribuído ao seu smartphone/dispositivo
É possível alterar o identificador de anúncio atribuído ao seu dispositivo, a qualquer momento.
Cancelar conexão à rede de anúncio
As redes de anúncio que coletam informações pelos Aplicativos/Serviços para usar na facilitação de pesquisas e no fornecimento de publicidade com base em interesses oferecem alguns mecanismos de cancelamento. Para cancelar, siga as instruções de cada rede de anúncio nos links descritos abaixo. Se cancelar, você não poderá participar em nossas pesquisas sobre anúncios e promoções.
Rede de anúncio Informação de cancelamento
Admob by Google
Posso impedir que a RN rastreie minha atividade on-line?
Não rastrear (Do Not Track, “DNT”) é uma preferência em seu navegador que você pode definir para informar aos sites que acessa que não quer que os sites coletem informações a seu respeito. A RN não responde a sinais de DNT. Se você se opõe à prática da RN com relação a sinais de DNT, você pode optar pela não participação ou utilização dos serviços da RN, conforme descrito abaixo.
Em associação ao programa de eficácia de anúncios on-line da RN, a RN permite que subcontratados, parceiros e/ou clientes da RN utilizem, definam e/ou gravem Tecnologias de terceiros com a finalidade de facilitar atividades de medição de público e pesquisa de recordação de anúncio. A RN não é responsável pela conformidade de qualquer terceiro com ou em resposta a sinais de DNT. Para saber mais sobre o programa de eficácia de anúncios on-line da RN, consulte a seção de cookies desta Política de Privacidade.
Por quanto tempo a RN mantém meus dados pessoais e outras informações?
A RN preservará dados pessoais e outras informações associadas com a sua utilização dos Aplicativos/Serviços e/ou Serviços enquanto tiver os Aplicativos/Serviços instalados e/ou usar os Aplicativos/Serviços e por até 1 (um) ano após o uso ou outro período que possa ser exigido ou permitido por lei. Seis meses após a data da desinstalação dos Aplicativos/Serviços ou de inatividade nos sites do painel, a RN poderá transferir suas PII para uma plataforma de gerenciamento de dados e/ou corretor de dados terceirizado para fins de revenda/reutilização por tal terceiro.
Como posso acessar os dados pessoais e outras informações que os Aplicativos/Serviços coletaram sobre mim?
Você tem o direito de revisar, corrigir e excluir seus dados pessoais, de acordo com a lei aplicável. Caso queira exercer algum destes direitos, entre em contato conosco por meio dos dados de contato descritos abaixo.
Os Aplicativos/Serviços coletam dados de pessoas menores de 18 (dezoito) anos de idade?
Os Aplicativos/Serviços não foram desenvolvidos ou destinados para uso por uma pessoa com menos de 18 (dezoito) anos. Não coletamos, intencionalmente, dados pessoais de crianças menores de 18 (dezoito) anos e, se soubermos que coletamos inadvertidamente dados pessoais de uma criança menor de 18 (dezoito) anos, realizaremos todos os esforços comerciais razoáveis para excluir tais dados pessoais.
Que tipo de segurança está disponível para dados pessoais e outras informações coletadas por meio dos Aplicativos/Serviços?
A RN mantém um nível adequado de proteções técnicas, administrativas e físicas para proteger os dados pessoais e outras informações divulgadas ou coletadas pela RN. A RN analisa, monitora e avalia regularmente as suas práticas de privacidade e sistemas de proteção. Apesar das proteções implementadas, as transmissões feitas pela internet e/ou por uma rede móvel não são totalmente seguras e a RN não garante a segurança de transmissões on-line. A RN não é responsável por qualquer erro cometido por pessoas ao enviar dados pessoais para a RN.
Com quem posso entrar em contato se tiver dúvidas sobre esta Política?
Se desejar:
– comunicar um pedido de cancelamento à RN;
– solicitar acesso a, ou a correção, bloqueio ou exclusão de seus dados pessoais;
– fazer uma reclamação sobre nossa prática de privacidade;
– cancelar algumas maneiras como suas PII são usadas;
ou tiver qualquer dúvida sobre as práticas de privacidade da RN e/ou sobre esta Política, envie uma mensagem para privacy@surveysampling.com.
O Departamento Jurídico da RN é responsável pela conformidade da RN com esta Política.
Existe alguma empresa no Grupo RN que possa coletar, armazenar e processar PII?
Sim. Consulte a lista de empresas abaixo:
Empresa Endereço do escritório
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
นโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัว
มีผลบังคับใช้ครั้งแรก: 24 กุมภาพันธ์ 2000
ต่อไปนี้จะอธิบายโดยละเอียดชัดเจนถึงนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวสำหรับชุมชนคณะบุคคลทางออนไลน์ของ RN, เว็บไซต์ และ/หรือแอปพลิเคชันสำหรับอุปกรณ์เคลื่อนที่ (รวมเรียกว่า “แอปพลิเคชัน/บริการ”) ที่นำเสนอโดย RN
(5) ต่อบริษัทแม่ บริษัทสาขา และบริษัทในเครือของ RN: (1) ในกรณีที่มีการปรับปรุงหรือปฏิรูปโครงสร้าง หรือ (2) เพื่อการใช้และการประมวลผลที่เป็นไปตามนโยบายความเป็นส่วนตัวนี้ หรือที่ได้รับอนุญาตจากคุณ
• ทันทีที่เปิด Location Services (บริการพิกัด) คุณสามารถใช้ตัวเลื่อนเดี่ยวสำหรับแอปพลิเคชัน/บริการเพื่อปิดบริการพิกัด
สำหรับการปฏิเสธข้อมูลพิกัดสำหรับ Android
สำหรับการเลือกไม่รับการแจ้งแบบอัตโนมัติโดยไม่ต้องร้องขอสำหรับ iOS
• ค้นหากล่องใส่เครื่องหมายถูกที่ชื่อ “Show notifications (แสดงการแจ้ง)” และเปิด/ปิดตามที่ต้องการ
– ยื่นคำร้องเกี่ยวกับหลักปฏิบัติความเป็นส่วนตัวของคุณ
ใช่ โปรดดูรายชื่อบริษัทที่ด้างล่างนี้:
บริษัท ที่อยู่สำนักงาน
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Gizlilik Politikası
Aşağıda Research Now Group, Inc. mukimleri için Türkiye bulunmaktadır ve aşağıda genel şekilde sıralanan tüm Survey Sampling International, LLC iştirakleri dahil olmak üzere kendisi ve tüm Research Now Group kurum ailesinin üyeleri adına tescilli adresi 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor Londra, Birleşik Krallık EC4V 4BF olan Research Now Group Limited’in politikasıdır (beraberce “RN”).  Söz konusu kuruluşların hepsi bu politikaya göre toplanan kişisel verilere genel olarak erişime sahip olacak ve söz konusu verilere Amerika Birleşik Devletleri de dahil olmak üzere ikamet ülkenizin dışında erişebilecek ve/veya onları depolayabilecektir.
İlk Geçerlilik: 24 Şubat 2000
Bu Baskı: Geçerlilik 7 Mart 2018
Aşağıda, RN tarafından sağlanmak üzere RN çevirim içi panel toplulukları, web siteleri ve/veya mobil uygulamalar (beraberce “Uygulama/Hizmetler”) için gizlilik politikası bulunmaktadır.
Bu Gizlilik Politikası, burada belirtilen şekilde RN’nin Hizmetleri ve burada belirtilen şekilde başka RN ve üçüncü taraf etkinlikleri (“Araştırma Dışı Etkinlikler”) ile bağlantılı olarak RN tarafından kişisel verinin veya kişisel olarak tanımlanabilir bilgilerin (“PII”) ve başka bilgilerin toplanmasını, kullanılmasını ve açıklanmasını belirtmektedir. RN’nin Hizmetleri size RN veya üçüncü taraflarca uygulanan bir panelde yer alma, anketlere katılma (gerek bir panel üyesi gerek panel dışı bir üye olarak), paneller ile ilişkili web sitelerini kullanma, paneller ile ilişkili Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kullanma ve bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın panel üyeliği ve/veya anketleri doldurma ile bağlantılı olarak sağlanan çekiliş katılımları dahil olmak üzere ödüller ve teşvikler teslim alma ve bunları paraya çevirme (beraberce “Hizmetler”) fırsatı sağlar. Araştırma Dışı Faaliyetler, bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın RN’nin RN Hizmetlerini size pazarlamasını ve/veya üçüncü tarafların kendi hizmetlerini size pazarlamasını ve/veya pazarlama içgörüleri ve/veya hedef kitle/benzer modeller geliştirmek için münferit ve/veya toplu profil verilerinin üçüncü taraflar ile paylaşılmasını içerir. Araştırma Dışı Etkinlikler bu Gizlilik Politikasında daha detaylı olarak açıklanmıştır.
RN’nin Uygulamasını/Hizmetlerini kullanmanız tamamen isteğe bağlıdır ve bu nedenle, RN’nin Uygulama/Hizmetler ve Araştırma Dışı Etkinlikler ve bu Gizlilik Politikası ile bağlantılı olarak PII’nizi işlemesi sizin onayınıza bağlıdır.
Üçüncü taraflarca uygulanan anketler ve onlar ile bağlantılı olarak toplanan veriler bu Gizlilik Politikasına tabi değildir. RN Hizmetlerine kayıt yaptırmak, onları kullanmak ve onlara erişmek RN’nin Hükümlerine ve Koşullarına tabidir. Çoğu durumda RN anketin sponsoru değildir ve anket enstrümanına ve anket sonuçlarına veya anket verilerine anketin sponsoru sahip olacaktır.
Bu Gizlilik Politikasında “RN”ye yapılan tüm atıflar RN’yi ve onun ana, iştirak ve bağlı şirketlerini içerir. “Bize” veya “biz” şeklindeki tüm atıflar RN’ye atıfta bulunur. Tüm PII, RN’nin sunucularının bulunduğu ve dünyanın her yerinden RN çalışanları ve/veya temsilcileri için erişilebilir olan Amerika Birleşik Devletleri’ndeki sunucularda saklanır. Bu politikanın amaçları için, katılımcı, pasif veri toplama dahil olmak üzere RN Hizmetlerine katılan ve/veya burada açıklanan Araştırma Dışı Etkinliklere katılan herhangi bir birey anlamına gelecektir. Bu politikanın amaçları için, çevirim içi, mobil web taramasını içerecektir,
Uygulama/Hizmetler hangi kişisel verileri ve başka bilgileri toplar ve bunlar nasıl kullanılır?
RN, bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın bir ankete katılım sırasında ve ödülleri ve teşvikleri teslim alma ve paraya çevirme ile ilgili şekilde ve/veya Uygulamaya/Hizmetlere kayıt yaptırma ve bunları indirme süreci sırasında dahil olmak üzere bir panele kayıt olma sırasında ve sonrasında araştırma katılımcılarından kişisel olarak tanımlanabilen bilgiler (“PII”) toplar. Sizden bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın adınız, adres(ler)iniz, telefon numara(lar)ınız (ev, cep ve/veya iş telefon numaralarınız dahil), e-posta adresiniz, doğum tarihiniz ve mesleğiniz/eğitiminiz, bir hesap için kayıt yaptırdığınız zaman size benzersiz biçimde tahsis ettiğimiz panelist/katılımcı tanımlama numarası (tek başına “UID” ve bir arada “UID’ler”), ırk ve cinsiyet bilgileriniz dahil olmak üzere bazı PII ve demografik bilgileri vermeniz istenecektir. Yukarıda belirtilen PII’nin toplanmasına ek olarak, kayıt süreci sırasında ve sonrasında gönüllü şekilde Hassas Veriler sağlamanız veya açıklamanız istenebilir. “Hassas Veriler” sağlık ve tıbbi koşulları, cinsel yönelimi veya cinsel yaşamı, siyasi görüşleri/bakış açılarını, ırkı/etnik kökeni, dini ve felsefi inançları ve sendika üyeliğini açıklayan veya ortaya koyan PII anlamına gelir. Hassas Veriler sizin için anket fırsatları hedeflemek ve bu Gizlilik Politikasında belirtilen başka amaçlar için kullanılır.
RN, bir ankete katılımdan önce ve sırasında panel dışı üyelerden PII, Hassas Veriler ve demografik bilgiler toplar.
RN sizin onayınız üzerine kendi müşterilerine ve/veya reklam ortaklarına bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın cihazınızın IDFA veya Reklam kimliği ve Uygulama/Hizmetler ile etkileşimleri dahil olmak üzere cihazınız hakkında bilgiler sağlar. RN, müşteriler ve/veya ortaklar bu bilgileri RN anketlerini çabuklaştırmak, RN ürünlerini ve hizmetlerini size pazarlamak, ilgi alanına dayalı ilgisiz reklamlar yapmak, siz ve/veya cihazınız ile ilgili olarak üçüncü taraf veri yönetim platformlarından ve veri sağlayıcılardan/aracılarından elde edilen ilave verileri cihazınız ile ilişkilendirmek ve/veya kendiniz ve/veya cihazınız hakkında verdiğiniz belirli bilgileri doğrulamak amacı ile kullanabilir. Daha ileride nasıl tercih dışı bırakabileceğiniz de dahil olmak üzere reklam ortaklarımızın bazıları hakkında bilgi almak için buraya tıklayın.
Gönderdiğiniz ilave bilgiler.
Anketleri doldururken örneğin PII’nizi de içerebilecek şekilde bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın fotoğraflar, videolar ve/veya başka benzer veya ilgili içerik veya malzeme dahil olmak üzere içerik veya materyal (“Kullanıcı İçeriği”) gönderebilir, yükleyebilir veya iletebilirsiniz. Kullanıcı İçeriğine dahil olan PII bu Gizlilik Politikasında ortaya koyulduğu şekilde toplanacak, kullanılacak ve açıklanacaktır. Kullanıcı İçeriği sizden başka hiç kimsenin sesini, videosunu, görüntülerini veya benzerliğini içermemelidir.
Otomatik yollar ile toplanan bilgiler:
Uygulama/Hizmetler aynı zamanda, bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın cihazın işletim sistemi, cihazınızdaki diğer uygulamalar, IP adresi, cihazın ağ sağlayıcısı, cihazın tipi, zaman dilimi, ağ durumu, tarayıcı türü, tarayıcı tanımlayıcısı, benzersiz cihaz tanımlayıcı numarası (analiz veya reklam için tanımlayıcılar gibi), ağ sağlayıcı kullanıcı kimliği (ağ sağlayıcınız tarafından size benzersiz biçimde tahsis edilmiş bir numara), Medya Erişim Kontrol (MAC) adresi, Uluslararası Mobil Cihaz Kimliği ve tek başına veya birleşik halde benzersiz olarak cihazınızı tanımlamak için kullanılabilecek olan konum bilgileri ve başka bilgileri de dahil olmak üzere bazı bilgileri otomatik olarak toplar. Bu verilerin bazı örnekleri ve bunu toplayan teknoloji aşağıdadır:
Coğrafi konum verileri. Uygulama/Hizmetler mobil cihazınızdan coğrafi konum bilgileri almak için izninizi isteyecektir ve söz konusu coğrafi konum bilgileri Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin açık olup olmamasına bağlı olmaksızın herhangi bir zamanda Uygulama/Hizmetler tarafından sağlanabilir. Aşağıda “RN’nin bilgi kullanımı” bölümünde ortaya koyulan kullanımlara ilave olarak coğrafi konum bilgilerinizin paylaşılmasını kabul etmeniz durumunda RN konum bilgilerinizi size konuma dayalı anketlere ve pazar araştırmalarına katılma seçeneği sağlamak ve/veya coğrafi konum bilgilerini Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin katılımcılarının bazı konum ve/veya trafik modellerini göstermek üzere üçüncü taraf müşteriler ile paylaşmak için de kullanacaktır. RN ayrıca, konumunuzun yakınlarındaki mağaza veya restoran gibi ticari adresleri belirlemek için coğrafi konum verilerinizi üçüncü taraf sağlayıcılar ile paylaşabilir. Söz konusu sağlayıcılar hakkında daha fazla bilgi edinmek için, kendilerinin sağladığı hizmetler ve sağlayıcının söz konusu verileri konuma dayalı reklam için nasıl kullandığı da dahil olmak üzere coğrafi konum verilerinin nasıl kullanıldığı hakkında açıklama bulmak üzere lütfen https://www.placed.com adresini ziyaret edin.
Coğrafi konum verileri size konuma dayalı reklam sağlamak üzere reklam ağları tarafından da kullanılabilir. Reklam ağlarının verileri nasıl kullandığı ve nasıl tercih dışı bırakılacağı aşağıda daha detaylı olarak açıklanmıştır.
Coğrafi konum verilerinizi artık cihazınız üzerinden paylaşmak istemediğiniz zaman lütfen Uygulama/Hizmetler için cihazınızdaki gizlilik ayarlarını değiştirin.
Uygulama/Hizmetler ve işlev. RN, Uygulama/Hizmetler ve Hizmetler ile bağlantılı şekilde kullanmak üzere cihazınızda bulunan veya onun üzerinden erişilen bazı uygulamalara ve/veya işlevlere erişim isteyebilir. Erişim isteği anında bildirim veya başka uyarılar vasıtası ile istenecektir ve erişim yalnız sizin onayınız üzerine sağlanacaktır. Onay verirseniz, cihazınızdaki ayarları daha sonra değiştirerek bunu tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz.
Sosyal medya bilgileri. Uygulamaya/Hizmetlere erişmek için size üçüncü taraf sosyal medya platformları vasıtası ile de fırsat sağlanabilir. Bu seçeneği seçmeniz halinde sosyal medya platformu hesabınızda saklanan bazı profil bilgilerini RN toplayabilir.
Çerezler ve Benzer Teknolojiler. Çerezler, bir cihaza belirli veriler depolayan küçük dosyalardır. Tarayıcınızı kapattığınız zaman oturum çerezleri geçerliliklerini yitirir. Kalıcı çerezler silininceye veya tanımlanmış bir bitiş tarihine ulaşıncaya kadar cihazınızda kalır. Tarayıcınızı bir çerez geldiği zaman size bildirecek şekilde ayarlayabilirsiniz.  Hedef Kitle Ölçme Verileri (aşağıda tanımlanmaktadır) gibi ilave coğrafi ve demografik veriler üçüncü taraflar ile paylaşılabilir ve cihazınıza yerleştirilmiş bir çerez ile ilişkilendirilebilir.
Birinci taraf ve üçüncü taraf çerezleri ve başka benzer veya ilişkili teknolojiler ve cihaz tanımlayıcılar (örneğin IDFA’lar, AAID’ler vb.) bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın daha iyi anket deneyimi, kalite kontrol, doğrulama sağlamak, ankete katılımı, doldurulmuş anketlerin veya daha başka tamamlanmış etkinliklerin izlenmesini, dolandırıcılığın belirlenmesini ve/veya önlenmesini, çevirim içi reklam etkinliğinin araştırılmasını, web sayfasının izlenmesini ve hedef kitle ölçümünü sağlamak veya kolaylaştırmak, pazarlama kampanyaları ile bağlantılı olarak hedef kitle içgörüleri ve/veya benzer modeller geliştirmek ve bireylere reklam ve başka içerikleri hedeflemek dahil olmak üzere, geçerli yasanın gerektirdiği yerde onayınıza tabi olarak pek çok amaç için yerleştirilebilir, yazılabilir, ayarlanabilir ve/veya okunabilir. Ancak, bazı çerezler ve/veya benzer veya ilgili teknolojiler bakımından, çerezleri kabul etmemeye karar vermeniz durumunda Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kullanamayacaksınız.
Çerezler burada daha detaylı olarak tanımlanmıştır:
Temel
Çerez Adı Amaç
PHPSESSID
ANALİZLER VE ÖZELLEŞTİRME Tercih dışı bırakmak için şurayı ziyaret edin: https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Google Analytics
Aşağıdaki her bağlantı vasıtası ile tercih dışı bırakma talimatları verilmiştir.
Tedarikçi Çerezin sona ermesi Amaç Tercih dışı bırakma bağlantısı
Accordant
Tercih dışı bırakma
90 gün
Çeşitli hedef kitlelerin video içeriğini nasıl tükettiğini daha iyi anlamak için video içeriği ile ilgilenme ölçümü.
Tercih dışı bırakma
Tercih dışı bırakma
Tercih dışı bırakma
Tercih dışı bırakma
Facebook for Developers
Tercih dışı bırakma
GWI
Çevirim İçi Reklam Etki Düzeyi, Web Sitesi Ziyaretlerinin İzlenmesi, Çevirim İçi Benzer Gruplar ve Hedef Kitle İçgörüleri Geliştirme
Tercih dışı bırakma
HotTraffic/DMAi
Çevirim İçi Reklam Etki Düzeyi, Web Sitesi Ziyaretlerinin İzlenmesi, Çevirim İçi Benzer Gruplar ve Hedef Kitle İçgörüleri Geliştirme
Tercih dışı bırakma
Tercih dışı bırakma
Tercih dışı bırakma
Publicis
Çevirim İçi Reklam Etki Düzeyi, Web Sitesi Ziyaretlerinin İzlenmesi, Çevirim İçi Benzer Gruplar ve Hedef Kitle İçgörüleri Geliştirme
Tercih dışı bırakma
Tercih dışı bırakma
Dijital Parmak İzi Alma. Genel olarak, dijital parmak izi alma, cihazın teknik ayarlarına, özelliklerine ve IP adresine dayalı olarak cihazınıza benzersiz bir tanımlayıcıyı atar. RN, kalite kontrol ve doğrulama amaçları ile ve bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın mükerrer veya sahte yanıtlayıcıların tanımlanması dahil olmak üzere dolandırıcılığın belirlenmesi ve/veya önlenmesi için dijital parmak izi alma teknolojisini kullanır. RN, geçerli yasanın gerektirdiği yerde onayınıza tabi olarak dijital parmak izi alma yöntemini doğrudan veya üçüncü taraf bir sağlayıcı aracılığı ile uygulayabilir ve kullanabilir.
Filigranlama. Genel olarak, filigranlama, Uygulamaya/Hizmetlere veya Hizmetlere kayıt yaptırmak veya onlara erişmek için cihazınızın daha önce kullanılmış olduğunu belirlemek üzere ona bir teknoloji veya dosya yerleştirilmesini içerir. Filigranlama, kalite kontrol ve doğrulama amaçları ve dolandırıcılığın belirlenmesi ve/veya önlenmesi amaçları için kullanılır. RN, geçerli yasanın gerektirdiği yerde onayınıza tabi olarak doğrudan veya üçüncü taraf bir sağlayıcı aracılığı ile filigranlama faaliyetlerine girişebilir. Bazı durumlarda, bu Gizlilik Politikasında açıklanan amaçlar için, kullanıcıları (veya hane halklarını) platformlar üzerinde veya akıllı telefonlar, bilgisayarlar, tabletler veya ilgili tarayıcılar gibi cihazlar üzerinde tanımak için başka bilgilerin yanı sıra otomatik yollar ile toplanan bilgileri de kullanabiliriz.
Üçüncü taraflardan toplanan bilgiler
RN, bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın veri yönetim platformları, reklam ağları, bilgi servisi büroları, başka örnek tedarikçileri ve/veya sosyal medya platformları dahil olmak üzere üçüncü taraflardan PII, davranışsal ve/veya demografik profil bilgileri alabilir. RN, bu üçüncü taraflardan aldığı davranışsal ve/veya demografik verileri bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın veri doğrulama, veri ekleme, pazarlama içgörüleri ve benzer modeller geliştirme, dolandırıcılık belirleme ve/veya bir ankete ve/veya Panele katılmanız için size bir seferlik e-posta gönderme dahil olmak üzere çeşitli amaçlar ile kullanabilir. Buna ek olarak, coğrafi konum hizmetlerine dahil olmayı seçtiğiniz zaman, bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın coğrafi konum özelliği etkin durumda iken ziyaret edebildiğiniz perakendeci ve başka ticari işletmeler ile ilgili bilgiler dahil olmak üzere coğrafi konum verileri panel profilinize eklenebilir ve/veya RN’nin müşterileri ile paylaşılabilir.
RN topladığı bilgileri nasıl kullanır?
RN’nin bilgileri kullanımı:
Yukarıda belirtilen amaçlara ek olarak, RN Uygulama/Hizmetler yolu ile topladığı kişisel verileri aşağıdaki şekilde kullanır: (i) RN’nin sahip olduğu bir anket panelindeki üyeliğinize ilişkin olarak sizinle iletişim kurmak; (ii) bir ankete (anketlere) katılımınıza ilişkin iletişim kurmak; (iii) anket fırsatlarını size uydurmak ve reklam hatırlama anketlerinin doldurulmasını kolaylaştırmak amacı ile Uygulama/Hizmetler dışında reklamların sizin için görüntülenmesini düzenlemek; (iv) anket fırsatlarına ait bildirimleri size göndermek; (v) vergi yükümlülükleri dahil olmak üzere tüm yasal yükümlülüklere uymak; (vi) RN’nin ödül ve teşvik programlarını uygulamak ve yönetmek ve ödüllere ve teşviklere ilişkin isteklerinizi yerine getirmek; (vii) RN çekilişlerine ve promosyonlarına girmenizi kolaylaştırmak ve bu tür girişler hakkında sizin ile iletişim kurmak; (viii) RN’nin kayıtlarını güncellemek; (ix) herhangi bir veri baskılama yükümlülüğüne veya gerekliliklerine uymak; (x) dolandırıcılık belirleme ve/veya önleme amaçları için; (xi) cihazınızı ve/veya profilinizi veri yönetim platformlarından (“DMP”) cihazınız ve/veya sizin hakkınızda elde edilen ilave bilgilerle ilişkilendirmek; (xii) RN ürünlerini/hizmetlerini sizin için pazarlamak; (xiii) üçüncü tarafların kendi ürünlerini/hizmetlerini sizin için pazarlamalarını sağlamak; (xiv) RN’nin veya üçüncü tarafların pazarlama içgörüleri ve/veya hedef kitle/benzer modeller geliştirmelerini sağlamak; (xv) bize verdiğiniz profil bilgilerini doğrulamak için ve/veya (xvi) bu Gizlilik Politikası uyarınca izin verilen diğer şekillerde veya sizin tarafınızdan başka türlü yetki verilen şekilde. RN Uygulama/Hizmetler kapsamında toplanan bilgileri RN’nin yönettiği diğer anket panelleri ile bağlantılı şekilde ve/veya Araştırma Dışı Etkinlikler ile bağlantılı olarak kullanabilir. Uygulama/Hizmetler ile ilgili verilerin üçüncü taraf DMP verileri ile ilişkilendirilmesi konusunda, RN söz konusu verileri kendisi kullanır ve/veya RN’nin müşterilerinin ve/veya DMP’nin kendisinin söz konusu verileri size anket fırsatları sağlamak, reklam etki düzeyini ölçmek (aşağıda daha detaylı olarak anlatıldığı şekilde), hedef kitleleri bölümlere ayırmak, anket ve üçüncü taraf verilerine dayalı “benzer” grupları kullanarak reklam kampanyaları tasarlamak ve/veya söz konusu üçüncü tarafın ürünlerini/hizmetlerini size pazarlamak amacı ile kullanmasına izin verir.
Yeniden Hedefleme. RN zaman zaman bir RN web sitesinde (sitelerinde) bir reklamı görüntülemek veya başka web sitelerinde (örneğin sosyal medya sitelerinde) RN’nin reklamını yönetmek için bir üçüncü taraf veya üçüncü taraflar ile sözleşme yapabilir. RN’nin üçüncü taraf ortak(lar)ı çerezler veya tanımlayıcı veri unsurları gibi teknolojiler kullanabilir. Bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın RN’nin web site(ler)indeki ve/veya başka web sitelerindeki faaliyetleriniz hakkında bilgi toplamak için IDFA’nız veya Reklam Kimliğiniz dahil olmak üzere: (i) size RN ve hizmetleri hakkında reklam sağlamak için ve/veya (ii) sizin sosyal ve demografik profilinize benzer bir sosyal ve demografik profile sahip bireyleri hedeflemek üzere tasarlanan pazarlama ve reklam kampanyalarının geliştirilmesinde RN’ye yardımcı olmak için. RN bir yeniden hedefleme programı yürüttüğü ve bu hedefleme programına katılmak istemediğiniz zaman lütfen IDFA’nızı veya Reklam Kimliğinizi değiştirerek ve/veya reklamın kendisindeki üyeliğinizden ayrılarak bu Gizlilik Politikasında veya RN’nin ayrı çerez bildiriminde belirtilen geçerli çerez tercih dışı bırakma işlemi yolu ile bunu tercih dışı bırakın.
Hedef Kitle İçgörüleri/Benzerlikleri. RN ve/veya üçüncü taraflar sizden toplanan PII’leri pazarlama kampanyaları ile bağlantılı hedef kitle içgörüleri ve/veya benzer modeller geliştirmek amacı ile kullanabilir ve/veya üçüncü taraf çerezleri ile ilişkilendirebilir.
Çevirim İçi Reklam Etki Düzeyi. RN’nin çevirim içi reklam etki düzeyi programı ile bağlantılı olarak, RN’nin müşterileri için test etmekte olduğu reklamlara, promosyonlara, içeriklere, kampanyalara ve/veya web sayfalarına ilişkin anketlere katılabilirsiniz. RN’nin müşterileri bu anketlerin doldurulmasını kolaylaştırmak için çerezler, yerel olarak paylaşılan/saklanan kodlar, flash çerezler ve/veya başka ilgili teknolojiler (her biri bir “Üçüncü Taraf Teknolojisi” ve beraberce “Üçüncü Taraf Teknolojileri”) yazabilir, yerleştirebilir veya okuyabilir. Üçüncü Taraf Teknolojileri bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın RN’nin sunucuları veya sistemleri dahil olmak üzere çeşitli konumlarda yazılabilir, yerleştirilebilir veya okunabilir. Katılmanız halinde çevirim içi reklam veya promosyon hakkında yeniden iletişime geçmenize olanak vermek için UID’niz saklanacak veya Üçüncü Taraf Teknolojisi ile ilişkilendirilecektir ve RN’nin müşterisi çevirim içi reklamı veya promosyonu gördüğünüzü, tıkladığınızı veya başka bir şekilde etkileşime geçtiğinizi belirlemek için Üçüncü Taraf Teknolojisini kullanacaktır. Çevirim içi reklam veya promosyon ile etkileşime geçmiş olmanız durumunda RN’nin müşterisi UID’nizi ve söz konusu anketi RN’ye gönderecek ve RN size anketi doldurma fırsatı sağlayacaktır.
Hedef Kitle Ölçüm Verileri. Yukarıda açıklanan çevirim içi reklam etki düzeyi araştırması ile bağlantılı şekilde Hedef Kitle Ölçüm Verilerinin kullanılmasına ve paylaşılmasına (aşağıda belirtildiği şekilde) ek olarak, ziyaret ettiğiniz, görüntülediğiniz ve/veya tıkladığınız içerik, reklamlar, kampanyalar ve web siteleri hakkında hedef kitle ölçüm raporu hazırlanması amacı ile RN UID’nizi ve bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın yaş, cinsiyet, gelir, hanenizdeki kişi sayısı, eğitim/eğitim düzeyi ve istihdam durumu dahil olmak üzere (“Hedef Kitle Ölçüm Verileri”) RN tarafından daha önce toplanan verileri bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın RN’nin altyüklenicileri, ortakları ve/veya müşterileri dahil olmak üzere üçüncü taraflar ile paylaşabilir. Hedef Kitle Ölçüm Verileri çevirim içi reklam etki düzeyi araştırması ile bağlantılı şekilde ve web siteleri, çevirim içi reklamlar ve başka İnternet ve dijital medya özellikleri, işlevleri ve kampanyaları oluşturulmasına, geliştirilmesine ve uygulanmasına yardımcı olmak için kullanılacaktır. Hedef Kitle Ölçüm Verileri bir tek özet formunda (örneğin bireysel katılımcı düzeyi) veya toplu özet formunda (örneğin katılımcı grubu) paylaşılabilir.
Reklamcılar/reklam ağları bilgilerimi nasıl kullanır?
Reklam ortaklarının bilgileri kullanımı.
Bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın RN’nin iş müşterileri için test etmekte olduğu belirli reklamlar ve promosyonlar ile ilgili anketler dahil olmak üzere anketlere katılmak için Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kullanabilirsiniz. Bu reklamları ve promosyonları bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın RN’ye ait olmayan mobil uygulamalar (örneğin, oyun uygulaması) dahil olmak üzere pek çok yerde görebilirsiniz ve bunun ardından, karşınıza çıkan reklam veya promosyon hakkındaki bir anketi doldurmanız için RN ankete erişmenizi sağlayacak veya sizin ile iletişime geçecektir. RN reklamlar veya promosyonlar ile ilgili anketlerin doldurulmasını kolaylaştırmak için bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın pek çok başka mobil uygulamada reklam sağlayan, ölçüm yapan veya kolaylaştırma sağlayan reklam şirketleri ile ortaklık yapmıştır. Uygulama/Hizmetler bu reklam ağlarına sizin benzersiz cihaz tanımlayıcınız olan UID’nizi ve yukarıda “Otomatik yollar ile toplanan bilgi” bölümünde açıklanan bilgilerin birçok bölümünü veya tamamını sağlar (cihazınızın coğrafi konum verilerinin toplanmasına izin vermesi halinde sürekli coğrafi konum verileriniz dahil). Bu nedenle, reklam şirketlerinden birisi ile ortaklık yapmış olan bir mobil uygulamayı kullanmanız durumunda, reklam şirketi cihazınızı tanımak için benzersiz cihaz tanımlayıcınızı veya otomatik yollar ile toplanan başka bilgileri kullanabilir. Reklam şirketi o halde RN’nin iş müşterilerimizden birisi için test etmekte olduğu bir reklamı veya promosyonu size gösterebilir. Reklam şirketi bu durumda sizin UID’nize sahip olan cihazın reklamı veya promosyonu aldığını RN’ye bildirir ve böylece RN reklam veya promosyon ile ilgili anketi doldurmanız için size erişim sağlar veya sizin ile iletişime geçer. Reklam şirketleri ayrıca, sizin onayınız üzerine, cihazınız ve Uygulama/Hizmetler ve diğer mobil uygulamalar ile etkileşimleriniz hakkında topladıkları bilgileri size ilgi alanlarınıza uydurulmuş uygulama içi reklamlar sağlamak için ve başka amaçlar ile kullanır. Bu reklam şirketlerinin bazıları hakkında, nasıl tercih dışı bırakacağınız da dahil olmak üzere daha fazla bilgi edinmek için lütfen şurasını ziyaret edin:
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
Uygulama/Hizmetler yolu ile veya Hizmetler ile ilgili olarak hangi iletişimleri alacağım?
Bu tür iletişimleri almayı açıkça kabul etmeniz durumunda anketlere katılmanız için RN “anlık” bildirimler veya SMS/metin mesajları vasıtası ile sizin ile iletişime geçebilir.
Buna ilave olarak, RN ve/veya temsilcileri veya RN adına onun sağlayıcıları size anket davetiyeleri, anket katılımı, ödül veya teşvik bilgileri, sorgular ve paraya çevirme, haber bültenleri, bu belge veya yasa gereği yapılması gereken bildirimler, çekiliş veya promosyon girişleri, bir çekilişi veya promosyonu kazanma bildirimi ile ilgili olarak ve sizden gelen sorulara cevap vermek üzere e-posta mesajları gönderebilir.
RN’ye telefon numara(lar)ınızı verdiğiniz durumlarda RN, onun müşterileri ve/veya Alt yüklenicileri bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın aşağıdakiler dahil olmak üzere hesabınız ile ilgili olarak telefon ile de sizin ile iletişime geçebilir: (i) elinizde bulunan veya katıldığınız anketler; (ii) ödül veya teşvik bilgileri, sorgular ve paraya çevirme; (iii) çekiliş veya promosyon girişleri ve ödül gerçekleştirme; (iv) sorgularınıza cevap verme; (v) bu Gizlilik Politikası altındaki bildirimler; (vi) ilave anket davetiyeleri ve/veya fırsatları ve/veya (vii) bize verdiğiniz profil bilgilerinin doğrulanması.
RN, Uygulama/Hizmetler yolu ile toplanan kişisel verileri ve diğer bilgileri üçüncü taraflar ile paylaşıyor mu?
Geçerli yasa uyarınca, RN Uygulama/Hizmetler yolu ile toplanan kişisel verileri ve diğer bilgileri üçüncü taraflara aşağıdaki şekilde açıklayabilir veya aktarabilir:
(i) Onayınız üzerine;
(ii) Bir mahkeme celbi veya mahkeme veya resmi bir kuruluş emri uyarınca;
(iii) Bireyin güvenliğini korumak veya RN’nin haklarını ve/veya mülkiyetini korumak üzere bir bireyin veya RN’nin hukuki taleplerini oluşturmak, uygulamak veya savunmak için;
(iv) Birden fazla RN paneli için kayıt yaptırmanız durumunda çeşitli RN panelleri arasında;
(v) RN’nin bir ana şirketine, iştirakine veya bağlı şirketine: (1) yeniden organizasyon veya yeniden yapılandırma durumunda veya (2) bu Politikaya uygun şekilde veya sizin yetki verdiğiniz şekilde kullanım ve işleme için;
(vi) Bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın veri ekleme hizmetleri, veri doğrulama hizmetleri, dolandırıcılık belirleme ve/veya önleme hizmetleri, veri tabanı eşleştirme hizmetleri, kodlama hizmetleri ve ödül, teşvik ve çekilişler ile ilgili hizmetler dahil olmak üzere hizmetler sağlayan RN’nin ve/veya RN müşterilerinin yetki verilmiş temsilcilerine ve/veya altyüklenicilerine;
(vii) Bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın modelleme, doğrulama, veri ekleme, veri tabanı segmentasyonu, ödül, teşvik veya çekilişler için paraya çevirme, yerine getirme ve/veya giriş dahil olmak üzere sınırlı pazar araştırması ile ilgili kullanımlar için bir müşteriye;
(viii) RN’nin iş varlıklarına ait bir birleşme veya satın alma dahil ancak bunlar ile sınırlı olmamak üzere sahiplik veya kontrol değişikliği ile bağlantılı olarak, ancak kişisel verileri alan veya elde eden tarafın kişisel verileri bu Politikaya uygun şekilde kullanmayı, korumayı ve güvenliğini, bütünlüğünü ve gizliliğini sürdürmeyi kabul etmesi koşulu ile;
(ix) RN’nin veya üçüncü bir tarafın sizin üçüncü bir tarafın fikri mülkiyet haklarını ihlal ettiğinize veya edebileceğinize inanması halinde bir müşteriye veya söz konusu müşterinin müşterisine;
(x) RN’nin veya üçüncü bir tarafın sizin Hizmet Koşullarını ihlal ettiğinize inanması halinde bir müşteriye veya söz konusu müşterinin müşterisine;
(xi) söz konusu üçüncü tarafın pazarlama kampanyaları, hedef kitle içgörüleri, benzer modeller geliştirebilmesi ve/veya söz konusu üçüncü tarafın ürünlerini/hizmetlerini size pazarlanması için, Araştırma Dışı Etkinlikler ile ilgilenen hem RN araştırma müşterilerini hem üçüncü tarafları içermek üzere üçüncü bir tarafa ve
(xii) Bu Politika uyarınca başka türlü izin verilen şekilde.
Yukarıdakilere ilave olarak, RN’nin sözleşmeye dayalı bir ilişkisi bulunan üçüncü bir taraf vasıtası ile ve/veya Uygulamamıza/Hizmetlerimize katılmanızı teklif eden üçüncü bir tarafça gönderilen bir epostadan kayıt yaptırmanız durumunda (beraberce “Program Ortağı”) RN sizi programa davet etmiş olan Program Ortağı ile seçilmiş kayıt bilgilerini paylaşabilir ve buna açık adınız, posta kodunuz ve eposta adresini dahil olabilir. Program Ortağımızın bu bilgileri kendi gizlilik politikasına uygun şekilde toplayabileceğini, kullanabileceğini ve açıklayabileceğini kabul ediyorsunuz. Lütfen şuna dikkat ediniz ki doğrudan Program Ortağı ile iş yapmanız durumunda Program Ortağımızın bilgileriniz ile ilgili davranışlarından veya herhangi bir Program Ortağının gizlilik politikasından RN sorumlu ve yükümlü olmayacaktır.
Unutmayın, RN bir müşterinin doğrudan katılımcılardan PII toplamasına izin verebilir. Açıklama isteğe bağlıdır ve toplanmadan önce, müşterinin başka şeylerin yanı sıra PII kullanımını sınırlandıran şekilde RN ile yazılı bir anlaşma yapması zorunludur.
Analiz yapılması ve pazarlama istihbaratı oluşturulması ve/veya söz konusu üçüncü tarafın ürünlerini/hizmetlerini size pazarlayabilmesi amacı ile söz konusu verilerin üçüncü tarafın müşterilerine satılması amacı için, hedef kitle içgörüleri ve/veya benzer modeller geliştirmek üzere, bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın münferit düzeydeki ve/veya toplu düzeydeki veriler (örneğin ürün ve/veya hizmet satın alma veya kullanma faaliyeti, sosyal medya faaliyeti, web sayfası ziyaret verileri, internet arama geçmişi, vb.) için lisans verilmesi dahil olmak üzere, RN bazı PPI için üçüncü taraflara (örneğin veri aracıları, veri birleştiriciler, vb.) onların kendi Araştırma Dışı Amaçları için lisans verebilir.
Ek olarak, UID’ler ve otomatik yollar ile toplanan bilgiler yeniden iletişim kurma anketleri veya iletişimleri için katılımcılar belirleme, dolandırıcılık belirleme ve/veya önleme, veri tabanı eşleştirme, veri doğrulama, veri ekleme, kodlama, veri segmentasyonu ve ödül, teşvik ve/veya çekiliş veya promosyon ile ilgili hizmetler için bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın müşteriler, ortaklar, temsilciler ve/veya sağlayıcılar dahil olmak üzere üçüncü taraflara sağlanır.
Anket verileriniz ile bağlantılı olarak, RN veya müşteri bazı demografik özellikleri sizin ile ilişkilendirebilir. RN, RN’nin sizden kayıt sırasında topladığı veya RN’nin size sorabileceği bazı profil soruları yolu ile topladığı coğrafi ve/veya demografik verileri bir sınırlandırma olmaksızın müşteriler de dahil olmak üzere üçüncü taraflar ile paylaşabilir. Bu tür veriler bireysel bir katılımcı düzeyinde veya toplu özet formunda (örneğin katılımcı grubu) üçüncü taraflar ile paylaşılabilir. Anket verileriniz ve yanıtlarınız ile bağlantılı olarak kişisel verileri gönüllü şekilde açıklamanız ve RN’nin anket verilerini ve yanıtlarını toplaması durumunda RN anket verilerini ve yanıtlarını, UID’yi ve gönüllü olarak açıklanan kişisel verileri ilgili RN müşterisine aktaracaktır.
Bazı veri toplama işlemlerini ve/veya kullanımını nasıl tercih dışı bırakabilirim?
Bu Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin kullanıcıları için çok sayıda tercih dışı bırakma seçeneği vardır.
Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kaldırarak ve/veya panele/panellere katılımınızı sona erdirerek kişisel verilerin ve diğer bilgilerin Uygulama/Hizmetler tarafından toplanmasını tamamen durdurabilirsiniz. Cihazınızın parçası olarak ya da mobil uygulama mağazası ya da ağı üzerinde erişilebilir olan standart kaldırma süreçlerini kullanabilirsiniz ve/veya panel Sitesi üzerindeki panelist hesabınızı iptal edebilirsiniz. Unutmayın, Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri silmeniz ama RN’nin web sayfaları üzerindeki profilinizi devam ettirmeniz durumunda sizin hakkınızdaki kişisel verileri ve diğer verileri site(ler)imiz üzerinden toplamaya devam edebiliriz. Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kaldırmak RN’nin Uygulama/Hizmetler kaldırılmadan önce topladığı tüm bilgilerin silinmesini sağlamaz. RN tarafından toplanan tüm bilgileri silmek için lütfen aşağıda belirtilen şekilde RN ile iletişime geçin.
Hesabınızın sona erdirilmesinden, hesabınızın faaliyet görmemesinden ve/veya Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kaldırdığınız tarihten altı ay sonra, RI, PII’lerinizi söz konusu üçüncü tarafça tekrar satılması/tekrar kullanılması amacı ile üçüncü taraf bir veri aracısına ve/veya veri yönetim platformuna aktarabilir. PII’nizin Araştırma Dışı Etkinlikler için kullanılmasını istememeniz ve/veya hesabınızın sona erdirilmesinden ve/veya Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin cihazınızdan kaldırılmasından sonra RN’nin PII’nizi üçüncü taraflar ile paylaşmasını onaylamamanız halinde lütfen şu adresten bizim ile iletişime geçin: privacy@surveysampling.com
iOS için konum verilerinin tercih dışı bırakılması
Aşağıdakileri uygulayarak, herhangi bir zamanda, Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin konum verilerinize erişmesini tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz:
• Cihaz için ayarlar simgesine dokunarak veya seçerek;
• Ayarlar simgesine girdikten sonra Konum Hizmetlerine dokunun veya onu seçin;
• Konum Hizmetlerine girdikten sonra Uygulamaya/Hizmetlere ait kaydırıcıyı kullanarak konum hizmetlerini kapatabilirsiniz.
Not: Konum Hizmetlerini kapatırsanız, Uygulama/Hizmetler bu özelliği tekrar kullanmak istediğinde sizden Konum Hizmetlerini açmanız istenecektir.
Android için konum verilerinin tercih dışı bırakılması
Aşağıdakileri uygulayarak, herhangi bir zamanda, Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin konum verilerinize erişmesini tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz:
• Gezinti çubuğunun sağ üst tarafındaki HAKKINDA düğmesine dokunarak
• HAKKINDA diyalog kutusuna girdikten sonra aşağıdaki etiketi taşıyan anahtara tıklayarak Konum Hizmetlerini açabilir/kapatabilirsiniz: “Konumuma eriş”
iOS için anlık bildirimlerin tercih dışı bırakılması
Aşağıdakileri uygulayarak, Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin anlık bildirimlerini tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz:
• Cihaz için ayarlar simgesine dokunarak veya seçerek;
• Ayarlar simgesine girdikten sonra bildirimlere dokunun veya onu seçin;
• Anlık bildirimler açık ise bir simge listesi bulunacaktır; Uygulamaya/Hizmetlere ait simgeye dokunun veya onu seçin ve
• Bu ekrandan Uygulama/Hizmetler için anlık bildirimlerin ayarlarını değiştirebileceksiniz.
Android için anlık bildirimlerin tercih dışı bırakılması
• Aşağıdakileri uygulayarak Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin anlık bildirimlerini tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz:
• Cihaz için Ayarlara gidin.
• Uygulamalara girdikten sonra ilgili uygulamanın (QuickThoughts veya iPoll) yerini belirleyin ve onu seçin.
• “Bildirimleri göster” etiketini taşıyan onay kutusunun yerini belirleyin ve tercihinize göre açın veya kapatın.
E-posta iletişimlerinin tercih dışı bırakılması
Bizden aldığınız herhangi bir e-postadaki üyelikten çık bağlantısına tıklayarak veya aşağıda belirtilen şekilde bizimle iletişime geçerek e-posta iletişimlerini tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz.
Sosyal medya platformu profil verilerinin tercih dışı bırakılması
Sosyal medya platformundaki üçüncü taraflarla verinin paylaşımına ya da Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin sosyal medya profilinizden kaldırılmasına ilişkin tercihinizi/profil ayarlarınızı değiştirerek sosyal medya platformu profil verilerini paylaşmayı tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz.
Akıllı telefonunuza/cihazınıza atanmış olan reklam tanımlayıcı kullanımının tercih dışı bırakılması
Akıllı telefonunuza/cihazınıza atanmış olan reklam tanımlayıcıyı herhangi bir zamanda değiştirebilirsiniz.
Reklam ağının tercih dışı bırakılması
Anketleri kolaylaştırmak ve ilgi alanına dayalı reklam sağlamak için kullanmak üzere Uygulama/Hizmetler üzerinden bilgi toplayan reklam ağları belli tercih dışı bırakma mekanizmaları sağlar. Tercih dışı bırakmak için, her reklam ağı için aşağıda belirtilen bağlantılarda talimatları izleyin. Tercih dışı bırakırsanız reklamlar ve promosyonlar ile ilgili anketlerimize katılamayacaksınız.
Reklam ağı Tercih dışı bırakma bilgileri
Admob by Google
İzleme (“DNT”), ziyaret ettiğiniz web sitelerinin sizin hakkınızda belirli bilgileri toplamasına izin vermediğinizi bildirmek için ayarlayabileceğiniz tarayıcınızda bulunan bir tercihtir. RN, DNT sinyallerine yanıt vermez. RN’nin DNT sinyalleri konusundaki uygulamasına itiraz etmeniz durumunda RN’nin hizmetlerine katılmayı veya onları kullanmayı aşağıda belirtilen şekilde tercih dışı bırakabilirsiniz.
RN’nin çevirim içi reklam etki düzeyi programı ile bağlantılı olarak, RN, hedef kitle ölçümü ve reklam hatırlama anketi faaliyetlerini kolaylaştırmak amacı ile RN’nin altyüklenicilerinin, ortaklarının ve/veya müşterilerinin Üçüncü Taraf Teknolojileri bırakmasına, yerleştirmesine ve/veya yazmasına izin verir. RN herhangi bir üçüncü tarafın DNT sinyallerine uymasından veya yanıt vermesinden sorumlu değildir. RN’nin çevirim içi reklam etki düzeyi programı hakkında daha fazla bilgi almak için lütfen bu Gizlilik Politikasındaki Çerezler bölümünü inceleyin.
Kişisel verilerimi ve diğer bilgilerimi ne kadar süre ile saklıyorsunuz?
RN Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri ve/veya Hizmetleri kullanımınızla ilgili kişisel verileri ve diğer bilgileri, Uygulamayı kurulu tuttuğunuz ve/ve Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kullandığınız süre boyunca ve bundan sonraki bir (1) yıl boyunca veya yasanın gerektirdiği veya izin verdiği süre boyunca saklayacaktır. Panel Sitelerinde faaliyetsiz kalmaya başladıktan ve/veya Uygulamayı/Hizmetleri kaldırdığınız tarihten altı ay sonra RN PII’lerinizi üçüncü bir tarafça tekrar satılması/tekrar kullanılması amacı ile söz konusu üçüncü taraf veri aracısına ve/veya veri yönetim platformuna aktarabilir.
Uygulamanın/Hizmetlerin benim hakkında topladığı kişisel verilere ve diğer bilgilere nasıl erişebilirim?
Geçerli yasaya tabi olarak kişisel verilerinizi gözden geçirme, düzeltme ve silme hakkınız vardır. Aşağıda belirtilen iletişim bilgilerini kullanarak bize bu konudaki isteğinizi iletebilirsiniz.
Uygulama/Hizmetler on sekiz (18) yaş altındaki reşit olmayan çocuklardan da veri topluyor mu?
Uygulama/Hizmetler on sekiz (18) yaş altındaki bireyler için tasarlanmamıştır veya bu bireylerin kullanımı için değildir. On sekiz (18) yaş altındaki çocuklardan bilerek kişisel veri toplamıyoruz ve eğer kazara on sekiz (18) yaş altındaki çocuklardan kişisel veri topladığımızın farkına varırsak söz konusu kişisel verilerin silinmesi için makul ticari gayreti gösterme sorumluluğunu üstleniyoruz.
Uygulama/Hizmetler yolu ile toplanan kişisel veriler ve diğer bilgiler için nasıl bir güvenlik mevcuttur?
RN, RN tarafından açıklanan veya toplanan kişisel verileri ve diğer bilgileri korumak için uygun bir teknik, idari ve fiziksel koruma seviyesi bulundurmaktadır. RN, kendi gizlilik uygulamalarını ve koruma sistemlerini düzenli olarak gözden geçirir, gözlemler ve değerlendirir. Uyguladığımız güvenlik önlemlerine rağmen internet ve/veya mobil ağ üzerinden iletimler tamamen güvenli değildir ve RN çevirim içi iletimlerin güvenliğini garanti etmez. RN, kişisel verilerin RN’ye gönderilmesinde bireylerin hatalarından sorumlu değildir.
Bu Politika hakkındaki sorular için kimin ile iletişime geçebilirim?
Eğer:
– RN’ye tercih dışı bırakma talebi iletirseniz;
– kişisel verilerinize erişmek ya da bunların düzeltilmesini, engellenmesini veya silinmesini isterseniz;
– gizlilik uygulamamız hakkında şikayette bulunmak isterseniz;
-PII’nizin belli kullanımlarını tercih dışı bırakmak isterseniz;
veya RN’nin gizlilik uygulamaları ve/veya bu Politika hakkında sorularınız varsa lütfen şu adrese e-posta göndererek bizim ile iletişime geçin: privacy@surveysampling.com
RN’nin Hukuk Bölümü RN’nin bu Politikaya uymasından sorumludur.
RN Group içinde PII’yi toplayabilecek, saklayabilecek ve işleyebilecek başka bir şirket var mı?
Evet, lütfen aşağıda şirketlerin listesine bakın:
Şirket Ofis Adresi
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Chính sách Quyền riêng tư
Dưới đây là Research Now Group, Inc. dành cho cư dân của Việt Nam và là chính sách của Research Now Group Limited, có địa chỉ đăng ký tại 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF thay mặt cho chính mình và tất cả các thành viên của tập đoàn Research Now Group bao gồm tất cả các chi nhánh của Survey Sampling International, LLC trên toàn cầu được liệt kê bên dưới (gọi chung là “RN”). Tất cả các tổ chức trên toàn cầu đều có quyền truy cập vào dữ liệu cá nhân được thu thập theo chính sách này và có thể truy cập và/hoặc lưu trữ dữ liệu đó bên ngoài quốc gia cư trú của bạn, bao gồm cả ở Hoa Kỳ.
Ngày có hiệu lực lần đầu: Ngày 24 tháng 2 năm 2000
Phiên bản này: Có hiệu lực ngày 7 tháng 5 năm 2018
Những điều sau đây quy định chính sách quyền riêng tư cho các cộng đồng, trang web và/hoặc các ứng dụng di động panel trực tuyến RN (gọi chung là “Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ”) do RN cung cấp.
Chính sách Quyền riêng tư này quy định về việc thu thập, sử dụng và tiết lộ dữ liệu cá nhân hoặc thông tin nhận dạng cá nhân (“PII”) cũng như các thông tin khác liên quan tới Dịch vụ của RN được định nghĩa ở đây và các hoạt động khác của RN và bên thứ ba được định nghĩa ở đây (“Hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu”). Dịch vụ của RN giúp bạn có cơ hội tham gia vào một panel, thực hiện khảo sát do RN hoặc bên thứ ba tiến hành (với tư cách là thành viên hoặc không phải thành viên của panel), sử dụng các trang web liên kết với panel, sử dụng Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ liên kết với panel, nhận và đổi phần thưởng và ưu đãi, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, các mục rút thăm trúng thưởng, được áp dụng với tư cách thành viên panel và/hoặc để hoàn thành khảo sát (gọi chung là “Dịch vụ”). Các hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, RN tiếp thị các Dịch vụ của RN và/hoặc các bên thứ ba tiếp thị các dịch vụ của họ cho bạn và/hoặc chia sẻ riêng lẻ và/hoặc tổng hợp dữ liệu hồ sơ với các bên thứ ba để phát triển các hiểu biết sâu sắc về tiếp thị và/hoặc mô hình đối tượng/mô phỏng. Các hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu được mô tả chi tiết hơn trong Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này.
Việc bạn sử dụng Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ của RN là hoàn toàn tự nguyện, do đó việc RN xử lý PII của bạn liên quan đến các Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ và Hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu và Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này với đồng ý của bạn.
Khảo sát được tiến hành bởi bên thứ ba và dữ liệu được thu thập liên quan tới khảo sát không phải tuân thủ Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này. Việc đăng ký, sử dụng và truy cập Dịch vụ của RN phải tuân thủ Điều khoản và Điều kiện của RN. Trong hầu hết trường hợp, RN không phải là nhà tài trợ của khảo sát và công cụ khảo sát. Kết quả hoặc dữ liệu khảo sát sẽ thuộc quyền sở hữu của nhà tài trợ khảo sát.
Tất cả tham chiếu tới “RN” trong Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư ngày bao gồm RN và công ty mẹ, công ty con và các công ty liên kết. Tất cả tham chiếu tới “chúng ta” hoặc “chúng tôi” đều tham chiếu tới RN. Tất cả PII được lưu trữ trên máy chủ tại Hoa Kỳ, nơi đặt máy chủ của RN và các nhân viên và/hoặc cơ quan của RN có thể truy cập trên toàn cầu. Đối với mục đích của chính sách này, người trả lời khảo sát là bất kỳ cá nhân nào tham gia Dịch vụ của RN, bao gồm thu thập dữ liệu thụ động và/hoặc tham gia vào các Hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu được mô tả trong chính sách này. Đối với mục đích của chính sách này, trực tuyến bao gồm duyệt web trên các thiết bị di động,
Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ sẽ thu thập dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác và sẽ sử dụng các dữ liệu và thông tin đó như thế nào?
RN thu thập thông tin nhận dạng cá nhân (“PII”) từ những người tham gia nghiên cứu trong và sau khi đăng ký với panel, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, trong quá trình tham gia khảo sát và liên quan đến việc nhận và đổi thưởng và ưu đãi và/hoặc trong quá trình đăng ký Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ và quá trình tải xuống. Bạn sẽ được yêu cầu cung cấp một số thông tin PII và thông tin nhân khẩu học, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, tên, (các) địa chỉ, (các) số điện thoại (bao gồm số điện thoại nhà riêng, số điện thoại di động, và/hoặc số điện thoại cơ quan), (các) địa chỉ email, ngày sinh và nghề nghiệp/trình độ giáo dục, số nhận dạng cá nhân panel/người trả lời duy nhất mà chúng tôi gán cho khi bạn đăng ký một tài khoản (gọi riêng là một “UID” và gọi chung là “các UID”) và thông tin về chủng tộc và giới tính. Ngoài việc thu thập PII nói trên, trong và sau quá trình đăng ký, bạn có thể được yêu cầu tự nguyện cung cấp hoặc tiết lộ Dữ liệu Nhạy cảm. “Dữ liệu Nhạy cảm” nghĩa là PII mà tiết lộ hoặc thể hiện các tình trạng sức khỏe và y tế, khuynh hướng tình dục hoặc đời sống tình dục, ý kiến/quan điểm chính trị, nguồn gốc chủng tộc/dân tộc, niềm tin tôn giáo, triết học và tư cách thành viên công đoàn. Dữ liệu Nhạy cảm được sử dụng để điều hướng các cơ hội điều tra đến bạn và nếu không được quy định khác trong Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này.
RN thu thập PII, Dữ liệu Nhạy cảm và thông tin nhân khẩu học từ những người không phải thành viên của panel trước và trong khi tham gia vào một khảo sát.
RN cung cấp cho khách hàng và/hoặc đối tác quảng cáo của mình thông tin về thiết bị của bạn, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, IDFA hoặc ID Quảng cáo của thiết bị và các tương tác với Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ với sự đồng ý của bạn. RN, khách hàng và/hoặc các đối tác quảng cáo có thể sử dụng thông tin này để hỗ trợ các khảo sát của RN, tiếp thị sản phẩm và dịch vụ của RN cho bạn, quảng cáo dựa trên sở thích không liên quan, liên kết thiết bị của bạn với dữ liệu bổ sung về bạn và/hoặc thiết bị của bạn có sẵn từ các nền tảng quản lý dữ liệu của bên thứ ba và các nhà cung cấp/môi giới dữ liệu và/hoặc để xác thực một số thông tin bạn cung cấp về bản thân và/hoặc thiết bị của bạn. Nhấp vào đây để tìm hiểu thêm về một số đối tác quảng cáo của chúng tôi, bao gồm cả cách chọn không tham gia.
Thông tin bổ sung bạn gửi.
Bạn có thể gửi, tải lên hoặc truyền nội dung hoặc tài liệu, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, ảnh chụp, video và/hoặc bất kỳ nội dung hoặc tài liệu tương tự hay liên quan nào khác có thể bao gồm PII của bạn (“Nội dung của Người dùng”), ví dụ, khi hoàn thành khảo sát. PII được đưa vào Nội dung Người dùng sẽ được thu thập, sử dụng và tiết lộ theo quy định trong Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này. Nội Dung của Người Dùng không nên bao gồm âm thanh, video, hình ảnh hoặc chân dung của bất kỳ ai khác ngoài người dùng.
Thông tin được thu thập bằng phương thức tự động:
Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ cũng tự động thu thập một số thông tin nhất định, chẳng hạn như thông tin về thiết bị và dung lượng của thiết bị, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, hệ điều hành của thiết bị, các ứng dụng khác trên thiết bị, địa chỉ IP, nhà cung cấp mạng cho thiết bị, loại thiết bị, múi giờ, trạng thái mạng, loại trình duyệt, định danh trình duyệt, số nhận dạng thiết bị duy nhất (chẳng hạn như các số nhận dạng cho phân tích hoặc quảng cáo), ID người dùng nhà cung cấp mạng (một số được cung cấp bởi nhà cung cấp mạng), địa chỉ Điều khiển Truy nhập Môi trường (MAC), Thiết bị Nhận dạng Di động Quốc tế, vị trí và các thông tin khác riêng lẻ hoặc kết hợp có thể được sử dụng để nhận dạng duy nhất thiết bị của bạn. Dưới đây là các ví dụ cụ thể về dữ liệu này và công nghệ thu thập dữ liệu:
Dữ liệu vị trí địa lý. Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ sẽ yêu cầu bạn cho phép lấy thông tin vị trí địa lý từ thiết bị di động của bạn, và các thông tin vị trí địa lý như vậy có thể được cung cấp bởi Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ bất kỳ lúc nào, bất kể Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ có mở hay không. Nếu bạn đồng ý chia sẻ dữ liệu vị trí địa lý, bên cạnh các mục đích sử dụng được nêu trong phần “Sử dụng thông tin của RN” dưới đây, RN cũng sẽ sử dụng thông tin vị trí của bạn để cung cấp cho bạn tùy chọn tham gia vào các cuộc khảo sát dựa trên địa điểm và nghiên cứu thị trường và/hoặc chia sẻ dữ liệu vị trí địa lý đó với khách hàng bên thứ ba để chứng minh mô hình vị trí và/hoặc lưu lượng truy cập của người tham gia Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ. Ngoài ra, RN có thể chia sẻ dữ liệu vị trí địa lý của bạn với các nhà cung cấp bên thứ ba để xác định địa chỉ thương mại gần vị trí của bạn, chẳng hạn như cửa hiệu hoặc nhà hàng. Để tìm hiểu thêm về các nhà cung cấp như vậy, vui lòng truy cập http://www.placed.com để xem mô tả về các dịch vụ mà họ cung cấp và cách sử dụng dữ liệu vị trí địa lý, bao gồm nhà cung cấp sử dụng dữ liệu đó cho quảng cáo dựa trên địa điểm.
Dữ liệu vị trí địa lý cũng có thể được sử dụng bởi các mạng quảng cáo để cung cấp cho bạn quảng cáo dựa trên vị trí. Việc sử dụng dữ liệu của các mạng quảng cáo và cách chọn không tham gia, được mô tả chi tiết dưới đây.
Nếu bạn không còn muốn chia sẻ dữ liệu vị trí địa lý thông qua thiết bị, vui lòng thay đổi cài đặt bảo mật trong thiết bị cho Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ.
Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ và chức năng. RN có thể yêu cầu quyền truy cập vào các ứng dụng nhất định và/hoặc chức năng có sẵn trên hoặc thông qua thiết bị để sử dụng kết nối với Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ và Dịch vụ. Quyền truy cập sẽ được yêu cầu thông qua thông báo đẩy hoặc các cảnh báo khác và quyền truy cập sẽ chỉ được chấp thuận với sự đồng ý của bạn. Nếu bạn đồng ý, bạn có thể chọn không tham gia sau đó bằng cách thay đổi cài đặt trên thiết bị.
Thông tin truyền thông xã hội. Bạn có thể được đề nghị cơ hội truy cập Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ của SSI thông qua các nền tảng truyền thông xã hội của bên thứ ba. Nếu bạn chọn lựa chọn như vậy, RN có thể thu thập thông tin hồ sơ nhất định được lưu trữ trong tài khoản trên nền tảng truyền thông xã hội.
Cookie và Công nghệ Tương tự. Cookie là các tệp nhỏ lưu giữ các dữ liệu nhất định trên một thiết bị. Cookie theo phiên hết hạn khi bạn đóng trình duyệt của mình. Cookie vĩnh viễn vẫn còn trên thiết bị của bạn cho đến khi bị xóa hoặc một khi chúng đã đến ngày hết hạn được xác định. Bạn có thể thiết lập trình duyệt để thông báo cho bạn khi bạn nhận được một cookie. Dữ liệu địa lý bổ sung và nhân khẩu học như Dữ liệu Thống kê Người xem (như được định nghĩa dưới đây) có thể được chia sẻ với bên thứ ba và liên kết với một cookie được đặt trên thiết bị của bạn.
Cookie bên thứ nhất và bên thứ ba và các công cụ nhận dạng thiết bị và công nghệ tương tự hoặc có liên quan khác (ví dụ: IDFA, AAID, v.v.) có thể được đặt, viết, thiết lập và/hoặc đọc cho một số mục đích, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, cung cấp một trải nghiệm điều tra tốt hơn, quản lý chất lượng, xác thực, cho phép hoặc tạo điều kiện thuận lợi cho việc tham gia khảo sát, theo dõi các cuộc khảo sát đã hoàn thành hoặc các hành động đã hoàn thành khác, phát hiện và/hoặc ngăn chặn lừa đảo, nghiên cứu hiệu quả quảng cáo trực tuyến, theo dõi trang web và thống kê người xem, phát triển sự hiểu biết sâu sắc về đối tượng và/hoặc mô hình mô phỏng liên quan đến các chiến dịch tiếp thị và cho mục đích định hướng các quảng cáo và các nội dung khác tới các cá nhân, tùy thuộc vào sự chấp thuận của bạn nếu luật pháp áp dụng yêu cầu. Tuy nhiên, đối với một số cookie nhất định và/hoặc công nghệ tương tự hoặc có liên quan, nếu bạn quyết định không chấp nhận cookie, bạn sẽ không thể sử dụng Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ.
Các cookie được mô tả chi tiết hơn ở đây:
Khái quát
Tên Cookie Mục đích
ASP.NET_SessionId
PHPSESSID
PHPSESSID
RVIDExtId
__EC_TEST__
dkp___id
DubKnowledgeRouting
sfcRelevantId
thx_guid
ThreatMetrix
Chọn không tham gia bằng cách truy cập https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
PHÂN TÍCH VÀ TÙY CHỈNH Không tham gia bằng cách truy cập https://www.aboutads.info/choices/
Google Analytics
Quảng cáo Mục tiêu, Phân tích/Thống kê, Tối ưu hóa
Quảng cáo
Hướng dẫn chọn không tham gia được cung cấp thông qua từng liên kết bên dưới.
Nhà cung cấp Hạn sử dụng Cookie Mục đích Liên kết Không tham gia
Accordant
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
180 ngày
Phát triển các Nhóm Mô phỏng Trực tuyến và Hiểu biết sâu sắc về Đối tượng
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
90 ngày
Đo lường tương tác nội dung video để hiểu rõ hơn cách từng người xem khác nhau sử dụng nội dung video.
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
365 ngày
Phát triển các Nhóm Mô phỏng Trực tuyến và Hiểu biết sâu sắc về Đối tượng
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Facebook for Developers
Không tham gia
GWI
Hiệu quả Quảng cáo Trực tuyến, Theo dõi các Lượt truy cập của Trang web, Phát triển các Nhóm Mô phỏng Trực tuyến và Hiểu biết sâu sắc về Đối tượng
Không tham gia
HotTraffic/DMAi
Hiệu quả Quảng cáo Trực tuyến, Theo dõi các Lượt truy cập của Trang web, Phát triển các Nhóm Mô phỏng Trực tuyến và Hiểu biết sâu sắc về Đối tượng
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Publicis
Hiệu quả Quảng cáo Trực tuyến, Theo dõi các Lượt truy cập của Trang web, Phát triển các Nhóm Mô phỏng Trực tuyến và Hiểu biết sâu sắc về Đối tượng
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Không tham gia
Tệp Nhật ký. Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ của SSI có thể tự động thu thập và lưu giữ các thông tin nhất định, bao gồm, không giới hạn, dữ liệu sẵn có từ trình duyệt web của bạn, bao gồm, không giới hạn, Địa chỉ IP, loại trình duyệt, nhà cung ứng dịch vụ internet, trang tham chiếu/thoát, hệ điều hành, dấu ngày/giờ và dữ liệu dòng nhấp trong các tệp nhập ký.
Tạo Vân tay Kỹ thuật Số. Nhìn chung, tạo vân tay kỹ thuật số gán một mã nhận dạng duy nhất cho thiết bị hoặc máy tính của bạn dựa trên các cài đặt kỹ thuật, đặc điểm và Địa chỉ IP của thiết bị. RN sử dụng công nghệ tạo vân tay kỹ thuật số nhằm kiểm soát và xác nhận chất lượng và phát hiện và/hoặc ngăn chặn lừa đảo, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, xác định các đối tượng điều tra trùng hoặc lừa đảo. RN có thể thực hiện và sử dụng vân tay số trực tiếp hoặc qua nhà cung cấp bên thứ ba với sự đồng ý của bạn nếu được yêu cầu theo luật áp dụng.
Tạo dấu bóng. Nhìn chung, tạo dấu bóng là việc đặt một công nghệ hay tệp lên thiết bị của bạn để xác định rằng trước đó đã được sử dụng để đăng ký với hoặc truy cập Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ hoặc Dịch vụ này. Tạo dấu bóng được sử dụng nhằm kiểm soát và xác nhận chất lượng và phát hiện và/hoặc ngăn ngừa lừa đảo. RN có thể tham gia vào các hoạt động tạo dấu bóng trực tiếp hoặc qua nhà cung cấp bên thứ ba với sự chấp thuận của bạn nếu được yêu cầu theo luật áp dụng. Trong một số trường hợp, chúng tôi có thể sử dụng thông tin được thu thập thông qua các phương tiện tự động, cùng với các thông tin khác để nhận dạng người dùng (hoặc các hộ gia đình) trên các nền tảng hoặc trên các thiết bị, chẳng hạn như điện thoại thông minh, máy tính, máy tính bảng hoặc các trình duyệt có liên quan cho các mục đích được mô tả trong Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này.
Thông tin được thu thập từ bên thứ ba
RN có thể thu thập PII, thông tin hành vi và/hoặc nhân khẩu học từ các bên thứ ba, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, nền tảng quản lý dữ liệu, mạng quảng cáo, tổ chức dịch vụ thông tin, các nhà cung cấp mẫu khác và/hoặc các nền tảng truyền thông xã hội. RN có thể sử dụng PII, thông tin hành vi và/hoặc nhân khẩu học từ các bên thứ ba cho nhiều mục đích khác nhau, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, xác nhận dữ liệu, nối thêm dữ liệu, phát triển các hiểu biết về tiếp thị và các mô hình mô phỏng, các mục đích phát hiện lừa đảo, và/hoặc gửi bạn một email dùng một lần để mời bạn tham gia vào khảo sát và/hoặc gia nhập một Panel. Ngoài ra, dữ liệu về vị trí địa lý, bao gồm thông tin về doanh nghiệp bán lẻ và các doanh nghiệp thương mại khác mà bạn có thể truy cập khi đang bật tính năng vị trí địa lý, có thể được thêm vào hồ sơ Panel của bạn và/hoặc chia sẻ với khách hàng của RN nếu bạn chọn tham gia vào các dịch vụ định vị địa lý.
RN sử dụng thông tin thu thập được như thế nào?
RN sử dụng thông tin:
Ngoài các mục đích mô tả ở trên, RN sử dụng dữ liệu cá nhân được thu thập thông qua Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ như sau: (i) liên hệ với bạn về tình trạng thành viên của bạn với (các) panel điều tra của RN; (ii) liên hệ với bạn về việc bạn tham gia vào (các) khảo sát; (iii) điều chỉnh các cơ hội khảo sát cho bạn và sắp xếp quảng cáo được hiển thị cho bạn bên ngoài Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ nhằm mục đích tạo thuận lợi cho việc hoàn thành cuộc điều tra thu hồi quảng cáo; (iv) gửi cho bạn các thông báo về các cơ hội khảo sát; (v) tuân thủ bất kỳ và tất cả các nghĩa vụ pháp lý, bao gồm, nhưng không giới hạn, nghĩa vụ thuế; (vi) quản trị và quản lý các chương trình khen thưởng và khuyến khích của RN và thực hiện các yêu cầu của bạn về phần thưởng và ưu đãi; (vii) để tạo thuận lợi cho việc bạn tham gia vào chương trình rút thăm trúng thưởng và khuyến mãi của RN và liên hệ với bạn về các chương trình đó; (viii) cập nhật hồ sơ của RN; (ix) tuân thủ các nghĩa vụ hoặc yêu cầu bỏ dữ liệu; (x) vì mục đích phát hiện và/hoặc ngăn chặn gian lận; (xi) liên kết thiết bị và/hoặc hồ sơ của bạn với thông tin bổ sung có sẵn về bạn và/hoặc thiết bị của bạn có sẵn từ nền tảng quản lý dữ liệu (“DMP”); (xii) tiếp thị các sản phẩm/dịch vụ của RN cho bạn; (xiii) để cho phép các bên thứ ba tiếp thị sản phẩm/dịch vụ cho bạn; (xiv) để cho phép RN hoặc các bên thứ ba phát triển hiểu biết về tiếp thị và/hoặc mô hình đối tượng/mô phỏng; (xv) để xác thực thông tin hồ sơ mà bạn đã cung cấp cho chúng tôi; và/hoặc (xvi) theo cách khác được cho phép theo Chính sách này hoặc do bạn ủy quyền. RN có thể sử dụng các thông tin thu thập được trong bối cảnh Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ liên quan đến các panel điều tra khác mà RN quản lý và/hoặc liên quan đến các Hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu. Đối với việc liên kết dữ liệu Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ với dữ liệu DMP của bên thứ ba, RN sử dụng chính dữ liệu đó và/hoặc cho phép khách hàng của RN và/hoặc chính DMP sử dụng dữ liệu đó để cung cấp cho bạn các cơ hội điều tra, để đo lường hiệu quả quảng cáo (như được mô tả chi tiết dưới đây), để phân khúc khán giả; thiết kế các chiến dịch quảng cáo bằng cách sử dụng các nhóm “mô phỏng” dựa trên điều tra và dữ liệu của bên thứ ba; và/hoặc tiếp thị các sản phẩm/dịch vụ của bên thứ ba cho bạn.
Định lại mục tiêu. RN có thể thỉnh thoảng liên kết với một hoặc nhiều bên thứ ba để hiển thị quảng cáo trên (các) trang web của RN hoặc để quản lý quảng cáo của RN trên các trang web khác (ví dụ trên các trang mạng truyền thông xã hội). (Các) đối tác bên thứ ba của RN có thể sử dụng các công nghệ như cookie hoặc xác định các yếu tố dữ liệu. Bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn IDFA hoặc ID Quảng cáo để thu thập thông tin về các hoạt động của bạn trên (các) trang web của RN và/hoặc trên các trang web khác để: (i) cung cấp cho bạn quảng cáo về RN và các dịch vụ và/hoặc (ii) hỗ trợ RN trong việc phát triển các chiến dịch tiếp thị và quảng cáo được thiết kế để nhắm tới những cá nhân có hồ sơ xã hội và nhân khẩu học tương ứng với hồ sơ xã hội và nhân khẩu học của bạn. Nếu RN đang tiến hành một chương trình định lại mục tiêu và bạn không muốn tham gia chương trình này, vui lòng chọn không tham gia thông qua quy trình chọn không tham gia cookie có thể áp dụng được nêu trong Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này hoặc trong thông báo cookie riêng của RN, bằng cách thay đổi IDFA hoặc ID Quảng cáo và/hoặc bằng cách bỏ đăng ký trong chính quảng cáo đó.
Hiểu biết sâu sắc về Đối tượng/Mô phỏng. RN và/hoặc các bên thứ ba có thể sử dụng PII được thu thập từ bạn và/hoặc có thể liên kết PII được thu thập từ bạn đến cookie của bên thứ ba để phát triển hiểu biết về đối tượng và/hoặc mô hình mô phỏng liên quan đến các chiến dịch tiếp thị.
Hiệu quả Quảng cáo Trực tuyến. Liên quan tới chương trình hiệu quả quảng cáo trực tuyến của RN, bạn có thể tham gia vào các cuộc khảo sát về quảng cáo, khuyến mãi, nội dung, chiến dịch và/hoặc trang web mà RN đang thử nghiệm cho các khách hàng của mình. Để tạo điều kiện hoàn thành các cuộc khảo sát này, khách hàng của RN có thể ghi, đặt hoặc đọc các cookie, các đối tượng được chia sẻ/lưu giữ cục bộ, cookie flash và/hoặc bất kỳ công nghệ liên quan nào khác (gọi riêng là “Công nghệ của Bên thứ ba” và gọi chung là “Các Công nghệ của Bên thứ ba”). Các Công nghệ của Bên thứ Ba có thể được ghi, đặt hoặc đọc tại nhiều địa điểm khác nhau, bao gồm, nhưng không giới hạn, các máy chủ hoặc hệ thống của RN. Nếu bạn tham gia, UID của bạn sẽ được lưu giữ trong hoặc liên kết với Công nghệ của Bên thứ Ba để cho phép bạn có thể được liên hệ lại khi có quảng cáo trực tuyến hoặc khuyến mãi và khách hàng của RN sẽ sử dụng Công nghệ của Bên thứ Ba để xác định xem bạn đã xem, bấm vào hoặc tương tác với quảng cáo trực tuyến hoặc khuyến mãi hay chưa. Nếu bạn đã tương tác với quảng cáo trực tuyến hoặc khuyến mãi, khách hàng của RN sẽ gửi UID của bạn và khảo sát cụ thể tới RN và RN sẽ cho bạn cơ hội hoàn thành khảo sát.
Dữ liệu Thống kê Người xem. Bên cạnh việc sử dụng và chia sẻ Dữ liệu Thống kê Người xem (như được định nghĩa dưới đây) liên quan đến việc nghiên cứu hiệu quả quảng cáo trực tuyến, như việc nghiên cứu được mô tả ở trên, RN có thể chia sẻ UID và dữ liệu của bạn mà RN đã thu thập trước đây, bao gồm, nhưng không giới hạn, độ tuổi, giới tính, thu nhập, số người trong hộ gia đình của bạn, trình độ giáo dục/bằng cấp và tình trạng việc làm, (“Dữ liệu Thống kê Người xem”), cho các bên thứ ba, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, các nhà thầu phụ, các đối tác, và/hoặc khách hàng của RN nhằm mục đích báo cáo thống kê người xem về nội dung, các quảng cáo, chiến dịch và trang web mà bạn truy cập, xem và/hoặc bấm vào. Dữ liệu Thống kê Người xem sẽ được sử dụng để nghiên cứu hiệu quả quảng cáo trực tuyến và để hỗ trợ lập, phát triển và triển khai các trang web, quảng cáo trực tuyến, các đặc điểm, tính năng và chiến dịch Internet và phương tiện kỹ thuật số khác. Dữ liệu Thống kê Người xem có thể được chia sẻ trong một mẫu tổng hợp cá nhân (tức là cấp đối tượng điều tra cá nhân) hoặc mẫu tổng hợp chung (tức là cho nhóm đối tượng điều tra).
Các nhà quảng cáo/mạng quảng cáo sử dụng thông tin của tôi như thế nào?
Các đối tác quảng cáo sử dụng thông tin.
Bạn có thể sử dụng Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ để tham gia vào các khảo sát, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, các khảo sát về quảng cáo và khuyến mãi cụ thể mà RN đang thử nghiệm cho các khách hàng doanh nghiệp của mình. Bạn có thể thấy các quảng cáo hoặc khuyến mãi này ở nhiều nơi, bao gồm, nhưng không giới hạn, trong các ứng dụng dành cho thiết bị di động không phải của RN (ví dụ, trong ứng dụng trò chơi), sau đó RN sẽ cung cấp cho bạn quyền truy cập hoặc liên hệ với bạn để hoàn thành một khảo sát về quảng cáo hoặc quảng cáo hoặc khuyến mãi mà bạn đã tiếp xúc. Để tạo thuận lợi cho việc hoàn thành các cuộc khảo sát về quảng cáo hoặc khuyến mãi, RN đã hợp tác với các công ty quảng cáo đã cung cấp, đo lường hoặc tạo điều kiện quảng cáo, bao gồm, nhưng không giới hạn ở nhiều ứng dụng di động khác. Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ cung cấp các mạng quảng cáo này với UID, mã nhận dạng thiết bị duy nhất của bạn và nhiều hoặc tất cả các loại thông tin khác được mô tả trong phần “Thông tin được thu thập thông qua phương thức tự động” ở trên (bao gồm cả vị trí địa lý hiện tại của bạn, nếu thiết bị của bạn cho phép thu thập vị trí địa lý). Sau đó, khi bạn sử dụng ứng dụng dành cho thiết bị di động đã hợp tác với một trong các công ty quảng cáo, công ty quảng cáo có thể sử dụng mã định danh thiết bị duy nhất của bạn hoặc các thông tin thu thập tự động khác để nhận ra thiết bị của bạn. Công ty quảng cáo sau đó có thể hiển thị cho bạn quảng cáo hoặc khuyến mãi mà RN đang thử nghiệm cho một trong những khách hàng doanh nghiệp của chúng tôi. Công ty quảng cáo sau đó có thể thông báo cho RN biết rằng thiết bị liên quan đến UID của bạn vừa nhận được quảng cáo hoặc khuyến mãi, cho phép RN cung cấp cho bạn quyền truy cập hoặc liên hệ với bạn để hoàn thành một khảo sát về quảng cáo hoặc khuyến mãi. Với sự đồng ý của bạn, các công ty quảng cáo cũng sử dụng thông tin họ thu thập được về thiết bị của bạn và các tương tác của bạn với Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ và các ứng dụng di động khác để cung cấp cho bạn quảng cáo trong ứng dụng khác đã được điều chỉnh cho phù hợp với sở thích của bạn và cho các mục đích khác. Để tìm hiểu thêm về một số công ty quảng cáo này, bao gồm cách chọn không tham gia, vui lòng truy cập vào các mục sau:
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
https://www.nielsen-online.com/corp.jsp?section=leg_prs&nav=1
Tôi sẽ nhận được thông báo gì qua Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ hoặc liên quan đến Dịch vụ?
RN có thể liên hệ với bạn để mời tham gia vào các cuộc khảo sát thông qua thông báo “đẩy” hoặc SMS/tin nhắn văn bản nếu bạn đồng ý nhận các thông báo như vậy.
Ngoài ra, RN và/hoặc các đại lý hoặc nhà cung cấp thay mặt cho RN sẽ gửi thông báo qua email cho bạn về các lời mời khảo sát, tham gia khảo sát, thông tin về các phần thưởng hoặc ưu đãi, yêu cầu và đổi thưởng, bản tin, thông báo được yêu cầu phải cung cấp theo luật định hoặc luật pháp, rút thăm trúng thưởng hoặc khuyến mãi, thông báo về chiến thắng trong cuộc rút thăm trúng thưởng hoặc chương trình khuyến mãi và để hồi đáp các yêu cầu của bạn.
Khi bạn cung cấp cho RN (các) số điện thoại của bạn, RN, khách hàng và/hoặc các Nhà thầu phụ cũng có thể liên lạc với bạn bằng điện thoại liên quan đến tài khoản của bạn, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn: (i) khảo sát mà bạn có hoặc đang tham gia; (ii) khen thưởng hoặc thông tin khuyến khích, yêu cầu và đổi thưởng; (iii) các chương trình rút thăm trúng thưởng hoặc khuyến mãi và giải thưởng; (iv) trả lời các câu hỏi của bạn; (v) thông báo theo Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này; (vi) lời mời khảo sát bổ sung và/hoặc các cơ hội khác; và/hoặc (vii) để xác nhận thông tin hồ sơ mà bạn đã cung cấp cho chúng tôi.
RN có chia sẻ các thông tin cá nhân và các thông tin khác được thu thập thông qua Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ với các bên thứ ba hay không?
Theo luật áp dụng, RN có thể tiết lộ hoặc chuyển dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác được thu thập thông qua Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ cho các bên thứ ba như sau:
(i) Với sự đồng ý của bạn;
(ii) Để đáp lại trát của tòa hoặc lệnh của tòa hoặc cơ quan chính phủ;
(iii) Để lập, thi hành hoặc biện hộ các khiếu nại pháp lý của một cá nhân hoặc RN, bao gồm việc để bảo vệ sự an toàn của một cá nhân hoặc để bảo vệ các quyền và/hoặc tài sản của RN;
(iv) Giữa các panel RN khác nhau, nếu bạn đăng ký với nhiều hơn một panel RN;
(v) Cho một công ty mẹ, công ty con, hoặc công ty liên kết của RN: (1) trong trường hợp tái tổ chức hoặc tái cấu trúc; hoặc (2) để sử dụng và xử lý theo Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư này hoặc được bạn cho phép;
(vi) Cho các đại lý và/hoặc nhà thầu phụ có thẩm quyền của RN và/hoặc của khách hàng của RN, những người cung cấp dịch vụ, bao gồm, nhưng không giới hạn, dịch vụ nối tiếp dữ liệu, dịch vụ xác thực dữ liệu, dịch vụ phát hiện và/hoặc ngăn chặn lừa đảo, dịch vụ khớp cơ sở dữ liệu, dịch vụ viết mã, các dịch vụ liên quan tới phần thưởng, ưu đãi và rút thăm trúng thưởng;
(vii) Cho một khách hàng để sử dụng nhằm mục đích liên quan tới nghiên cứu thị trường hạn chế bao gồm, không giới hạn, mô hình hóa, xác thực, nối tiếp dữ liệu, phân đoạn cơ sở dữ liệu, đáp ứng và khen thưởng, khích lệ hoặc rút thăm trúng thưởng, đổi điểm thưởng, trao thưởng và/hoặc tham gia;
(viii) Liên quan tới việc thay đổi quyền sở hữu hoặc kiểm soát, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, sáp nhập hoặc mua lại bất kỳ hoặc tất cả tài sản kinh doanh của RN, với điều kiện rằng bên tiếp nhận hoặc giành được dữ liệu cá nhân đồng ý sử dụng, bảo vệ, duy trì sự an toàn, toàn vẹn và tính bảo mật của dữ liệu cá nhân theo Chính sách này;
(ix) cho khách hàng hoặc cho khách hàng của khách hàng đó trong trường hợp RN hoặc bên thứ ba tin rằng bạn có hoặc có thể vi phạm quyền sở hữu trí tuệ của bên thứ ba;
(x) cho khách hàng hoặc cho khách hàng của khách hàng đó trong trường hợp RN hoặc bên thứ ba tin rằng bạn vi phạm Các Điều khoản Dịch vụ;
(xi) cho bên thứ ba, bao gồm cả khách hàng nghiên cứu của RN và các bên thứ ba tham gia vào các Hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu để cho phép bên thứ ba phát triển các chiến dịch tiếp thị, hiểu biết về khách hàng, mô hình mô phỏng và/hoặc tiếp thị các sản phẩm/dịch vụ của bên thứ ba đó cho bạn; và
(xii) Được cho phép trong trường hợp khác theo Chính sách này.
Ngoài các vấn đề đã đề cập ở trên, nếu bạn đăng ký thông qua một bên thứ ba mà RN có quan hệ hợp đồng và/hoặc từ một email được gửi từ công ty thứ ba đề nghị bạn tham gia vào Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ của chúng tôi (gọi chung là “Đối tác Chương trình”), RN có thể chia sẻ thông tin đăng ký tham gia với Đối tác Chương trình đã mời bạn tham gia vào chương trình, có thể bao gồm tên đầy đủ, mã bưu điện hoặc địa chỉ email của bạn. Bạn nhận thức được rằng Đối tác Chương trình của chúng tôi có thể thu thập, sử dụng và tiết lộ thông tin đó theo chính sách bảo mật của họ. Xin lưu ý rằng RN sẽ không chịu trách nhiệm về những hành động của Đối tác Chương trình của chúng tôi liên quan đến thông tin của bạn hoặc đối với các thực hành về quyền riêng tư của Đối tác Chương trình khi bạn đang làm việc trực tiếp với họ.
Vui lòng lưu ý, RN có thể cho phép một khách hàng thu thập PII trực tiếp từ người trả lời. Việc tiết lộ là tự nguyện và, trước khi thu thập, khách hàng được yêu cầu ký vào một thỏa thuận bằng văn bản với RN, thỏa thuận này, là một trong các nội dung khác, quy định hạn chế việc sử dụng PII.
RN có thể cấp phép một số PII cho các bên thứ ba (ví dụ, các nhà môi giới, tổng hợp dữ liệu, v.v.) cho Mục đích Phi Nghiên cứu của họ, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, việc cấp phép cho các dữ liệu cấp độ cá nhân và/hoặc tổng hợp (ví dụ, hoạt động mua bán hoặc sử dụng sản phẩm và/hoặc dịch vụ, hoạt động truyền thông xã hội, dữ liệu truy cập trang web, lịch sử tìm kiếm internet, v.v.) để phát triển những nhận thức về khách hàng và/hoặc mô hình mô phỏng nhằm mục đích bán dữ liệu đó cho khách hàng của bên thứ ba để thực hiện phân tích và cung cấp thông tin tiếp thị và/hoặc để cho phép bên thứ ba đó tiếp thị sản phẩm/dịch vụ của họ cho bạn.
Ngoài ra, UID và thông tin được thu thập thông qua các phương thức tự động được cung cấp cho các bên thứ ba, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, khách hàng, đối tác, đại lý và/hoặc nhà cung cấp cho một số mục đích xác định người trả lời để liên hệ lại khi có khảo sát hoặc thông báo, phát hiện và/hoặc ngăn chặn lừa đảo, khớp cơ sở dữ liệu, xác thực dữ liệu, nối tiếp dữ liệu, viết mã, phân đoạn dữ liệu và các dịch vụ liên quan tới khen thưởng, khích lệ, và/hoặc rút thăm trúng thưởng hoặc khuyến mãi.
Liên quan đến dữ liệu khảo sát của bạn, RN hoặc khách hàng có thể kết hợp một số thuộc tính nhân khẩu học nhất định với bạn. RN có thể chia sẻ với bên thứ ba, bao gồm nhưng không giới hạn, với khách hàng, dữ liệu địa lý và/hoặc nhân khẩu học mà RN thu thập được từ bạn trong khi đăng ký hoặc thông qua một số câu hỏi hồ sơ nhất định mà RN có thể hỏi bạn. Dữ liệu như vậy có thể được chia sẻ với các bên thứ ba trong một mẫu cấp độ người trả lời riêng lẻ hoặc mẫu tổng hợp chung (tức là cho nhóm người trả lời). Nếu bạn tự nguyện tiết lộ dữ liệu cá nhân liên quan tới các câu trả lời và dữ liệu khảo sátcủa mình, RN thu thập các câu trả lời và dữ liệu điều tra, RN sẽ chuyển các câu trả lời và dữ liệu khảo sát này, UID và dữ liệu cá nhân được tiết lộ tự nguyện cho khách hàng liên quan của RN.
Làm thế nào tôi có thể chọn không tham gia việc thu thập và/hoặc sử dụng một số dữ liệu nhất định?
Có nhiều lựa chọn không tham gia dành cho người dùng Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ.
Bạn có thể ngừng tất cả việc thu thập dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác bởi Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ bằng cách bỏ cài đặt Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ và/hoặc chấm dứt sự tham gia của bạn vào (các) Panel. Bạn có thể sử dụng các quy trình gỡ bỏ tiêu chuẩn có sẵn như là một phần của thiết bị di động của bạn hoặc thông qua thị trường ứng dụng di động hoặc mạng và/hoặc bạn có thể hủy tài khoản Panelist của bạn trên trang Panel. Xin lưu ý rằng nếu bạn xóa Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ, nhưng duy trì hồ sơ với một trong các trang web của RN, chúng tôi vẫn có thể thu thập dữ liệu cá nhân và các dữ liệu khác từ bạn thông qua (các) trang web của chúng tôi. Việc gỡ cài đặt Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ sẽ không xóa tất cả các thông tin do RN thu thập được trước khi gỡ cài đặt Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ. Để xóa tất cả thông tin được thu thập bởi RN, vui lòng liên hệ với RN theo thông tin nêu bên dưới.
Sáu tháng sau khi chấm dứt tài khoản của bạn, tính năng không hoạt động của tài khoản và/hoặc vào ngày bạn gỡ cài đặt Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ, RN có thể chuyển tài liệu PII của bạn tới một nhà môi giới dữ liệu thứ ba và/hoặc nền tảng quản lý dữ liệu để bán lại/tái sử dụng bởi bên thứ ba đó. Nếu bạn không muốn PII của bạn được sử dụng cho các Hoạt động Phi Nghiên cứu và/hoặc nếu bạn không đồng ý để RN chia sẻ PII của mình với các bên thứ ba sau khi chấm dứt tài khoản và/hoặc xoá Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ khỏi thiết bị của mình, vui lòng liên hệ với chúng tôi theo địa chỉ privacy@surveysampling.com
Để Chọn không cho phép thu thập dữ liệu vị trí trên iOS
Bạn có thể, vào bất kỳ lúc nào, chọn không cho phép Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ truy cập dữ liệu vị trí của bạn bằng cách:
• Chạm hoặc chọn biểu tượng cài đặt cho thiết bị;
• Khi ở trong biểu tượng cài đặt, bấm hoặc chọn Dịch vụ Vị trí; và
• Khi ở Dịch vụ Vị trí, bạn có thể sử dụng thanh trượt riêng cho Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ, để tắt dịch vụ vị trí.
Lưu ý: Nếu bạn tắt Dịch vụ Vị trí, bạn sẽ được nhắc bật lại Dịch vụ Vị trí vào lần tới khi Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ cố gắng sử dụng tính năng này.
Để Chọn không cho phép thu thập dữ liệu vị trí trên Android
Bạn có thể, vào bất kỳ lúc nào, chọn không cho phép Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ truy cập dữ liệu vị trí của bạn bằng cách:
• Chạm vào nút ABOUT ở trên cùng bên phải của thanh điều hướng
• Khi ở trong hộp thoại ABOUT, bạn có thể bật/tắt Dịch vụ Vị trí thông qua một công tắc có gắn nhãn: “Truy cập vào vị trí của tôi”
Để Chọn bỏ qua thông báo đẩy trên iOS
Bạn có thể chọn bỏ qua thông báo đẩy cho Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ bằng cách:
• Chạm hoặc chọn biểu tượng cài đặt cho thiết bị;
• Khi ở trong biểu tượng cài đặt, chạm hoặc chọn thông báo;
• Nếu bật thông báo đẩy, sẽ có một danh sách các biểu tượng, chạm hoặc chọn biểu tượng cho Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ; và
• Từ màn hình này, bạn sẽ có thể sửa đổi cài đặt thông báo đẩy cho Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ.
Để Chọn Bỏ qua thông báo đẩy trên Android
• Bạn có thể chọn bỏ qua thông báo đẩy cho Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ bằng cách:
• Truy cập mục Cài đặt cho thiết bị.
• Từ trong mục Cài đặt, tìm mục cài đặt Ứng dụng.
• Khi ở mục Ứng dụng, tìm ứng dụng có liên quan (QuickThoughts hoặc iPoll) và chọn ứng dụng đó.
• Tìm hộp kiểm có gắn nhãn “Hiển thị thông báo” và bật/tắt theo tùy chọn của bạn.
Chọn không nhận thông báo qua email
Bạn có thể chọn không nhận thông báo qua email, bằng cách nhấp vào liên kết bỏ đăng ký trong bất kỳ email nào mà bạn nhận được từ chúng tôi hoặc liên hệ với chúng tôi như thông tin ở bên dưới.
Chọn không tham gia chia sẻ dữ liệu hồ sơ nền tảng phương tiện truyền thông xã hội
Bạn có thể chọn không tham gia chia sẻ dữ liệu hồ sơ nền tảng truyền thông xã hội bằng cách thay đổi các thiết đặt tùy chọn/hồ sơ của mình với nền tảng truyền thông xã hội liên quan tới chia sẻ dữ liệu với các bên thứ ba hoặc xóa Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ khỏi hồ sơ phương tiện truyền thông xã hội của bạn.
Chọn không sử dụng mã nhận dạng quảng cáo được gán cho điện thoại thông minh/thiết bị của bạn
Bạn có thể thay đổi mã nhận dạng quảng cáo được gán cho thiết bị của mình bất kỳ lúc nào.
Chọn không tham gia mạng quảng cáo
Mạng quảng cáo thu thập thông tin qua Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ để sử dụng trong việc tạo điều kiện khảo sát và cung cấp quảng cáo dựa trên sở thích đưa ra cơ chế chọn không tham gia nhất định. Để chọn không tham gia, hãy làm theo hướng dẫn cho từng mạng quảng cáo tại các liên kết được cung cấp bên dưới. Nếu bạn chọn không tham gia, bạn sẽ không thể tham gia vào các khảo sát của chúng tôi về quảng cáo và khuyến mãi.
Mạng quảng cáo Thông tin chọn không tham gia
Admob by Google
https://lp.mydas.mobi/rich/foundation/opt-out.php
Tôi có thể ngăn RN theo dõi các hoạt động trực tuyến của tôi được không?
Do Not Track (“DNT”) là một tùy chọn trong trình duyệt mà bạn có thể cài đặt thông báo trên các trang web bạn truy cập rằng bạn không muốn các trang web đó thu thập các thông tin nhất định về mình. RN không phản hồi các tín hiệu DNT. Nếu bạn phản đối hành động của RN đối với các tín hiệu DNT, bạn có thể chọn không tham gia hoặc sử dụng Dịch vụ của RN như được mô tả bên dưới.
Liên quan tới chương trình hiệu quả quảng cáo trực tuyến của RN, RN cho phép các nhà thầu phụ, đối tác và/hoặc khách hàng thả, đặt và/hoặc ghi Các Công nghệ của Bên thứ ba nhằm mục đích tạo điều kiện cho các hoạt động thống kê người xem và điều tra ghi nhớ quảng cáo. RN không chịu trách nhiệm về sự tuân thủ hoặc phản hồi của bất kỳ bên thứ ba nào khác đối với các tín hiệu DNT. Để tìm hiểu thêm về chương trình hiệu quả quảng cáo trực tuyến của RN, vui lòng tham khảo mục Cookie của Chính sách Quyền Riêng tư.
RN giữ dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác trong bao lâu?
RN sẽ giữ lại dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác liên quan đến việc sử dụng Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ và/hoặc các Dịch vụ của bạn chừng nào Ứng dụng còn được cài đặt và/hoặc còn được sử dụng và tối đa một (1) năm sau đó hoặc khoảng thời gian khác theo yêu cầu hoặc được cho phép theo luật. Sáu tháng sau khi bạn không hoạt động tại các Trang Panel và/hoặc gỡ cài đặt Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ, RN có thể chuyển PII của bạn tới một nhà môi giới dữ liệu thứ ba và/hoặc nền tảng quản lý dữ liệu để bán lại/tái sử dụng bởi bên thứ ba đó.
Làm thế nào tôi có thể truy cập vào dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác mà Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ đã thu thập về tôi?
Bạn có quyền xem xét, sửa và xóa dữ liệu cá nhân của bạn, theo luật áp dụng. Bạn có thể liên hệ với chúng tôi với yêu cầu như vậy bằng cách sử dụng các chi tiết liên lạc được cung cấp dưới đây.
Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ có thu thập dữ liệu từ trẻ vị thành niên dưới mười tám (18) tuổi không?
Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ không được thiết kế, hoặc dự định sử dụng bởi bất kỳ cá nhân nào dưới mười tám (18) tuổi. Chúng tôi không cố ý thu thập dữ liệu cá nhân từ trẻ em dưới mười tám (18) tuổi và nếu chúng tôi biết rằng chúng tôi đã vô tình thu thập dữ liệu cá nhân từ trẻ dưới mười tám (18) tuổi, chúng tôi sẽ thực hiện các nỗ lực thương mại hợp lý để xóa dữ liệu cá nhân đó.
Có biện pháp an ninh nào đối với dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác được thu thập thông qua Ứng dụng/Dịch vụ?
RN duy trì các biện pháp an toàn kỹ thuật, quản trị và thực tế thích hợp để bảo vệ dữ liệu cá nhân và các thông tin khác được tiết lộ hoặc thu thập bởi RN. RN thường xuyên xem xét, theo dõi và đánh giá các biện pháp và hệ thống bảo vệ quyền riêng tư của mình. Bất kể các biện pháp bảo vệ chúng tôi thực thi, việc truyền dữ liệu qua Internet và/hoặc mạng di động không đảm bảo an toàn hoàn toàn và RN không bảo đảm về sự an toàn của việc truyền dữ liệu trực tuyến. RN không chịu trách nhiệm về bất kỳ lỗi nào gây ra bởi các cá nhân trong khi gửi dữ liệu cá nhân cho RN.
Tôi có thể liên hệ với ai nếu có câu hỏi hoặc khiếu nại về Chính sách này?
Nếu bạn muốn:
– nhận được một bản sao của thông tin chúng tôi giữ về bạn;
– truyền đạt yêu cầu không tham gia đến RN;
– yêu cầu quyền truy cập, hoặc chỉnh sửa, khóa hoặc xóa dữ liệu cá nhân của bạn;
– khiếu nại về thực hành bảo mật của chúng tôi;
-chọn từ chối một số mục đích sử dụng PII của bạn;
hoặc có bất kỳ thắc mắc nào về thực hành quyền riêng tư của RN và/hoặc Chính sách này, vui lòng liên hệ với chúng tôi qua email tại privacy@surveysampling.com
Phòng Pháp lý của RN chịu trách nhiệm về sự tuân thủ của RN theo Chính sách này.
Có công ty nào khác trong Tập đoàn RN có thể thu thập, lưu trữ và xử lý PII không?
Có, vui lòng xem danh sách công ty ở bên dưới:
Công ty Địa chỉ Văn phòng
Insight Intermediate Holdings (DE), Inc.
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
隱私權政策
以下是 香港 居民的 Research Now Group, Inc. ，亦是註冊地址為 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF 的 Research Now Group Limited 代表其本身及所有 Research Now Group 企業集團成員，包括所有於下文列出的全球 Survey Sampling International, LLC 聯營公司（統稱為「RN」）的政策。所有該等全球實體皆能存取根據本政策而收集的個人資料，亦有可能在閣下的居住國以外（包括美國）存取及／或儲存該等數據。
最先生效：2000 年 2 月 24 日
此版本：2018 年 5 月 7 日生效
下文闡述由RN提供的RN網上小組社群、網站及／或流動應用程式（統稱為「應用程式／服務」） 的私穩政策。
本私隱政策闡述由RN與本文釐定的RN服務及本文釐定的其他RN和第三方活動（「非研究活動」）相關，對個人資料或可辨識的個人身份資訊（「PII」）和其他資訊的收集、使用和披露。RN的服務讓閣下有機會加入小組、參與由RN或第三方（無論是小組成員或是非小組成員）管理的問卷調查、使用與小組關聯網站、使用與小組相關的應用程式／服務，並接受和兌換獎勵和獎勵，包括但不限於與小組會籍及／或完成問卷調查（統稱為「服務」）。非研究活動包括但不限於RN營銷RN服務及／或第三方向閣下推銷其服務及／或與第三方分享個人及／或整體檔案數據以開發營銷分析資料及／或受眾／外觀類似的模型。非研究活動在本私隱政策中有更詳細的描述。
閣下對RN的應用程式／服務的使用完全出於自願，因此RN處理閣下PII與應用程式／服務和非研究活動以及本私隱政策，均已獲閣下同意。
由第三方管理的問卷調查和與此相關所收集的數據不受本私隱政策約束。註冊、使用和瀏覽RN的服務須受RN的條款和條件約束。在大多數情況下，RN並非問卷調查的贊助商，而問卷調查工具、問卷調查結果或問卷調查數據均由問卷調查贊助商擁有。
本私隱政策中對「RN」的所有引用包括RN及其母公司、子公司和聯營公司。本文中所有的「我們」均指RN。所有PII均儲存在位於美國的伺服器上，而RN的伺服器位於美國，亦可讓RN員工及／或代理在全球存取。對於本政策，受訪者是指參與RN服務的任何個人，包括被動數據收集及／或參與本文所述的非研究活動。對於本政策，網上應包括流動網絡瀏覽。
應用程式／服務收集哪些個人資料和其他資訊，及將被如何使用？
RN會在參與問卷調查之前和期間從非小組成員收集PII、敏感資料和人口統計資訊。
閣下提交的其他資訊。
透過自動化方式收集的資訊：
地理位置數據。應用程式／服務將請求閣下從流動裝置取得地理位置資訊的權限，而此地理位置資訊可由應用程式／服務在任何時候提供，無論應用程式／服務是否開啟。如果閣下同意分享閣下的地理位置數據，除按下方「RN的資訊使用」中規定的用途外，RN亦將使用閣下的位置資訊為閣下提供選項以參與基於位置的問卷調查和市場研究，或與第三方客戶分享該等地理位置數據，以示範應用程式／服務參與者的某些位置及／或業務模式。此外，RN可能與第三方供應商分享閣下的地理位置數據，以識別閣下位置附近的商業地址，如商店或餐廳。如欲了解有關此類供應商的更多資訊，請瀏覽 https://www.placed.com，了解所提供服務和地理位置數據的使用方式，包括供應商對基於位置的廣告使用此類數據的情況。
廣告網絡也可以使用地理位置數據為閣下提供基於位置的廣告。下文將更詳細描述廣告網絡對數據的使用及如何選擇退出。
社交媒體資訊。閣下亦有機會透過第三方社交媒體平台存取應用程式／服務。如果選擇此選項，RN可能會收集儲存在閣下社交媒體平台帳戶中的某些個人資料。
Cookie和類似技術。Cookie是在裝置上儲存某些數據的小文件。當閣下關閉瀏覽器時，工作階段 Cookie 會逾時。持久性Cookie會保留在閣下的裝置上，直到刪除或達到指定到期日為止。閣下可以將瀏覽器設定為在收到Cookie時通知閣下。額外的地理及人口統計數據，例如受眾測量數據（見下文定義），或會與第三方分享，亦會與放置於閣下裝置上的 cookie 有關聯。
如適用法律要求且獲閣下同意，第一方和第三方Cookie以及其他類似或相關技術和裝置標識碼（例如，IDFA或AAID等）可以被放置、寫入、設定及／或讀取，以用於若干用途，包括但不限於提供更佳問題問卷調查體驗、品質控制、驗證、啟用或協助參與問卷調查、追蹤完成的問卷調查或其他完成的操作、用於欺詐檢測及／或預防、網上廣告效果研究、網站追蹤和受眾測量，以開發受眾分析資料及／或與營銷活動相關的類似模型，用於將廣告和其他內容定位到個別人士。但是，對於某些Cookie及／或類似或相關技術，如果閣下決定不接受Cookie，閣下將無法使用該應用程式／服務。
Cookie在此有更詳細的描述：
必須
不提供停用選擇。
數碼指紋。通常，數碼指紋識別根據裝置的技術設定、特性和IP地址為裝置分配唯一的標識符。RN使用數碼指紋技術進行品質控制和驗證，以及檢測及／或預防欺詐，包括但不限於識別重複或欺詐的受訪者。如適用法律要求，RN可以直接或透過第三方供應商在閣下同意的情況下實施和使用數碼指紋。
水印。通常，水印涉及將一種技術或文件放置在閣下的裝置上，以識別裝置早前已用於註冊或瀏覽應用程式／服務或服務。水印用於品質控制和驗證用途，以及檢測及／或防止欺詐用途。如適用法律要求，RN可以直接或透過第三方供應商在閣下同意下進行水印製作活動。在某些情況下，為了本私隱政策所述的目的，我們可能會使用透過自動方式收集的資訊和其他資訊來識別跨平台或跨裝置（如智能手機、電腦、平板電腦或相關瀏覽器）的用戶（或家庭）。
從第三方收集的資訊
RN如何使用收集到的資訊？
RN的資訊使用：
重新定位。RN可以不時邀請第三方或第三方在RN網站上顯示廣告或管理RN在其他網站（例如社交媒體網站）上的廣告。RN的第三方合作夥伴可能會使用Cookie或識別數據元素等技術。包括但不限於閣下IDFA或廣告ID，以便在RN的網站及／或其他網站上收集有關閣下活動的資訊，以便：(i) 向閣下提供關於RN及其服務的廣告，及／或 (ii) 協助RN開發市場推廣和廣告活動，旨在針對社交和人口統計資料檔案與閣下社交和人口統計資料類似的個別人士。如果RN正在進行重新定位計劃，而閣下不希望參與此重新定位計劃，請透過本私隱政策或RN的單獨Cookie通知所規定的適用的Cookie選擇退出該流程、選擇退出IDFA或廣告ID及／或透過在廣告內取消訂閱。
受眾分析資料／外觀相似模型。RN及／或第三方可以使用從閣下收集的PII及／或可能將從閣下收集的PII連結到第三方Cookie，以開發與營銷活動相關的受眾分析資料及／或外觀相似模型。
網上廣告效果。關於RN的網上廣告效果計劃，閣下可以參與RN為其客戶進行測試關於廣告、推廣活動、內容、廣告系列及／或網站問卷調查。為協助完成這些問卷調查，RN的客戶可以編寫、設定或讀取Cookie、本機分享／儲存的物件、快閃Cookie及／或任何其他相關技術（每項均為「第三方技術」，而統稱亦為「第三方技術」）。第三方技術可以在各種位置寫入、設定或讀取，包括但不限於RN的伺服器或系統。如果閣下參與，閣下的UID將儲存在或與第三方技術相關聯，以便閣下可以關於網上廣告或推廣接受重新聯繫，而RN的客戶將使用第三方技術，以確定閣下是否已看到、點擊，或以其他方式與網上廣告或推廣互動。如果閣下與網上廣告或推廣互動，RN的客戶將傳送閣下的UID和具體問卷調查予RN，而RN將為閣下提供完成問卷調查的機會。
受眾測量數據。除了使用和分享與網上廣告效果研究相關的受眾測量數據（如下所述）外，正如上文所述的研究，RN可以與第三方分享閣下早前由RN收集的UID和數據，包括但不限於年齡、性別、收入、閣下家中人數、教育／教育水平和就業狀況（「受眾測量數據」），包括但不限於RN的承包商、合作夥伴和／客戶，用於受眾測量報告，其中涵蓋閣下瀏覽、查看及／或點擊的內容、廣告、廣告系列和網站。受眾測量數據將與網上廣告效果研究結合使用，並且用於協助建立、開發和執行網站、網上廣告以及其他互聯網和數碼媒體特點、功能和活動。受眾測量數據可採用單一摘要表格（即單一個受訪者水平）或整體摘要表格（即受訪者小組）方式分享。
廣告客戶／廣告網絡如何使用我的資訊？
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
此外，RN及／或其代理或供應商將代表RN傳送電子郵件通知閣下有關問卷調查的邀請、問卷調查參與、獎勵或獎賞資訊、查詢和回贈、通訊、法律要求提供的通知、抽獎或推廣活動、獲獎抽獎或推廣的通知，以及回覆閣下的查詢。
在閣下向RN提供閣下電話號碼的情況下，RN、其客戶及／或其承包商亦可透過電話與閣下帳戶聯繫，包括但不限於：(i) 閣下已經或正在參與的問卷調查；(ii) 獎勵或獎賞資訊、查詢和回贈；(iii) 抽獎或推廣活動和獎品兌換；(iv) 回覆閣下查詢；(v) 本私隱政策下的通知；(vi) 額外的問卷調查邀請及／或機會；及／或 (vii) 驗證閣下提供給我們的檔案資料。
RN是否透過應用程式／服務與第三方分享個人資料和其他資訊？
(iv) 如果閣下註冊了多個RN小組，則在各個RN小組之間分享；
(v) 給予RN的母公司、子公司或關聯公司：(1) 改組或重組；或 (2) 按照本政策或經閣下授權使用和處理；
(vi) 給予RN及／或RN客戶的授權代理商及／或承包商提供服務，包括但不限於數據附加服務、數據驗證服務、欺詐檢測及／或預防服務、數據庫配對服務、編碼服務、獎勵、獎賞和抽獎相關服務；
(vii) 予客戶就有限的市場研究相關用途，包括但不限於建立模型、驗證、數據附加、數據庫分割、獎勵、獎賞或抽獎兌換、履行及／或加入；
(viii) 關於擁有權或控制權的變更，包括但不限於合併或收購任何或全部RN的業務資產，前提是接收或獲得個人資料的一方同意使用、保護和維護符合本政策的個人資料安全性、完整性和保密性；
(xii) 根據本政策的另行規定。
請注意，RN可能允許客戶直接從受訪者收集PII。此披露是出於自願，而在收集之前，客戶必須與RN簽訂書面協議，除其他事宜外，限制使用PII。
RN可以為本身的非研究目的向第三方（例如，數據代理、數據聚合公司等）許可某些PII，包括但不限於個人水平及／或整體水平數據的許可（例如，產品及／或服務購買或使用活動、社交媒體活動、網站瀏覽數據、互聯網搜尋記錄等），以用於開發受眾分析資料及／或外觀相似模型、用於將此等數據出售予第三方客戶／客戶，目的是進行分析和提供營銷情報及／或使第三方能夠向閣下出售其產品／服務。
此外，透過自動化方式收集的UID和資訊會被提供給第三方，包括但不限於客戶、合作夥伴、代理及／或供應商，用於識別受訪者以重新聯繫進行問卷調查或通訊、欺詐檢測及／或預防、數據配對、數據驗證、數據附加、編碼、數據分割、獎勵，獎賞及／或抽獎或推廣相關服務。
與閣下問卷調查數據相關，RN或客戶可能會將某些人口特性與閣下相關聯。RN可能與第三方分享，包括但不限於客戶，RN在註冊期間從閣下收集的地理及／或人口數據，或透過RN可能會詢問閣下某些個人資料的問題。此類數據可採用單一摘要表格（即單一個受訪者水平）或整體摘要表格（即受訪者小組）方式分享。如果閣下自願披露與閣下問卷調查數據和回應相關的個人資料，RN將收集問卷調查數據和回覆，而RN會將問卷調查數據和回覆、UID和自願披露的個人資料轉移給相關的RN客戶。
如何選擇停用某些數據收集及／或使用？
此應用程式／服務的用戶有多個選擇停用的選項。
在閣下帳戶終止、閣下帳戶沒有活動及／或閣下解除安裝應用程式／服務日期起六個月後，RN可能會將閣下的PII轉移到第三方數據代理及／或數據管理平台，由第三方轉售／重新使用。如果閣下不希望閣下的PII用於非研究活動及／或如果閣下不同意在終止閣下帳戶及／或從閣下裝置中刪除應用程式／服務後，RN與第三方分享閣下的PII，請透過privacy@surveysampling.com與我們聯繫。
適用於iOS的選擇停用位置數據
適用於Android的選擇停用位置數據
對於iOS的選擇停用推送通知
• 在此螢幕中，閣下將能夠修改應用程式／服務的推送通知設定。
選擇停用使用分配給閣下智能手機／裝置的廣告標識碼
廣告網絡 選擇退出資訊
閣下會保存我的個人資料和其他資訊多久？
我可以如何存取應用程式／服務所收集而關於我的個人資料和其他資訊？
我對此政策的問題可以與誰聯繫？
如果閣下希望：
– 收到我們保存關於閣下資訊的副本；
– 向RN傳達選擇退出要求；
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
隱私權政策
以下是 台湾 jp居民的 Research Now Group, Inc.，也是 Research Now Group Limited（登記地址：160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF）代表其本身與 Research Now Group 所有企業成員的政策，包含下列 Survey Sampling International, LLC 的所有全球聯盟夥伴（以下統稱「RN」）。全球所有此類企業實體可在遵守此政策的情況下存取收集的個人資料，並且可以於您居住的國家以外地區（包含美國）存取和/或儲存此類資料。
初始生效日期：2000 年 2 月 24 日
此版本：2018 年 5 月 7 日生效
以下詳列由 RN 提供之 RN 線上評鑑小組社群、網站和/或行動應用程式（統稱「應用程式/服務」）的隱私權政策。
本隱私政策詳定 RN 對與本政策所定義「RN 的服務」以及本政策所定義第三方活動（統稱為「非研究活動」）有關的個人資料或可識別個人身份的資訊（「PII」）以及其他資訊的收集、使用和透露。「RN 的服務」讓您有機會加入評鑑小組、（以評鑑小組成員或非評鑑小組成員身份）參與 RN 或第三方進行的調查、使用評鑑小組相關網站、使用評鑑小組相關「應用程式/服務」，以及獲得和兌換回報和激勵，包括但不限於因身為評鑑小組成員和/或完成調查（統稱為「服務」），而獲提供的抽獎參加資格。「非研究活動」包括但不限於 RN 行銷「RN 服務」和/或第三方行銷其服務給您，和/或分享個人和/或綜合設定檔給第三方，以發展行銷見解和/或行銷對象/可能對象分析模式。本政策有「非研究活動」的更詳細說明。
您對 RN「應用程式/服務」的使用完全出於自願，因此，RN 對您與「應用程式/服務」和「非研究活動」相關的 PII 所進行的處理，已獲得您的同意。
由第三方管理的調查以及在其中收集的資料不受本隱私政策的規限。對 RN 服務的註冊、使用及存取受 RN 條款與條件的規限。在大部分情況下，RN 並非調查的發起人，調查工具以及調查結果或調查資料將由調查發起人擁有。
本隱私政策中所有提及「RN」時應當包括 RN 及其母公司、子公司及關聯公司。所有提及「我們」時均應當指 RN。所有 PII 均儲存在設於美國的伺服器上，RN 的伺服器也設於美國，而且供 RN 員工和/或代理人從全球各地存取。為了本政策的所有目的，將「受訪者」定義為參與「RN 服務」的任何個人，包括任何被動的資料收集和/或參與本政策所述「非研究活動」。為了本政策的所有目的，「線上」的定義包括行動網路瀏覽。
「應用程式/服務」收集哪些個人資料和其他資訊？這些訊息會如何被使用？
RN 在調查之前及參與調查過程中向非評鑑小組成員收集 PII、敏感資料以及人口統計資訊。
您提交的其他資訊。
透過自動化方式所收集到的資訊：
地理位置資料。「應用程式/服務」將會請求您的許可，從您的行動裝置取得地理位置資訊，之後「應用程式/服務」無論是否處於開啟中，均可以提供這類地理位置資訊給他方。如果您同意您的地理位置資料可分享給以下「RN 的資訊使用」所述用途以外之用途，則 RN 也將用您的位置資訊來提供給您此選項：參與依位置區分的調查和市場調查，和/或將這類地理位置資料分享給第三方客戶，以證明「應用程式/服務」的特定位置和/或流量模式。此外，RN 也可能分享您的地理位置資料給第三方廠商，以找出您所在位置附近的商家地址，例如商店或餐廳。要進一步瞭解這類廠商，請前往 https://www.placed.com，查看廠商所提供服務的說明，以及地理位置資料的使用方式，包括廠商將這類資料用於依位置區分的廣告。
地理位置資料也可能為廣告網路所用，以提供給您依位置區分的廣告。以下將更詳細說明廣告網路的資料使用，以及如何退出。
如果您不再希望透過您的裝置分享您的地理位置資料，請在您的裝置變更「應用程式/服務」的隱私設定。
社交媒體資訊。您也可能獲得機會，能透過第三方社交媒體平台存取「應用程式/服務」。如果您作此選擇，RN 可能收集您的社交媒體平台帳戶中儲存的某些設定檔資訊。
Cookie 和類似技術。Cookie 是指在裝置上儲存特定資料的小型檔案。工作階段 Cookie 在您關閉您的瀏覽器時即過期。永續性 Cookie 會存留在您的裝置上，直到被刪除或已屆規定的失效日為止。您可以將您的瀏覽器設定為每當您收到 Cookie 時，即發出通知。其他像是對象衡量資料（定義如下）等地理或人口統計資料可能會與第三方分享，並與您裝置上所裝設的 Cookie 相關。
可能為了一些目的，包括但不限於提供更好的調查參與經驗、品質控管、驗證、允許或方便調查參與、追蹤已完成的調查或其他已完成的動作、詐欺偵測和/或防範、線上和成效研究、網站追蹤和對象衡量、發展行銷宣傳相關對象見解和/或模擬模式，以及定向顯示廣告和其他內容給目標對象個人，來配置、編寫、設定和/或讀取第一方和第三方 Cookie 和其他類似或相關技術以及裝置識別碼（例如 IDFA、AAID 等），如果適用法律有此要求，會事先取得您的同意。但是，也有一些 Cookie 和/或類似或相關技術，如果您決定不接受 Cookie，您將無法使用「應用程式/服務」。
以下將更詳細說明 Cookie：
Accordant
數位指紋。一般情況下，數位指紋會根據裝置的技術設定、特性及 IP 地址，向您的裝置配置一個唯一的識別碼。RN 將數位指紋技術用於品質控制及驗證目的以及詐欺偵測和/或防範，包括但不限於尋找重複或欺詐型的受訪者。RN 可能直接或透過第三方廠商執行和使用數位指紋，如果適用法律有此要求，會事先取得您的同意。
浮水印。一般情況下，浮水印是指在您的裝置放置一種技術或檔案，用於確定該裝置之前是否已經被用於註冊或存取「應用程式/服務」。浮水印用於品質控制和驗證目的以及詐欺偵測和/或防範。RN 可能直接或透過第三方廠商進行浮水印附加作業，如果適用法律有此要求，會事先取得您的同意。在某些情況下，我們可能為了本隱私政策所述目的，利用透過自動化方式所收集到的資訊連同其他資訊，來辨認不同平台或裝置的使用者（或家庭用戶），例如智慧型手機、電腦、平板電腦或相關瀏覽器。
從第三方收集的資訊
RN 如何使用所收集到的資訊？
RN 對資訊的使用：
除了上述目的以外，RN 也會將透過「應用程式/服務」所收集到的個人資料用於下述目的：(i) 與您溝通有關您已成為 RN 所擁有某一調查評鑑小組成員的事宜；(ii) 與您溝通有關您參與某一調查的事宜；(iii) 專門設計調查機會給您，並將廣告安排成能在「應用程式/服務」以外之處顯示給您，以協助您完成廣告回想調查；(iv) 發送調查機會通知給您；(v) 遵守任何和所有法律義務，包括但不限於報稅義務；(vi) 執行和管理 RN 的回報和獎勵計畫，並發放您請求的回報和獎勵；(vii) 協助您參加 RN 的抽獎和促銷活動，並與您溝通有關這類活動參加事宜；(viii) 更新 RN 的記錄；(ix) 遵守任何資料歸併義務或要求；(x) 用於詐欺偵測和/或防範目的；(xi) 將您的裝置和/或設定檔與第三方資料管理平台（「DMP」）上關於您本人和/或您裝置的其他現有資料相連；(xii) 行銷 RN 產品/服務給您；(xiii) 讓第三方能行銷他們的產品/服務給您；(xiv) 讓 RN 或第三方能發展行銷見解和/或對象/可能對象分析模式；(xv) 驗證您提供給我們的設定檔資訊；和/或 (xvi) 本政策允許或您已授權的其他目的。RN 可能將所收集的資訊用於與 RN 管理的其他評鑑小組或與「非研究活動」相關的「應用程式/服務」環境中。關於將「應用程式/服務」資料與第三方 DMP 資料相連，RN 會自己使用這類資料和/或允許 RN 的客戶和/或 DMP 本身使用這類資料，以提供給您調查機會、衡量廣告成效（以下有更詳細說明）、區隔對象；利用依照調查結果和第三方資料判定的「可能」同屬性族群，來設計廣告宣傳；和/或行銷這類第三方的產品/服務給您。
重新定向。RN 可能不時聘請一個或多個第三方在 RN 網站上顯示廣告或管理 RN 在其他網站上的廣告（例如在社交媒體網站上）。RN 的第三方合作夥伴可能用 Cookie 這類技術或身份識別資料元素。包括但不限於您的 IDFA 或廣告識別碼，以收集您在 RN 的網站上和/或在其他網站上的活動情形資訊，以便：(i) 向您提供與 RN 及其服務相關的廣告，並且/或者 (ii) 協助 RN 開發專為具有與您相似的社交和人口統計設定檔的定向人員設計的營銷和廣告活動。如果 RN 正在執行重新定向計畫，並且您不希望參與此重新定向計畫，請透過本隱私政策或 RN 分別的 Cookie 通知中所述適用的 Cookie 退出流程選擇退出，只要修改您的 IDFA 或廣告識別碼和/或直接在廣告內選擇退訂，即可退出。
對象見解/可能對象。RN 和/或第三方可能用向您收集來的 PII，和/或可能將向您收集來的 PII 與某一第三方 Cookie 相連，來發展行銷宣傳相關對象見解和/或可能對象分析模型。
線上廣告成效。關於 RN 的線上廣告成效計畫，您可以參與 RN 正為其客戶進行測試的廣告、促銷、內容、宣傳和/或網站相關調查。為方便完成該等調查，RN 的客戶可能會編寫、設定或讀取 Cookie、本地共享/儲存的對象、Flash Cookie 以及/或者其他相關技術（個別簡稱為「第三方技術」，集體統稱為「第三方技術」）。第三方技術可以於各種不同的位置編寫、設定或讀取，包括但不限於 RN 的伺服器或系統。如果您參加調查，您的 UID 將儲存於第三方技術中或與之關聯，以便就線上廣告或促銷再次聯絡您；而 RN 的客戶將使用第三方技術確定您是否已經看過、點擊或以其他方式與線上廣告或促銷互動。如果您已經與線上廣告或促銷互動，RN 的客戶將向 RN 發送您的 UID 及特定的調查，RN 將向您提供完成調查的機會。
對象衡量資料。除了使用和分享與上述線上廣告成效研究相關的「對象衡量資料」（如下定義）之外，RN 也可能會分享您的 UID 和 RN 之前收集到的資料，包括但不限於年齡、性別、收入、家庭成員人數、學歷/教育水平以及就業狀態（統稱為「對象衡量資料」）給第三方，包括但不限於 RN 的分包商、合作夥伴和/或客戶，分享的目的為提出您所造訪、查看和/點閱內容、廣告、宣傳和網站的對象衡量報告。「對象衡量資料」將用於線上廣告成效研究相關事宜，和協助建立、發展和執行網站、線上廣告以及其他網際網路和數位媒體特點、功能和宣傳。「對象衡量資料」可以透過單一摘要表格（即個人受訪者層面）或匯總摘要表格（即受訪者群體）共享。
廣告主/廣告網路如何使用我的資訊？
廣告合作夥伴對資訊的使用。
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
如果您明確同意接收相關通訊，RN 可能透過「推送」通知或 SMS/文字訊息，聯絡您參與調查。
此外，RN 和/或其代理人或代表 RN 的廠商會發送有關調查參與邀請、調查參與、回報或獎勵資訊、詢問和兌換、電子報、為了提供後述項目的必要通知或法律規定的通知、抽獎或促銷參加資格、抽獎或促銷中獎通知，以及回覆您所提出詢問的電子郵件通訊給您。
如果您提供您的電話號碼給 RN，RN、其客戶和/或其分包商也可能與您電話聯絡，以通知您的帳戶相關事宜，包括但不限於：(i) 您已參與或正參與的調查；(ii) 回報或獎勵資訊、詢問和兌換；(iii) 抽獎或促銷參加資格和獎品發放；(iv) 回覆您的詢問；(v) 本隱私政策規定的通知；(vi) 其他調查參與邀請和/或機會；和/或 (vii) 驗證您已提供給我們的設定檔資訊。
RN 是否會分享透過「應用程式/服務」所收集到的個人資料和其他資訊給第三方？
(i) 已獲得您的同意；
(ii) 為了回應法院或政府機構的傳喚或命令；
(iv) 如果您註冊加入了一個以上的 RN 評鑑小組，可分享給不同的 RN 評鑑小組；
(v) 在下列情況下可分享給 RN 的母公司、子公司或關係企業：(1) 在企業重組或重構的情況下，或 (2) 依照本政策或您授權之下可供使用和處理；
(vi) 為了授權正提供服務的 RN 代理人和/或分包商和/或 RN 客戶，服務包括但不限於資料附加服務、資料驗證服務、詐欺偵測和/或防範服務、資料庫比對服務、編碼服務，以及回報、獎勵和抽獎相關服務；
(vii) 分享給客戶，供其用於有限市場研究相關用途，包括但不限於建立模式、驗證、資料附加、資料庫分割，以及回報、獎勵或抽獎兌換、發放和/或參加；
(viii) 攸關所有權或控制權變更，包括但不限於 RN 任何或所有企業資產受合併或收購，但前提為收到或獲得這類個人資料的一方已同意依照本政策使用、保護和維護個人資料的安全性、完整性和機密性；
(ix) 在 RN 或第三方認為您已侵犯或可能侵犯第三方智慧財產權的情況下，分享給客戶或該客戶的顧客；
(x) 在 RN 或第三方認為您已違反「服務條款」的情況下，分享給客戶或該客戶的顧客；
(xi) 分享給第三方，而且分享的資料應包括 RN 研究客戶和從事「非研究活動」的第三方，讓此第三方能發展行銷宣傳、對象見解、可能對象分析模式和/或行銷此第三方的產品/服務給您；以及
(xii) 為本政策允許的其他分享目的。
除前述情況之外，若您透過與 RN 有合約關係的第三方加入和/或透過由第三方公司傳送的電子郵件要求您加入我們的應用程式/服務（統稱「計劃合作夥伴」），RN 可能與邀請您加入計劃的計劃合作夥伴分享特定加入資訊，這可能包含您的完整姓名、郵遞區號以及您的電子郵件地址。您明白計劃合作夥伴得以根據其隱私權政策收集、使用並披露該資訊。請注意，在您與計劃合作夥伴有直接互動的情況下，RN 將不會也無法就我們計劃合作夥伴針對您的資訊所採取之行動或任何計劃合作夥伴的隱私權政策負任何責任。
請注意，RN 可能允許客戶直接向受訪者收集 PII。該透露是自願的，並且在收集 PII 之前，客戶須與 RN 簽訂一份書面協議，該協議將特別限制 PII 的使用。
RN 可能將 PII 授權給第三方（例如資料代理人、資料彙總人等），供用於其非研究用途，包括但不限於授權個人和/或彙總資料（例如產品和/或服務購買或使用活動、社交媒體活動、網路造訪資料、網際網路搜尋記錄等），供用於發展對象見解和/或可能對象分析模式、供出售這類資料給此地三方的客戶/顧客，以進行分析和提供行銷情報和/或讓此第三方能行銷其產品/服務給您。
此外，也會提供透過自動化方式所收集到的 UID 和資訊給第三方，包括但不限於客戶、合作夥伴、代理人和/或廠商，以確認回訪調查或通訊的受訪者、進行詐欺偵測和/防範、資料庫比對、資料驗證、資料附加、編碼、資料分割，以及提供回報、獎勵和/或抽獎或促銷相關服務。
關於您的調查資料，RN 或客戶可能將特定所屬族群屬性與您連結。RN 可能與第三方（包括但不限於客戶）分享您的所在地區和/或所屬族群資料，這些資料是 RN 在您登記時，或透過 RN 可能問您的某些設定檔問題時所收集。可能以個別受訪者資料或彙總摘要形式（即一組受訪者）與第三方分享這類資料。如果您在調查資料和回答中自願透露個人資料，而且 RN 也收集這些調查資料和回答，RN 會將這些調查資料和回答、UID 和自願透露的個人資料傳送給相關的 RN 客戶。
我可以如何退出某些資料收集和/或使用？
在您的帳戶終止、您的帳戶停止使用和/或您解除安裝「應用程式/服務」當日後六個月，RN 仍可傳送您的 PII 給第三方資料代理人和/或資料管理平台，供此第三方轉售/重複使用。如果您不希望在您的帳戶終止和/或「應用程式/服務」從您的裝置移除之後，您的 PII 仍被用於「非研究活動」，以及/或者您不同意 RN 分享您的 PII 給第三方，請與我們聯絡：privacy@surveysampling.com
在 iOS 上停止允許位置資料存取
注意：如果您關閉「位置服務」，當「應用程式/服務」下次嘗試使用此功能時，您會看到啟動「位置服務」的提示。
在 Android 上停止允許位置資料存取
您可以隨時停止允許「應用程式/服務」存取您的位置資料，步驟如下：
• 點選導覽列右上方的「關於」(ABOUT) 按鈕
• 進入「關於」(ABOUT) 對話方塊之後，您可以透過下列標示的切換功能，切換啟動/關閉「位置服務」：「存取我的位置」(Access to my location)
在 iOS 上停止接收推送通知
• 如果「推送通知」已啟動，會看到一份圖示清單，請點選或選取「應用程式/服務」圖示；以及
• 在此畫面上，您就能修改「應用程式/服務」推送通知設定。
• 點進「應用程式」之後，找出相關應用程式（QuickThoughts 或 iPoll）並選取。
• 找出標示為「顯示通知」(Show notifications) 的核取方塊，然後依照您的偏好進行切換。
停止接受電子郵件通訊
停止使用指定給您的智慧型手機/裝置的廣告識別碼
您可以隨時變更指定給您的廣告識別碼。
退出廣告網路
廣告網路 退出資訊
我能否停止 RN 追蹤我的線上活動情形？
「請勿追蹤」（簡稱「DNT」）是您瀏覽器上的一種偏好設定，您可以設定以通知您瀏覽的網站，您不希望該網站收集與您有關的特定資訊。RN 不會回應 DNT 信號。如果您對 RN 有關 DNT 的做法有異議，您可以按下述方式退出參與或使用 RN 的服務。
關於 RN 的線上廣告成效計畫，RN 允許 RN 的分包商、合作夥伴和/或客戶使用、設定和/或編寫第三方技術，以方便對象衡量及廣告回訪調查活動。對於任何第三方遵守或回應 DNT 信號的情況，RN 不承擔任何責任。如要瞭解更多有關 RN 線上廣告成效計畫的資訊，請查閱本隱私政策的 Cookie 部分。
RN 會留存我的個人資料和其他資訊多久？
RN 留存與您使用「應用程式/服務」相關個人資料和其他資訊的時間，會比照您持續安裝「應用程式」和/或使用「應用程式/服務」的期間，並會持續到前述期間結束後滿一 (1) 年的期間，或法律可能有規定或允許的這類期間。在您的帳戶停止使用和/或您解除安裝「應用程式/服務」當日後六個月，RN 仍可傳送您的 PII 給第三方資料代理人和/或資料管理平台，供此第三方轉售/重複使用。
我可以如何存取「應用程式/服務」已收集到關於我本人的個人資料和其他資訊？
目前有哪些安全措施能保護透過「應用程式/服務」所收集到的個人資料和其他資訊？
如果我對於本政策有疑問，可與誰聯絡？
RN 的法務部負責確保 RN 遵守本政策。
是，請參閱以下公司列表：
公司 辦公室地址
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen.
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France.
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland.
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057.
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain.
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden.
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom.
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong.
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China.
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia.
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619.
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998.
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan.
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil.
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines.
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081.
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Декларация за поверителност
Влиза в сила първоначално на:  2010-01-01
Настоящата версия: в сила  2018-05-19
Декларацията за поверителност описва начина, по който Research Now Limited и Survey Sampling International LLC и техните дружества-майки, дъщерни дружества и свързани дружества (общо „RN SSI“, „ние“, „нас“ или „наш“) обработват лични данни в контекста на онлайн панелни общности, проучвания, програми за награди, уеб сайтове и мобилни приложения (общо „Услугата“). По-конкретно описва видовете лични данни, които събираме във връзка с Услугата, целите, за които събираме тези лични данни, другите страни, с които можем да ги споделяме, и мерките, които предприемаме, за да защитим сигурността на данните. Освен това Ви обяснява правата и изборите по отношение на Вашите лични данни, и как можете да се свържете с нас, за да актуализирате информацията за контакт или да зададете въпроси относно практиките ни за поверителност.
Настоящата декларация за поверителност не важи за обработката на личните Ви данни в контекста на проучвания, администрирани от трети страни. В тези случаи RN SSI не е спонсор на проучването и не е инструмент за проучването, а резултатите от проучването или данните от проучването са и ще бъдат контролирани от спонсора на проучването. Моля, вижте декларацията за поверителност на съответния спонсор, за да научите повече за практиките за поверителност на спонсора.
Регистрацията за, ползването на и достъпът до Услугата са предмет на настоящата декларация за поверителност и на нашите общи условия .
1. Лични данни за Вас, които могат да бъдат събирани
Събираме лични данни по различни начини, които са описани по-долу.  За целите на настоящата декларация за поверителност „Лични данни“ означава всяка информация, свързана с идентифицирано или подлежащо на идентификация лице. Ако е приложимо, посочваме дали и защо трябва да ни предоставите личните си данни, както и последствията, ако не го направите. Ако не предоставите лични данни при поискване, може да не можете да се възползвате от Услугата, ако тази информация е необходима, за да Ви предоставим Услугата или ако сме законово длъжни да ги съберем.
1. Лични данни, предоставени от Вас
Ние Ви молим да предоставите определени Лични данни, когато регистрирате акаунт чрез нашите уебсайтове или мобилни приложения, включително Вашето име, адрес, имейл адрес, телефонен номер, дата на раждане, професия, образование и пол.
Освен това събираме лични данни, които предоставяте в контекста на панел, когато участвате в проучване или във връзка с получаването и осребряването на награди и поощрителни премии. Такава информация включва уникален идентификационен номер за панелист/респондент, който Ви задаваме, когато регистрирате даден профил, и отговорите, които предоставяте при попълване на проучването. В този смисъл можете да изберете да предоставите поверителни лични данни за Вас, като лични данни, които оповестяват или разкриват здравословни и медицински състояния, сексуална ориентация или сексуален живот, политически възгледи/мнения, раса/етнически произход, религиозни и философски убеждения и членство в синдикални организации. Когато това се изисква от закона, получаваме Вашето изрично съгласие за обработката на Вашите поверителни лични данни. Освен това е възможно да събираме съдържание, което изпращате, качвате или предавате, когато използвате Услугата, например снимки и видеоклипове.
2. Данни за местоположение
Възможно е да поискаме Вашето разрешение да получаваме информация за местоположението от Вашето мобилно устройство. Можем да използваме информацията за местоположението Ви, за да Ви предоставим възможност да участвате в проучвания по местоположение и пазарни проучвания или да се споделят такива данни за местоположението с клиенти на трети страни, за да се демонстрират определени модели на трафик на местоположението на участниците, включително, но не само, покупателно поведение въз основа на посетените места.
Ние събираме информацията за местоположението Ви за горепосочените цели с Вашето съгласие. Ако повече не желаете да споделяте информацията за географското си местоположение с нас, моля, променете настройките за поверителност на устройството си.  Ако това се изисква от закона, получаваме Вашето изрично съгласие да споделяме информацията за местоположението Ви с трети страни.
3. Акаунти за социални медии
Може също така да имате възможността за достъп до Услугите чрез платформи за социални медии на трети лица. Ако изберете да получите достъп до Услугите по този начин, може да съберем определена информация за профил, която се съхранява в профила Ви в платформата на социални медии, като например име, пол и имейл адрес.
4. Лични данни, получени чрез автоматизирани средства
Когато използвате Услугата, може да събираме определена информация по автоматизирани начини, като бисквитки и подобни технологии. Бисквитките са малки файлове, съхраняващи определени данни на устройството. Бисквитките създават уникален идентификатор, който е свързан с Вашия браузър. Бисквитките за сесиите изтичат, когато затворите браузъра си, докато постоянните бисквитки остават на устройството Ви, докато бъдат изтрити или след като достигнат определена дата на изтичане.
Информацията, която събираме чрез бисквитките и подобни технологии, може да включва информация за Вашето устройство и неговите възможности, включително типа на устройството и операционната система, други приложения на Вашето устройство, доставчик на мрежови и интернет услуги, часова зона, състояние на мрежата, препращане/излизане от страници, операционна система, дата/час, данни за поточно кликване и уникални идентификационни номера, като IP адрес на устройството Ви, уникален идентификационен номер на устройството, адрес за контрол на достъпа до медиите (MAC) или идентификатор на браузъра. Може да използваме и цифрови пръстови отпечатъци и водни знаци за събиране на горепосочената информация.
Също така е възможно да събираме информация от определени приложения и функционалност, налични на Вашето устройство, ако ни предоставите достъп до тях. Подобна информация включва броя и типа на инсталираните приложения, насочени известия, камера, микрофон, достъп до библиотека със снимки, достъп до файлово съхранение,
Ние използваме тази информация, за да подобрим Услугата, като преценим колко потребители имат достъп или ползват Услугата, кое съдържание, продукти и функции на нашата услуга най-много интересуват нашите посетители, какъв тип оферти искат да виждат нашите клиенти и как се представя нашата услуга от техническа гледна точка.
В някои случаи може да използваме информацията, събрана чрез автоматизирани средства, заедно с друга информация, за да се разпознават потребители (или домакинства) на различни платформи или на различни устройства, като например смартфони, компютри, таблети или свързани браузъри за целите, описани в настоящата Декларация за поверителност. Информацията, събрана чрез цифрови пръстови отпечатъци и технологии за водни знаци, може да се използва и с цел контрол, валидиране, откриване и предотвратяване на измами.
5. Лични данни, които обработваме във връзка с проучване на рекламите на клиентите
Когато използвате Услугата, за да участвате в проучвания относно конкретни реклами и промоции, които RN SSI тества за своите бизнес клиенти, може да видите тези реклами или промоции на няколко места, включително в мобилни приложения, които не са на RN SSI (например в приложение за игри).  След като сте били изложени на съответните реклами и промоции, RN SSI ще Ви предостави достъп до или ще се свърже с Вас, за да попълните проучване за тези реклами или промоции и/или може да предостави определени демографски данни за Вас на рекламодателя или посредник на рекламодателя по отношение на демографските профили на хората, които са гледали рекламата.
За да се улесни попълването на такива проучвания за реклами или промоции, RN SSI си партнира с рекламни компании, които предоставят, измерват или улесняват реклами, включително в други мобилни приложения. Приложението/Услугите предоставят рекламни мрежи с UID, уникален идентификатор на устройството, и друга информация, събрана чрез автоматизирани средства.  След това, когато използвате мобилно приложение, което си партнира с една от рекламните компании, рекламната компанията може да използва Вашия уникален идентификатор на устройство или друга автоматично събрана информация, за да разпознае Вашето устройство. След това рекламната компания може да Ви покаже реклама или промоция, която RN SSI оценява за един от нашите бизнес клиенти. Рекламната компания може след това да информира RN SSI, че устройството, свързано с Вашия UID, току-що е получило реклама или промоция, която позволява на RN SSI да Ви осигури достъп или да се свърже с Вас с цел попълване на проучване по отношение на рекламата или промоцията.
6. Лични данни, предоставени от трети страни
Ние можем да получим лични данни, поведенческа и/или демографска информация от трети страни, като платформи за управление на данни, рекламни мрежи, бюра за информационни услуги и доставчици на извадки. Тези събрани данни могат да включват, но без да се ограничават до, възраст, пол, географско положение, местоположение, присъствие на деца, идентификационни номера на реклами за мобилни устройства, история на покупки, рекламни експозиции, сегменти с подобен вид.
2. Как можем да използваме Вашите лични данни
Ние можем да използваме личните данни, които получаваме от или за Вас, за различни цели, включително:
• Да Ви предложим възможност да участвате в научноизследователски дейности, включително да се присъедините към панел, да участвате в проучвания, администрирани от RN SSI или от трети страни (независимо дали като член на панела или не като член на панела), или да използвате уебсайтове и мобилни приложения, свързани с панели или проучвания.
• Да администрираме, управляваме, изпълняваме, улесняваме влизането и да съобщаваме за награда на RN SSI, стимулиращи програми и други промоции, включително лотарии, предлагани във връзка с членството в панела и/или попълване на проучванията.
• Да общуваме с Вас във връзка с членството Ви в панел, притежаван от RN SSI, или да Ви изпращаме уведомления за участието Ви в проучване и възможности за проучване.
• Да се погрижим да Ви бъдат показвани реклами извън Услугата, за да се улесни попълването на проучвания за връщане.
• Да Ви предоставим Услуги и реклами, съобразени с Вас въз основа на критерии, като Вашите интереси или информация за местоположението, и да дадем възможност на RN SSI и трети страни да разработят маркетингови прогнози, аудитория/модели на подобие на базата на индивидуални и/или обобщени данни за профили и сегментна аудитория. Възможно е например да разработим маркетингови и рекламни кампании, предназначени за целеви субекти, които имат социален и демографски профил, подобен на Вашия.
• Да се оцени ефективността на онлайн реклами и за измерване на аудиторията на уебсайтове, както и в помощ при създаване, развитие и реализиране на уеб сайтове, онлайн реклами и други интернет и цифрови мултимедийни функции, функционалности и кампании.
• За изпращане на специализирани маркетингови съобщения за RN SSI и продукти и услуги на трети страни.
• Да се актуализират записите на RN SSI, да се извършат анализи на данни за целите на RN SSI или за нашите клиенти.
• Да се осигури по-добър опит при проучването, включително контрол на качеството, валидиране, проследяване на попълнените проучвания или други извършени действия
• Да се гарантира безопасността и сигурността, както и да се откриват и предотвратяват измами
• Да се спазват нашите правни задължения, включително, без ограничение, данъчни задължения, или да се прилагат или защитават по друг начин нашите права.
• Както е разрешено по силата на тази Декларация за поверителност или ако сте разрешили друго
Ако се намирате в Европейското икономическо пространство, ние можем да събираме и използваме Вашите лични данни, когато:
• Вие сте дали съгласието си за използването на Вашите лични данни. Възможно е например да искаме да получим Вашето съгласие за използването на бисквитки или подобни технологии, да Ви изпращаме маркетингови съобщения или да обработваме лични данни, считани за поверителни съгласно приложимото законодателство.
• Необходимо е, за да Ви предоставим продукти и услуги, или да отговорим на Вашите запитвания.
• Ние сме длъжни или упълномощени от приложимото право да използваме Вашите лични данни.
• Ние, или третата страна, имаме законен интерес да използваме Вашите лични данни, като например да осигурим и подобрим безопасността, сигурността и производителността на нашите продукти и услуги, да анонимизираме лични данни и да извършваме анализи на данни.
4. Как споделяме Вашите лични данни
Ние можем да разкриваме личните данни, които събираме за Вас, както е описано по-долу, или са разкрити по друг начин в момента, в който се събират данните, включително с:
• Наше дружество-майка, дъщерно дружество и филиали за целите, описани в настоящата Декларация за поверителност.
• Нашите доставчици на услуги, които извършват услуги и обработват лични данни от наше име. Примерите за нашите доставчици на услуги включват нашите доставчици на хранилище за облак, доставчици на инструменти за измами, платформа за събиране на данни за проучвания. Също така можем да споделяме лични данни с брокери и агрегатори на данни, действащи съгласно нашите указания и от наше име, да добавяме, за да обогатим нашата база данни за развитие на информираността на аудиторията и/или модели, анализи и маркетингово разузнаване. По договор изискваме тези доставчици на услуги да обработват само лични данни в съответствие с нашите указания и при необходимост да извършват услуги от наше име или да спазват законовите изисквания. Ние също така изискваме от тях да имат предпазни мерки, предназначени за защитата на сигурността и поверителността на личните данни, които обработват от наше име.
• Програмни партньори, които Ви канят да се присъедините към Услугата и Вие сте се записали.
• Наши клиенти за целите на пазарните проучвания (включително за създаване и валидиране на модели, разкриване и предотвратяване на измами, сегментиране на пазар на данни и съвпадение на бази данни и възнаграждения, стимули или изплащане на лотария, изпълнение и/или вписване), за да им дадем възможност да развиват маркетингови кампании, прозрения на аудиторията, модели с подобен вид и/или да Ви предлагат продукти/услуги на трети страни и с цел идентифициране на респондентите за проучвания или съобщения за повторно контактуване.
• Наш клиент или негов клиент, ако смятаме, че сте или може да нарушите правата върху интелектуална собственост на трета страна или нашите общи условия http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• С трета страна във връзка с реорганизация, сливане, продажба, съвместно предприятие, възлагане, прехвърляне или друго разпореждане на целия или част от нашия бизнес, активи или акции (включително във връзка с несъстоятелност или подобни производства).
• Както е разрешено по друг начин по силата на тази Декларация или (i) ако ни се наложи да разкриваме лични данни за Вас по закон или правен процес, (ii) в отговор на искане от съда, правоприлагащи органи или правителствени служители, или (iii) когато считаме, че разкриването е необходимо или подходящо за предотвратяване на физическа вреда или финансови загуби, или във връзка с разследване на съмнение за действителна измамна или незаконна дейност.
Ние можем да позволим на клиент да събира лични данни директно от Вас. Вие сте свободни да му предоставите личните си данни. В тези ситуации сключваме писмено споразумение с нашите клиенти, наред с други неща, за да ги ограничим да използват личните данни.
4. Вашите права и възможности за избор.
Съгласно приложимото право, може да имате право:
• Да се откажете от определено събиране и използване на личните Ви данни, когато предоставяме Услугата. За повече информация, моля, влезте в акаунта си и променете предпочитанията си.
• Да се откажете от събирането и използването на определена информация, която събираме за Вас по автоматизиран начин. В някои юрисдикции можете да упражнявате своя избор по отношение на използването на бисквитки и подобни технологии чрез Cookie Consent Tool (Инструмент за предоставяне на съгласие за използване на бисквитки) . Вашият браузър може да Ви каже как да бъдете уведомени и да се откажете от поставянето на определени типове бисквитки на Вашето устройство. Имайте предвид, че без определени бисквитки може да не сте в състояние да използвате всички функции на нашите уеб сайтове, приложения или онлайн услуги.
• Да заявите достъп до и да получавате информация за личните данни, които поддържаме за Вас, за актуализиране и коригиране на неточности в личните Ви данни, за ограничаване или възразяване срещу обработването на личните Ви данни, за анонимиране или изтриване на информацията според случая или за упражняване на правото Ви на преносимост на данни, за да прехвърляте лесно информация на друга компания. Освен това може да имате право да подадете жалба до надзорен орган, включително във Вашата страна на пребиваване, място на работа или където е възникнал инцидент.
• Да изтеглите всяко съгласие, което сте предоставили по-рано във връзка с обработката на личните Ви данни, по всяко време и безплатно. Ще приложим Вашите предпочитания занапред и това няма да засегне законосъобразността на обработката преди оттеглянето на Вашето съгласие.
Тези права могат да бъдат ограничени при определени обстоятелства от местните законови изисквания.
Можете да спрете събирането на лични данни и друга информация от нас чрез деинсталирането на Услугите или прекратяване на участието Ви във всички панели. Можете да използвате стандартните процеси за деинсталиране, които са част от Вашето мобилно устройство или чрез пазара за мобилни приложения или мрежа, или можете да се откажете от Вашия профил за панелисти в сайта на панела.  Моля, имайте предвид, че ако изтриете мобилното приложение, но поддържате профил на някой от нашите уебсайтове, ние все още може да събираме лични данни и други данни от Вас чрез нашите уебсайтове. Деинсталирането на мобилното приложение няма да изтрие цялата събрана от нас информация преди деинсталирането на Услугите. За да изтриете цялата събрана от нас информация, моля, свържете се с нас, както е описано по-долу.
Ако желаете да упражните правата си, описани по-горе, или да прекратите акаунта си, моля, свържете се с нас, както е посочено в раздел „Как да се свържете с нас“ по-долу.
5. Защита и съхранение на данни
Ние поддържаме подходящи технически, административни и физически предпазни мерки за защита на лични данни и друга информация, разкрити или събрани от нас, срещу случайно, незаконно или неоторизирано унищожаване, загуба, промяна, достъп, разкриване или използване. Ние редовно преглеждаме, наблюдаваме и оценяваме нашите практики за защита на личните данни и системи за защита. Въпреки мерките за безопасност, които използваме, предаванията по интернет или по мобилна мрежа не са напълно безопасни и съответно не можем да гарантираме сигурността на онлайн предаванията. Ние не носим отговорност за каквито и да било грешки от физически лица при подаването на лични данни към нас.
Освен това предприемаме мерки за изтриване на Вашите лични данни или за запазване във форма, която не позволява да Ви идентифицираме, когато тази информация вече не е необходима за целите, за които я обработваме, освен ако не се изисква от закона да съхраняваме тази информация за по-дълъг период. При определянето на периода на съхранение се вземат предвид различни критерии, като вида на продуктите и услугите, поискани от Вас или предоставени Ви, естеството и продължителността на нашите взаимоотношения с Вас, евентуално повторно записване за нашите продукти или услуги, въздействието върху услугите, които Ви предоставяме, ако изтрием някаква информация от или за Вас, задължителни периоди на съхранение, предвидени от закона и ограниченията.
6. Предаване на информация
Вашите лични данни могат да бъдат предадени на получатели в страни, различни от страната, в която се намирате, включително и в Съединените щати, където е седалището на компанията-майка на Research Now и Survey Sampling International. Тези държави може да нямат същите закони за защита на данните като държавата, в която първоначално сте предоставили информацията. Когато предаваме Вашите лични данни в други държави, ние ще защитим тази информация, както е описано в настоящата Декларация за поверителност или както Ви е оповестено по време на събирането.
Ако се намирате в Европейското икономическо пространство или Швейцария, ние спазваме приложимите правни изисквания, осигуряващи адекватни гаранции за предаването на лични данни в трети държави.
7. Забрана на следенето
Забрана на следенето (Do Not Track („DNT“) e предпочитание в браузъра Ви, с което можете да уведомите уебсайтове, които посещавате, че не искате да събират определена информация за Вас. RN SSI не реагира на DNT сигнали. Ако не одобрявате практиката на RN SSI по отношение на DNT сигналите, можете да се откажете от участие или използване на услугите на RN SSI, както е описано по-долу.
Във връзка с програмата на RN SSI за ефективност на онлайн рекламата, RN SSI позволява на подизпълнители, партньори и/или клиенти на RN SSI да премахнат, поставят и/или създават технологии на трети страни с цел улесняване измерването на аудиторията и дейностите за проучване прекратяването на реклами. RN SSI не носи отговорност по отношение спазването или отговора на DNT сигнали, от която и да е трета страна.
8. Без деца
Услугата не е предназначена за или насочена към употреба от лица под 16-годишна възраст. Ние не събираме целенасочено лични данни на деца на възраст под шестнадесет (16) години, но ако разберем, че непреднамерено сме събирали лични данни от дете, което не е навършило шестнадесет (16) години, ще предприемем разумни търговски усилия, за да заличим тези лични данни.
9. Актуализации на настоящата декларация за поверителност
Това глобално известие за поверителност може да се актуализира периодично, за да отрази промените в нашите практиките за лични данни. Ние ще публикуваме ясно предупреждение на съответните уебсайтове, за да Ви уведомим за всякакви значими промени в нашето глобално известие за поверителност и в горната част на известието ще посочим датата на последната актуализация. Ако актуализираме нашето глобално известие за поверителност, при определени обстоятелства може да поискаме Вашето съгласие.
10. Как да се свържете с нас
Ако имате някакви въпроси или коментари относно нашите практики за защита на личните данни или относно настоящата декларация за поверителност, или ако искате да се откажете от определени начини на използване на личните Ви данни, да упражните правата си във връзка с Вашите личните данни, които съхраняваме, или да подадете жалба относно практиката за защита на личните данни, моля, не се колебайте да се свържете с Research Now Limited или със Survey Sampling International LLC, както е описано по-долу.
• Research Now Limited: пишете ни на адрес: privacy@surveysampling.com или на 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF, Внимание: Служител по защита на данните.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: пишете ни на адрес: privacy@surveysampling.com или на 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 United States.
Research Now Group, Inc. Zásady ochrany osobních údajů
Datum prvního vstoupení v platnost: 2010-01-01
Tato verze:platnost  2018-05-19
Tyto Zásady ochrany osobních údajů popisují, jak společnosti Research Now Limited a Survey Sampling International LLC a jejich mateřské, dceřiné či partnerské společnosti (dále jen „RN SSI“, „my“, „nám“, „naše“ atd.) zpracovávají osobní údaje v kontextu online panelů, průzkumů, odměňovacích programů, stránek a mobilních aplikací (dále jen „služby“). Zejména pak popisuje typy osobních údajů, které v rámci poskytování služeb zaznamenáváme, za jakým účelem tak činíme, další strany, se kterými je smíme sdílet, a opatření, která uplatňujeme na ochranu jejich zabezpečení. Dále uvádí vaše práva a možnosti související s osobními údaji a jak nás můžete kontaktovat, pokud chcete svá data aktualizovat nebo nám položit související dotaz.
Tyto Zásady ochrany osobních údajů neplatí pro zpracování osobních údajů v kontextu průzkumů spravovaných třetími stranami. V takových případech není společnost SSI sponzorem průzkumů a nástrojů průzkumů a výsledky těchto průzkumů nebo údaje z nich plynoucí zůstávají pod kontrolou sponzora průzkumu. Další informace o postupech sponzora daného průzkumu zjistíte v zásadách ochrany osobních údajů daného sponzora.
Registrace, používání a přístup u našich služeb vždy podléhá těmto zásadám ochrany osobních údajů a našim smluvním podmínkám.
1. Osobní údaje, které můžeme zaznamenávat
Osobní údaje zaznamenáváme různými, níže uvedenými způsoby. Pro účely těchto zásad platí, že za „osobní údaje“ se považují veškeré informace, které souvisí s identifikovanou nebo identifikovatelnou osobou. V příslušných případech uvádíme, zda a proč musíte osobní data uvést a zároveň důsledky případného rozhodnutí je neposkytnout. Pokud na požádání osobní data neuvedete a daná služba se bez nich neobejde (případně jsme povinni dané osobní údaje zaznamenávat ze zákona), nemůžete takovou službu využívat.
7. Vámi poskytované osobní údaje
O určité osobní údaje vás požádáme při registraci účtu na našich stránkách nebo mobilní aplikaci. Sem patří mimo jiné i jméno, adresa, e-mailová adresa, telefonní číslo, datum narození, povolání, dosažené vzdělání a pohlaví.
Dále vaše osobní údaje zaznamenáváme v souvislosti s vaší účastí v panelových skupinách a průzkumech nebo ve spojení s přijetím a využitím odměn či motivačních bonusů. Sem patří mimo jiné při registraci účtu přidělené unikátní identifikační číslo respondenta / účastníka panelu a odpovědi, které v průzkumu uvedete. V tomto kontextu platí, že si můžete vybrat, zda nám poskytnete i citlivé osobní údaje. Sem patří například zdravotní stav, sexuální orientace či životní styl, politické názory, rasový/etnický původ, náboženské či filozofické přesvědčení nebo členství v odborech. Pokud to vyžaduje zákon, vždy vás před zpracováním citlivých osobních údajů požádáme o výslovný souhlas. Zaznamenávat a uchovávat můžeme také obsah, který pošlete, nahrajete nebo jinak převedete pomocí našich služeb, např. fotografie nebo videa.
8. Údaje o poloze
Můžeme požádat o povolení zjišťovat z vašeho mobilního zařízení vaši geografickou polohu. Tuto možnost využíváme v případě nabídky geograficky specifikovaných průzkumů nebo ke sdílení dat o poloze s klienty za účelem prezentace určitých provozních vzorců, včetně mimo jiné nákupních zvyků a chování podle navštívených míst.
Informace o poloze zaznamenáváme za výše uvedenými účely s vaším souhlasem. Pokud si již nepřejete s námi informace o poloze sdílet, změňte prosím příslušné nastavení na svém zařízení. Pokud to vyžaduje zákon, požádáme vás před sdílením informací o poloze s třetími stranami o výslovný souhlas.
9. Účty sociálních médií
S nabídkou přístupu k službám můžete být rovněž osloveni prostřednictvím sociálních médií třetí strany. Pokud se rozhodnete získat k našim službám přístup tímto způsobem, můžeme zaznamenat některé informace uvedené na účtu sociálních médií, např. jméno, pohlaví a e-mailovou adresu.
10. Osobní údaje získávané automatizovanými prostředky
Když používáte naše služby, můžeme některé informace zaznamenávat automatizovanými prostředky, např. přes soubory cookies a další podobné technologie. Soubory cookies jsou malé soubory, které na zařízení uchovávají určité údaje. Tyto soubory pak vytvářejí unikátní číslo, které je spojeno s vaším prohlížečem.Relační soubory cookies zaniknou po uzavření prohlížeče, trvalé cookies však na zařízení zůstávají, dokud nejsou vymazány nebo nedosáhnout stanovené časové lhůty.
Mezi informace, které zaznamenáváme pomocí souborů cookies a dalších podobných technologií o vašem zařízení a jeho kapacitách, patří například: typ zařízení a operační systém, další aplikace na vašem zařízení, poskytovatel připojení k internetu, časové pásmo, stav připojení, typ prohlížeče, referenční/výstupní stránky, datum/čas operace, „click stream“ data a unikátní identifikační čísla, např. IP adresy, unikátní identifikační číslo zařízení, Media Access Control (MAC) adresa nebo identifikátor prohlížeče. Výše uvedené informace můžeme také zaznamenávat pomocí digitálních otisků prstů nebo vodoznaků.
Pokud nám k nim poskytnete přístup, můžeme také zaznamenávat informace z některých aplikací nebo funkcí na vašem zařízení. Sem patří například počet a typ nainstalovaných aplikací, push notifikace, fotoaparát, mikrofon, přístup k fotografiím nebo přístup k uloženým souborům.
Pomocí těchto informací zjišťujeme, kolik uživatelů naše služby používá, jaký obsah, produkty nebo funkce naše návštěvníky nejvíce zajímají, jaké typy nabídek se jim líbí, jak naše služby fungují technicky a jak naše služby případně vylepšit.
V některých případech můžeme používat údaje shromážděné prostřednictvím automatizovaných nástrojů společně s dalšími údaji za účelem identifikace uživatelů (nebo domácností) napříč platformami nebo zařízeními, jakou jsou chytré telefony, počítače, tablety nebo související prohlížeče, a to za účelem uvedeným v těchto Zásadách ochrany osobních údajů. Informace zaznamenané pomocí digitálních otisků prstů a vodoznaků slouží také ke kontrole kvality, ověření a prevenci a vyhledávání podvodů.
Další informace o používaných typech souborů cookies a účelech, za jakými zaznamenávané informace používáme, naleznete v našem Nástroji souhlas s přijímáním souborů cookies.
11. Osobní údaje, které zpracováváme v souvislosti s průzkumem o reklamě klienta
Když naše služby využíváte k účasti na průzkumu ohledně konkrétních reklam a akcí, které společnosti RN SSI testuje pro svého obchodního klienta, můžete tyto reklamy nebo akce vidět na různých místech, včetně mobilních aplikací, které nejsou od společnosti RN SSI (např. hry). Poté, co budete příslušným reklamám a akcím patřičně vystaveni, vám společnost RN SSI poskytne přístup odpovídajícímu k dotazníku (případně vás kontaktuje ohledně jeho vyplnění) a/nebo poskytne autorům reklamy nebo jejich zástupcům určitá demografická data osob, které reklamu viděly.
Za účelem podpory dokončení takových průzkumů týkajících se reklamy nebo akcí uzavřela společnost RN SSI partnerství s marketingovými společnostmi, které poskytují, měří nebo podporují inzerci, mimo jiné také v dalších mobilních aplikacích. Aplikace/služby poskytují reklamním sítím vaše unikátní identifikační číslo, unikátní identifikátor zařízení a další informace získané automatizovanými prostředky. Pokud tedy používáte mobilní aplikaci, která uzavřela partnerství s některou marketingovou společností, tato společnost může unikátní identifikátor vašeho zařízení nebo další automaticky shromažďované informace používat za účelem rozpoznání vašeho zařízení. Marketingová společnost vám poté může přiřadit reklamu nebo akci, kterou společnost RN SSI testuje pro některého ze svých obchodních klientů. Marketingová společnost může poté společnost RN SSI informovat, jakmile se na zařízení, které je přiřazeno k vašemu UID, reklama nebo akce zobrazí, na základě čehož vám společnost RN SSI poskytne přístup k průzkumu nebo vás požádá o vyplnění průzkumu, který se této reklamy nebo akce týká.
12. Osobní údaje poskytované třetími stranami
Osobní údaje, behaviorální a demografická data můžeme získávat také od třetích stran, např. platforem pro správu dat, reklamních sítí, informačních služeb a dodavatelů vzorků. Sem patří mimo jiné věk, pohlaví, geografická poloha, existence a přítomnost dětí, čísla mobilních reklam, záznamy o nákupech, vystavení inzerci, podobné skupiny.
2. Jak můžeme vaše osobní údaje využívat
Osobní data, které u vás získáme, můžeme využívat za řadou účelů, včetně:
• K nabídce možnosti účastnit se průzkumných činností, včetně účasti v panelových skupinách a v průzkumech spravovaných ze strany RN SSI nebo třetích stran (ať už jako člen panelu nebo jinak), případně možnosti používat webové stránky a mobilní aplikace spojené s panelovými skupinami a průzkumy.
• Správy, managementu a plnění odměňovacích a motivačních programů společnosti RN SSI nebo jiných akcí, případně umožnění účasti a související komunikace, včetně slosování nabízeného ve spojení s účastí v panelu a/nebo vyplněním průzkumu.
• Komunikace související s účastí na panelové skupině vlastněné společnosti RN SSI nebo zasílání upozornění na účast v průzkumech a osobně upravených průzkumných příležitostí.
• Přípravy zobrazování reklam mimo naše služby za účelem umožnění účasti na průzkumu.
• Poskytování pro vás upravených služeb a reklamy podle osobních kritérií, např. vašich zájmů nebo geografické polohy, a získávání marketingových informací a modelů založených na individuálních a/nebo agregovaných profilových údajích a segmentovaných cílových skupinách, ať už se strany RN SSI nebo třetích stran. Můžeme například připravit marketingovou a reklamní kampaň zaměřenou na osoby s podobnými sociálními a demografickými vlastnostmi, jako máte vy.
• Měření efektivity online reklamy a návštěvnosti webových stránek a za účelem podpory tvorby, vývoje a implementace webových stránek, on-line reklamy a dalších funkcí internetu a digitálních médií a kampaní.
• Zasílání osobně upravené marketingové komunikace o produktech a službách společnosti RN SSI a třetích stran.
• Aktualizace záznamů společnosti RN SSI a datové analýzy pro účely společnosti RN SSI nebo našich klientů.
• Poskytování lepších průzkumů, včetně kontroly kvality, ověření, sledování vyplnění a další provedené činnosti.
• Zajištění bezpečnosti a zabezpečení a prevence a vyhledávání podvodů.
• Splnění zákonných povinností, včetně mimo jiné daňových nebo jiných povinností a práv.
• Jak je povoleno v těchto Zásadách ochrany osobních údajů nebo podle vašeho svolení
Pokud se nacházíte v Evropském hospodářském prostoru, můžeme osobní údaje zaznamenávat, když:
• Vyjádříte s používáním osobních údajů svůj souhlas. Například můžeme požádat o váš souhlas s využíváním souborů cookies nebo podobných technologií, se zasíláním marketingové komunikace nebo zpracování osobních údajů považovaných příslušným zákonem za citlivé.
• To bude nutné za účelem poskytování našich produktů a služeb nebo v reakci na dotaz.
• Příslušný zákon zaznamenávání osobních údajů vyžaduje nebo povoluje.
• My nebo třetí strana máme na využití osobních údajů legitimní zájem, např. při zajištění a zlepšování bezpečnosti, zabezpečení a výkonů našich produktů a služeb, při anonymizaci osobních údajů a provádění analýzy dat.
4. Jak osobní údaje sdílíme
Zaznamenávané osobní údaje můžeme za podmínek uvedených níže nebo za podmínek uvedených při získávání těchto údajů dále předávat následujícím objektům:
• Naše mateřské či dceřiné společnosti a partneři, a to za účelem popisovaným v těchto zásadách ochrany osobních údajů.
• S poskytovateli služeb, kteří zpracovávají osobní údaje naším jménem. Příkladem takového poskytovatele služeb jsou například cloudová úložiště, poskytovatelé nástrojů pro prevenci podvodů nebo platforma pro získávání dat z průzkumů. Osobní údaje můžeme sdílet také se zprostředkovateli a agregátory dat, kteří pracují podle našich pokynů a naším jménem za účelem obohacení naší databáze a rozvoj informací o cílových skupinách a/nebo modelech, analýzy a získávání marketingových informací.Poskytovatelé služeb musí podle smlouvy zpracovávat osobní údaje výhradně podle našich pokynů a v míře nutné k výkonu služeb naším jménem nebo splnění zákonných povinností. Dále vyžadujeme, aby zavedli příslušná opatření pro zajištění bezpečnosti a důvěrnosti osobních údajů, které naším jménem zpracovávají.
• Programoví partneři, kteří vás vyzvali k používání našich služeb a přes které jste se registrovali.
• Naši klienti za účely související s průzkumem trhu (včetně vytváření a ověřování modelů, prevence a odhalování podvodů, segmentace dat a prací s databázemi, přípravy motivačních odměn nebo provedení a naplnění slosování o odměny a/nebo účasti v takovém slosování), za účelem vývoje marketingových kampaní, získávání informací o cílových skupinách a vytváření statistických modelů a/nebo nabízení produktů/služeb třetích stran, a za účelem identifikace respondentů pro opakované či související průzkumy nebo komunikaci.
• Naši klienti nebo jejich zákazníci, pokud se domníváme, že jste porušili nebo mohli porušit práva duševního vlastnictví třetí strany nebo naše smluvní podmínkyhttp://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• S příslušnou třetí stranou v případě reorganizace, fúze, prodeje, společného podniku, přidělení, převodu nebo jiné změny uspořádání naší společnosti, aktiv nebo akcí nebo jejich částí (včetně ve spojení s bankrotem nebo podobným procesem).
• Jak je jinak povoleno podle těchto zásad nebo (i) pokud musíme osobní údaje předat ze zákona či v rámci právního procesu, (ii) v reakci na žádost soudu, státních úřadů nebo úředních představitelů, nebo (iii) když se domníváme, že je předání nutné nebo vhodné pro zabránění fyzické újmě nebo finančním škodám, nebo ve spojení s vyšetřováním podezření na podvodnou nebo nezákonnou činnost, případně přímo takové činnosti.
Zaznamenávání osobních údajů přímo od vás můžeme také povolit svým klientům. Své osobní údaje jim můžete svobodně předat sami.V takových případech uzavřeme s klientem písemnou smlouvu, která mimo jiné omezuje jejich využití osobních údajů.
4.Vaše práva a možnosti
Podle platného zákona máte právo:
• Odmítnout zaznamenávání a používání některých osobních údajů při poskytování našich služeb. Další informace získáte po přihlášení na účet a změně svého nastavení.
• Odmítnout zaznamenávání a používání některých informací, které zaznamenáváme automatizovanými prostředky. V některých jurisdikcích můžete svůj souhlas s používáním souborů cookies a podobných technologií spravovat pomocí nástroje pro souhlas se soubory cookies. Možnost upozornění a případně odmítnutí některých typů souborů cookies na vašem zařízení může také nabízet váš prohlížeč. Upozorňujeme, že bez některých souborů cookies nemusí všechny funkce našich stránek, aplikací a online služeb správně fungovat.
• Požádat o přístup k osobním údajům a o informace o osobních údajích, které o vás uchováváme, aktualizovat a opravit nepřesnosti, omezit zpracovávání svých osobních údajů nebo vznést své výhrady, zažádat o anonymizaci nebo vymazání nebo uplatnit své právo na přenos dat jiné společnosti. Dále máte právo podat stížnost ke kontrolním orgánům, včetně těch ve vaší zemi, na vašem pracovišti nebo na místě, kde k dané události došlo.
• Zrušit dříve vydaný souhlas se zpracováním osobních údajů, kdykoli a zdarma. Vaše nastavení začne platit s provedením případných změn a zákonnost předchozího zpracování se nijak nemění.
Tato práva mohou být za určitých podmínek podle místního zákona omezena.
Veškeré shromažďování osobních údajů a dalších informací můžete zastavit tak, že služby odinstalujete nebo ukončíte své členství ve všech panelech. Můžete využít standardní proces pro odinstalování, který je k dispozici na vašem mobilním zařízení, dále obchod nebo síť mobilní aplikace, nebo můžete své členství zrušit na webových stránkách panelu.  Upozorňujeme, že pokud odstraníte mobilní aplikaci, ale ponecháte si profil na některé z našich webových stránek, budeme moci i nadále shromažďovat vaše osobní údaje a další informace o vás prostřednictvím těchto webových stránek. Odinstalováním mobilní aplikace nedojde k odstranění údajů shromážděných předtím, než k odinstalování došlo. Pokud chcete, aby byly odstraněny všechny údaje, kontaktujte nás prosím níže uvedeným způsobem.
Pokud chcete uplatnit svá práva popsaná výše nebo smazat svůj účet, kontaktujte nás prosím způsobem uvedeným v části „Kontakt“ níže.
5.Zabezpečení a uchovávání dat
Na ochranu osobních údajů i získaných dalších informací máme zavedena odpovídající technická, administrativní a fyzická opatření proti náhodnému, nezákonnému nebo nepovolenému zničení, ztrátě, úpravám, přístupu, převádění nebo použití. Své postupy v oblasti ochrany soukromí a systémů pravidelně kontrolujeme, sledujeme a hodnotíme. I přes bezpečnostní opatření, která zavádíme, nemusí být přenosy prostřednictvím internetu nebo mobilních sítí úplně bezpečné a bezpečnost těchto on-line přenosů není zcela zaručena. Odmítáme jakoukoli odpovědnost za chyby, kterých se uživatel dopustí při zasílání svých osobních údajů.
Pokud zákon nestanovuje jinak, máme zavedena opatření, která zajistí likvidaci osobních údajů, případně jejich uchování ve formě, která neumožňuje identifikaci, v případech, že původní účel zpracování již jejich uchování nevyžaduje. Při určování této časové lhůty zahrnujeme různá kritéria, např. typ požadovaného produktu nebo služby, povahu a délky našich vzájemných vztahů, možnost znovu začít využívat naše produkty, dopad na poskytované služby, pokud určitá data vymažeme, a povinné zákonné a předepsané lhůty.
6.Přenosy dat
Vaše osobní údaje mohou být zasílány příjemcům v jiných zemích, než ve kterých se nacházíte, včetně USA, kde má mateřská společnost Research Now a Survey Sampling International své sídlo. V těchto zemích nemusí platit stejné zákony na ochranu informací jako v zemi, ve které jste údaje původně poskytli. Když přenášíme vaše osobní údaje do jiných zemí, budeme je chránit zde uvedeným způsobem, případně způsobem uvedeným v době poskytnutí.
Pokud se nacházíte v Evropském hospodářském prostoru nebo ve Švýcarsku, splníme všechny příslušné zákonné požadavky a uplatníme všechna odpovídající opatření pro převádění osobních údajů do třetích zemí.
7.Nesledovat
Do not Track („DNT“), tj. nesledovat, je předvolba, která je součástí vašeho prohlížeče, pomocí které můžete informovat webové stránky, které navštěvujete, že si nepřejete, aby o vás zaznamenávaly určité údaje. Společnost RN SSI na signály DNT nereaguje. Pokud máte vůči postupům společnosti RN SSI námitky týkajících se signálů DNT, můžete svou účast nebo používání služeb společnosti RN SSI zamítnout tak, jak je popsáno níže.
V souvislosti s programem účinnosti on-line reklamy společnosti RN SSI, umožňuje společnost svým subdodavatelům, partnerům a/nebo klientům spouštět, nastavovat a/nebo zapisovat technologie třetí strany, a to za účelem usnadnění měření publika a činností souvisejících s průzkumem týkajícím se zapamatování inzerce. Společnost RN SSI odmítá jakoukoli odpovědnost za odpovídající reakce třetích stran na DNT signály.
8.Žádné děti
Naše služby nejsou určeny pro osoby mladší 16 let. Osobní údaje osob mladších 16 let vědomě neshromažďujeme a v případě, že zjistíme, že jsme neúmyslně shromáždili osobní údaje osoby mladší 16 let, přijmeme odpovídající opatření, aby tyto osobní údaje byly odstraněny.
9.Změny Zásad ochrany osobních údajů
Tyto globální zásady ochrany osobních údajů se pravidelně aktualizují tak, aby odpovídaly našim postupům. Na všechny důležité změny vás upozorníme zveřejněním jasně viditelného prohlášení na všech odpovídajících stránkách s datem zahájení platnosti daných změn.Když provedeme v globálním prohlášení o ochraně soukromí změny, můžeme vás v určitých případech znovu požádat o souhlas.
10.Kontakt
Pokud máte jakékoli dotazy ohledně našich postupů při ochraně soukromí, případně přímo k těmto zásadám ochrany osobních údajů, nebo chcete odmítnout určité využívání osobních údajů, uplatnit svá související práva nebo podat na naše postupy stížnost, kontaktujte prosím společnosti Research Now Limited nebo Survey Sampling International LLC způsobem uvedeným níže.
• Research Now Limited: pište na privacy@surveysampling.com  nebo na 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF, Attention:Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: pište na privacy@surveysampling.com nebo na 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 United States.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger
Først gældende:  2010-01-01
Denne version: Ikrafttræden  2018-05-19
Politikken om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger beskriver, hvordan Research Now Limited og Survey Sampling International LLC og deres moder-, datter- og tilknyttede selskaber (samlet ”RN SSI”, ”vi”, ”os” eller ”vores”) behandler personlige oplysninger i forbindelse med online paneler, spørgeundersøgelser, belønningsprogrammer, hjemmesider og mobilapps (samlet ”Ydelserne”). Den beskriver især de typer personlige oplysninger, som vi indsamler i forbindelse med Ydelserne, de formål hvortil vi indsamler disse personlige oplysninger, de andre parter, som vi deler dem med, og de forholdsregler vi tager for at beskytte disse datas sikkerhed. Den fortæller dig også om dine rettigheder og valg med hensyn til dine personlige oplysninger, og hvordan du kan kontakte os for at opdatere dine kontaktoplysninger eller stille spørgsmål om vores personoplysningspraksis.
Denne politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger gælder ikke for behandlingen af dine personlige oplysninger i forbindelse med spørgeundersøgelser administreret af tredjeparter. I disse tilfælde er RN SSI ikke sponsor af undersøgelsen, og sponsoren af undersøgelsen er eller vil være ansvarlig for undersøgelsesinstrumentet, undersøgelsesresultaterne eller undersøgelsesdata. Se venligst den relevante sponsors politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger for at lære mere om den pågældende sponsors praksis om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger.
Registrering hos, brug af og adgang til tjenesten er underlagt denne politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger og vores Vilkår og betingelser.
1. Personlige oplysninger, der kan blive indsamlet om dig
Vi indsamler personlige oplysninger på forskellige måder beskrevet nedenfor.  Med hensyn til denne politik om beskyttelses af personlige oplysninger betyder ”personlige oplysninger” alle oplysninger vedrørende en identificeret eller identificerbar person. Hvor det er relevant, vil vi angive hvorvidt og hvorfor du skal give os dine personlige oplysninger, samt følgerne af ikke at gøre det. Hvis du ikke afgiver personlige oplysninger, når du bliver bedt om det, vil du muligvis ikke være i stand til at drage fordel af Ydelserne, hvis disse oplysninger er nødvendige for at levere Ydelserne til dig, eller hvis vi er juridisk forpligtet til at indsamle dem.
13. Personlige oplysninger afgivet af dig
Vi beder dig om at afgive visse personlige oplysninger, når du opretter en konto gennem vores hjemmesider eller mobile applikation, herunder dit/din navn, adresse, telefonnummer, fødselsdato, beskæftigelse, uddannelse og køn.
Derudover indsamler vi personlige oplysninger, som du afgiver i forbindelse med et panel, når du deltager i en undersøgelse eller i forbindelse med modtagelse og indløsning af belønninger og tilskyndelser. Sådanne oplysninger omfatter et unikt paneldetager-/respondentidentifikationsnummer, som vi tildeler dig, når du opretter en konto, og de svar du afgiver, når du udfylder en undersøgelse. I denne sammenhæng kan du vælge at afgive følsomme personlige oplysninger om dig, såsom personlige data, der oplyser eller afslører sundheds- og helbredstilstande, seksuel orientering eller seksualliv, politiske holdninger/synspunkter, race/etnisk oprindelse, religiøse og filosofiske overbevisninger og fagforeningsmedlemskab. Hvor påkrævet ved lov indhenter vi dit udtrykkelige samtykke til at behandle dine følsomme personlige oplysninger. Vi kan også indsamle indhold, som du indsender, opslår eller overfører, når du bruger tjenesten, såsom billeder og videoer.
14. Lokalitetsdata
Vi kan bede om din tilladelse til at indhente lokalitetsoplysninger fra din mobilenhed. Vi kan bruge dine lokalitetsoplysninger til at tilbyde dig muligheden for at deltage i lokale undersøgelser og markedsundersøgelser, eller til at dele disse lokalitetsdata med tredjepartskunder til at vise visse bevægelsesmønstre hos deltagere, herunder men ikke begrænset til købsadfærd baseret på besøgte lokaliteter.
Vi indsamler dine lokalitetsoplysninger til ovenstående formål med dit samtykke. Hvis du ikke længere ønsker at dele dine geo-lokalitetsoplysninger gennem din enhed, skal du ændre privatlivsindstillingerne på din enhed.  Hvor påkrævet ved lov indhenter vi dit udtrykkelige samtykke til at dele dine lokalitetsoplysninger med tredjeparter.
15. Konti på sociale medier
Du kan blive tilbudt muligheden for at få adgang til Ydelserne via tredjeparters platforme på sociale medier. Hvis du vælger at få adgang til Ydelserne på denne måde, kan vi indsamle visse profiloplysninger gemt i din konto på sociale medier, f.eks. navn, køn og e-mailadresse.
16. Personlige oplysninger indhentet via automatiserede midler
Når du bruger ydelsen, kan vi indsamle visse oplysninger vha. automatiserede midler. Cookies er små filer, der lagrer bestemte data på en enhed. Cookies opretter et unikt ID, der er forbundet med din browser. Sessionscookies udløber, når du lukker din browser, og blivende cookies forbliver på din enhed, indtil de slettes, eller når de når en fastsat udløbsdato.
De oplysninger, som vi indsamler via cookies og lignende teknologier, kan omfatte oplysninger om din enhed og dens funktioner, herunder enhedstype og operativsystem, andre applikationer på din enhed, netværks- og internetudbyder, tidszone, netværksstatus, browsertype, henvisnings-/udgangssider, operativsystem, dato-/tidsstempel, clickstream-data og unikke identifikationsnumre såsom din enheds IP-adresse, enheds unikke ID-nummer, Media Access Control (MAC) adresse eller browseridentifikator. Vi kan også bruge digitale fingeraftryks- og vandmærkningsteknologier til at indsamle ovenstående oplysninger.
Vi kan også indsamle oplysninger fra visse applikationer og funktioner tilgængelige på din enhed, hvis du giver os adgang til disse. Sådanne oplysninger omfatter antal og type installerede applikationer, push-meddelelser, kamera, mikrofon, adgang til fotogalleri, adgang til filopbevaring,
Vi bruger disse oplysninger til at forbedre Ydelserne ved at vurdere, hvor mange brugere tilgår eller bruger ydelserne, hvilket indhold, hvilke produkter og funktioner i vores ydelse, som interesserer vores gæster mest, hvilke typer tilbud vores kunder kan lide at se, og hvordan vores Ydelser præsterer rent teknisk.
I nogle tilfælde kan vi bruge de indsamlede oplysninger via automatiske metoder, sammen med andre oplysninger, til at genkende brugere (og husstande) på tværs af platforme eller enheder, såsom smartphones, computere, tabletter eller relaterede browsere, til formål, der er beskrevet i denne politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger. Oplysninger indsamlet via digitale fingeraftryks- og vandmærkningsteknologier kan også blive brugt til kvalitetskontrol, validering og opdagelse og forebyggelse af svindel.
Se vores Værktøj til Cookie-samtykke for flere oplysninger om hvilke typer cookies, vi anvender, og hvordan vi anvender de oplysninger, som vi indsamler via cookies.
17. Personlige oplysninger, som vi behandler i forbindelse med undersøgelser om klienters annoncering
Når du bruger Ydelserne til at deltage i undersøgelser vedrørende specifikke annoncer og kampagner, som RN SSI tester for deres forretningskunder, kan du se disse reklamer eller kampagner flere forskellige steder, herunder mobilapplikationer, der ikke er fra RN SSI (f.eks. i en spilapplikation).  Når du har fået vist de relevante reklamer og kampagner, vil RN SSI give dig adgang til, eller kontakte dig for at gennemføre, en undersøgelse om disse annoncer eller kampagner og/eller kan give visse demografiske data om dig til annoncøren eller annoncørens repræsentant vedrørende de demografiske profiler for personer, som har set annoncen.
For at muliggøre gennemførelsen af sådanne undersøgelser om annoncer eller kampagner, har SSI indgået partnerskab med reklamebureauer, der leverer eller faciliterer reklamer, herunder i mange andre mobilapplikationer. Applikationen/Ydelsen giver din unikke enhedsidentifikator, IUD, og andre oplysninger indsamlet via automatiserede midler til reklamenetværk.  Når du derefter bruger en mobilapplikation, der har indgået partnerskab med et af reklamebureauerne, kan reklamebureauet bruge din personlige enhedsidentifikator eller andre automatisk indsamlede oplysninger til at genkende din enhed. Reklamebureauet kan så vise dig en annonce eller kampagne, som RN SSI måler for en af vores erhvervsklienter. Reklamebureauet vil derefter meddele RN SSI, at enheden, der er tilknyttet din UID, netop har modtaget en annonce eller kampagne, som giver RN SSI mulighed for at give dig adgang til, eller at kontakte dig for at gennemføre en undersøgelse vedrørende annoncen eller kampagnen.
18. Personlige oplysninger tilvejebragt af tredjeparter
Vi kan indhente personlige oplysninger, adfærds- og/eller demografiske oplysninger fra tredjeparter, såsom datastyringsplatforme, reklamenetværker, informationsbureauer og stikprøveleverandører. De kan omfatte, men er ikke begrænset til, alder, køn, geografi, lokalitet, tilstedeværelse af børn, mobile reklame-ID’er, købshistorik, reklameeksponering, lookalike segmenter.
2. Sådan kan vi bruge dine personlige oplysninger
Vi kan bruge de personlige oplysninger, som vi indhenter fra eller om dig til en række forskellige formål, herunder:
• Til at tilbyde dig mulighed for at deltage i undersøgelsesaktiviteter, herunder deltage i et panel, deltage i undersøgelser administreret af RN SSI eller af tredjeparter (enten som et panelmedlem eller ikke-panelmedlem), eller bruge hjemmesider og mobilapplikationer forbundet med paneler eller undersøgelser.
• Til at administrere, styre, gennemføre, lette tilmelding til og kommunikere om RN SSI’s belønnings- og tilskyndelsesprogrammer og andre kampagner, herunder lodtrækninger tilbudt i forbindelse med medlemskab af paneler og/eller udfyldelse af undersøgelser.
• Til at kommunikere med dig vedrørende dit medlemskab i et panel ejet af RN SSI, eller til at sende dig meddelelser om din deltagelse i en undersøgelse og tilpassede undersøgelsesmuligheder.
• Til at arrangere, at du får vist annoncer uden for Ydelserne med det formål at gøre det lettere at gennemføre erindringsundersøgelser.
• Til at give dig Ydelserne og annoncerne tilpasset til dig baseret på kriterier som f.eks. dine interesser eller lokalitetsoplysninger, og til at gøre RN SSI og tredjeparter i stand til at udvikle indsigt i marketing, publikum/lookalike-modeller baseret på individuelle og/eller aggregerede profildata og til at inddele publikummer. Vi kan f.eks. udvikle marketings- og reklamekampagner designet til at målrette dem mod personer, som har en social og demografisk profil lig med din.
• Til at vurdere effektiviteten af online annoncering og publikumsmåling på websteder, og til at hjælpe med oprettelse, udvikling og implementering af websteder, onlineannoncering og andre internet- og digitale mediefunktioner, funktionalitet og kampagner.
• Til at sende tilpassede marketingskommunikationer om RN SSI’s og tredjeparters produkter og ydelser.
• Til at opdatere RN SSI’s optegnelser, udføre dataanalyser til RN SSI formål eller for vores klienter.
• Til at give en bedre undersøgelsesoplevelse, herunder kvalitetskontrol, validering, sporing af færdiggjorte undersøgelser eller andre færdiggjorte handlinger
• Til at garantere sikkerhed og til at opdage og forhindre svindel
• Til at opfylde alle vores juridiske forpligtelser, herunder, uden begrænsning, skattemæssige forpligtelser, eller på anden måde håndhæve eller beskytte vores rettigheder.
• Som i øvrigt tilladeligt iht. nærværende politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger eller på anden måde autoriseret af dig
Hvis du befinder dig i det Europæiske Økonomiske Samarbejdsområde, kan vi indsamle og bruge dine personlige oplysninger, når:
• Du har samtykket til brugen af dine personlige oplysninger. Vi kan f.eks. bede om dit samtykke til vores brug af cookies eller lignende teknologier til at sende dig marketingskommunikationer, eller til at behandle personlige oplysninger anset for at være følsomme i henhold til gældende lov.
• Nødvendige for at levere produkter og ydelser til dig, eller til at svare på dine forespørgsler.
• Vi er forpligtet eller bemyndiget af gældende lov til at bruge dine personlige oplysninger.
• Vi eller en tredjepart har en legitim interesse i at bruge dine personlige oplysninger, f.eks. til at sikre og forbedre vores produkters og ydelsers sikkerhed og præstation, til at anonymisere personlige oplysninger og udføre dataanalyser.
4. Sådan deler vi dine personlige oplysninger
Vi kan videregive de personlige oplysninger, som vi indsamler om dig som beskrevet nedenfor eller på anden måde oplyst over for dig på det tidspunkt oplysningerne indsamles, herunder med:
• Vores moder-, datter- og tilknyttede selskaber til de formål, der er beskrevet i denne personoplysningspolitik.
• Vores serviceudbydere, som udfører ydelser og behandler personlige oplysninger på vores vegne. Eksempler på vores serviceudbydere omfatter vores cloud-opbevaringsleverandører, leverandører af svindelredskaber, platform til indsamling af undersøgelsesdata. Vi kan også dele personlige oplysninger med datahandlere, datevidereforhandlere, som handler i følge vores anvisninger og på vores vegne for at tilføje for at forbedre vores database med henblik på udvikling af indsigt i publikum og/eller lookalike-modeller, analytik og marketingsinformationer. I kontrakten med disse serviceleverandører kræver vi, at de kun behandler personlige oplysninger i overensstemmelse med vores anvisninger og som nødvendigt for at udføre ydelser på vores vegne eller opfylde juridiske krav. Vi kræver også, at de har sikkerhedsforanstaltninger designet til at beskytte sikkerheden og fortroligheden af de personlige oplysninger, som de behandler på vores vegne.
• Programpartnere, som inviterede dig til at deltage i Ydelsen, og gennem hvilke du har tilmeldt dig.
• Vores klienter til markedsundersøgelsesrelaterede formål (herunder til skabelse og validering af modeller, opdagelse og forhindring af svindel, inddeling af datamarkeder og databasesammenligning, indløsning af belønninger, tilskyndelser eller lodtrækninger, gennemførelse og/eller tilmelding), til at hjælpe dem udvikle marketingskampagner, indblik i publikum, lookalike-modeller og/eller til at markedsføre tredjeparts produkter/serviceydelser til dig, og til at identificere respondenter med henblik på fornyede kontaktundersøgelser eller kommunikationer.
• Vores klient eller deres kunder, hvis vi mener, at du har eller kan have krænket en tredjeparts intellektuelle rettigheder eller vores servicevilkår http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Med en tredjepart i forbindelse med omorganisering, sammenslutning, salg, joint-venture, tildeling, overførsel eller anden afhændelse af hele eller en del af vores virksomhed, aktiver eller værdier (herunder i forbindelse med en konkurs eller lignende procedurer).
• Som på anden vis tilladt iht. denne politik eller (i), hvis vi af loven eller juridisk proces er forpligtet til at videregive personlige oplysninger om dig, (ii) som svar på en anmodning fra en domstol, politimyndighed eller regeringsrepræsentanter, eller (iii) når vi mener, at videregivelse er nødvendig eller passende for at forhindre fysisk skade eller økonomisk tab, eller i forbindelse med en undersøgelse af mistænkt eller faktisk svindel eller ulovlig aktivitet.
Vi kan også tillade en klient at indsamle personlige oplysninger direkte fra dig. Det står dig frit for at tilvejebringe dine personlige oplysninger til dem. I disse tilfælde indgår vi en skriftlig aftale med vores klienter bl.a. med det formål af begrænse deres brug af de personlige oplysninger.
4. Dine rettigheder og valg
Afhængigt af gældende lov kan du have ret til at:
• Fravælge visse indsamlinger og brug af dine personlige oplysninger, når vi tilvejebringer Ydelsen. Du kan finde flere oplysninger ved at logge på din konto og ændre dine præferencer.
• Fravælge indsamling og brug af visse oplysninger, som vi indsamler om dig via automatiserede midler. I visse retskredse kan du benytte dig af dit valg vedrørende brugen af cookies og lignende teknologier via værktøjet til cookie-samtykke. Din browser kan fortælle dig, hvordan du vil blive informeret om og kan fravælge at få visse typer cookies anbragt på din enhed. Bemærk, at uden visse cookies vil du muligvis ikke være i stand til at bruge alle funktioner på vores websteder, apps eller online tjenester.
• Anmode om adgang til og modtage oplysninger om de personlige oplysninger, som vi opbevarer om dig, til at opdatere og rette unøjagtigheder i dine personlige oplysninger, til at begrænse eller modsige dig behandlingen af dine personlige oplysninger, til at få oplysningerne anonymiseret eller slettet, som relevant, eller til at udøve din ret til dataportabilitet for let at overføre oplysninger til en anden virksomhed. Derudover kan du også have ret til at indgive en klage til en tilsynsmyndighed, herunder i dit bopælsland, hvor du arbejder, eller hvor en hændelse fandt sted.
• Til enhver tid og uden beregning tilbagetrække ethvert samtykke, som du tidligere har afgivet vedrørende behandling af dine personlige oplysninger. Vi vil anvende dine præferencer fremadrettet, og det vil ikke have indvirkning på lovligheden af behandlingen inden tilbagetrækkelse af dit samtykke.
Disse rettigheder kan være begrænset i nogle tilfælde af lokale lovkrav.
Du kan stoppe al indsamling af personlige oplysninger og andre oplysninger af os ved at afinstallere Ydelserne eller afslutte din deltagelse i alle paneler. Du kan bruge de standardiserede afinstalleringsprocesser, som er tilgængelige som en del af din mobilenhed eller via den mobile applikationsmarkedsplads eller netværk, eller du kan annullere din panelkonto på panelsiden.  Bemærk, at hvis du sletter den mobile applikation, men opretholder en profil på en af vores hjemmesider, kan vi stadig indsamle personlige oplysninger og andre data fra dig via vores hjemmesider. Afinstallering af den mobile applikation vil ikke slette alle oplysninger indsamlet af os før afinstallering af Ydelserne. For at slette al information indsamlet af os bedes du kontakte os, som beskrevet nedenfor.
Hvis du ønsker at udøve dine rettigheder beskrevet ovenfor eller opsige din konto, bedes du kontakte os som beskrevet i afsnittet ”Sådan kontakter du os” nedenfor.
5. Datasikkerhed og datatilbageholdelse
Vi opretholder passende tekniske, administrative og fysiske sikkerhedsforanstaltninger for at beskytte personlige oplysninger og andre oplysninger videregivet eller indsamlet af os mod utilsigtet, ulovlig eller uautoriseret destruktion, tab, ændring, adgang, videregivelse eller brug. Vi gennemgår, overvåger og evaluerer vores personoplysningspraksis og vores beskyttelsessystemer med jævne mellemrum. Til trods for de sikkerhedsforanstaltninger, som vi implementerer, er transmissioner over internettet eller et mobil netværk aldrig et hundrede procent sikre, og vi kan derfor ikke garantere for sikkerheden af online-transmissioner. Vi er ikke ansvarlig for fejl begået af personer, som indsender personlige oplysninger til os.
Vi tager også forholdsregler til at slette dine personlige oplysninger eller opbevare dem i et format, der ikke gør det muligt at identificere dig, når disse oplysninger ikke længere er nødvendige til de formål, til hvilke vi behandler dem, medmindre vi er forpligtet af loven til at gemme disse oplysninger i en længere periode. Når vi fastsætter tilbageholdelsesperioden, tager vi forskellige kriterier i betragtning, f.eks. den type produkter og ydelser anmodet af eller tilvejebragt til dig, karakteren og længden af vores forhold til dig, mulig gentilmelding til vores produkter eller ydelser, indvirkningen af på de ydelser, som vi tilvejebringer til dig, hvis vi sletter nogle oplysninger fra eller om dig, obligatoriske tilbageholdelsesperioder fastlagt ved lov og forældelsesfristen.
6. Dataoverførsel
Dine personlige oplysninger kan blive overført til modtagere i andre lande, end hvor du befinder dig, herunder USA, hvor Research Now’s moderselskab og Survey Sampling International har hovedkvarter. Disse lande har muligvis ikke de samme databeskyttelseslove som i det land, hvor du oprindeligt afgav oplysningerne. Når vi overfører dine personlige oplysninger til andre lande, vil vi beskytte disse oplysninger som beskrevet i denne politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger eller som oplyst over for dig på indsamlingstidspunktet.
Hvis du befinder dig i det Europæiske Økonomiske Samarbejdsområde eller Schweiz, overholder vi gældende lovmæssige krav, der giver passende sikkerhedsforanstaltninger for overførsel af personlige oplysninger til tredjelande.
7. Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) er en præference i din browser, som du kan indstille til at meddele de websteder, du besøger, at du ikke ønsker, at webstederne indsamler visse oplysninger om dig. RN SSI responderer ikke på DNT-signaler. Hvis du har indsigelser mod RN SSI’s praksis med hensyn til DNT-signaler, kan du fravælge deltagelse eller brug af RN SSI’s ydelser som beskrevet herunder.
I forbindelse med RN SSI’s program for effektiv onlineannoncering, tillader RN SSI, at RN SSI’s underleverandører, partnere og/eller klienter lægger, sætter og/eller skriver tredjepartsteknologier med henblik på at lette publikumsmåling og undersøgelser af reklamegenkaldelse. RN SSI er ikke ansvarlig for nogen tredjeparts overholdelse af eller respons på DNT-signaler.
8. Ingen børn
Ydelsen er ikke designet til eller beregnet til at blive brugt af personer under 16 år. Vi indsamler ikke bevidst personlige oplysninger fra børn under 16 år, og hvis vi bliver klar over, at vi uforvarende har indsamlet personlige oplysninger fra et barn under seksten år, vil vi med rimelig kommerciel indsats slette sådanne personlige oplysninger.
9. Opdateringer af denne politik om beskyttelse af personlige oplysninger
Denne globale personoplysningsmeddelelse kan blive opdateret regelmæssigt for at afspejle ændringer i vores persondatapraksis. Vi vil offentliggøre en tydelig meddelelse på relevante hjemmesider for at informere dig om alle væsentlige ændringer i vores globale personoplysningsmeddelelse og angive øverst i meddelelsen, hvornår den sidst blev opdateret. Hvis vi opdaterer vores globale personoplysningsmeddelelse, kan vi i visse tilfælde bede om dit samtykke.
10. Sådan kan du kontakte os
Hvis du har spørgsmål eller kommentarer til vores personoplysningspraksis eller denne personoplysningspolitik, eller hvis du ønsker at fravælge visse former for brug af dine personlige oplysninger, udøve dine rettigheder vedrørende de personlige oplysninger, som vi opbevarer om dig, eller indgive en klage om vores personoplysningspraksis, er du velkommen til at kontakte Research Now Limited eller Survey Sampling International LLC som beskrevet nedenfor.
• Research Now Limited: Skriv til os på privacy@surveysampling.com eller til 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, Storbritannien EC4V 4BF, Attention: Databeskyttelsesansvarlig.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: Skriv til os på privacy@surveysampling.com eller til 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 USA.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Datenschutzrichtlinie
Diese Version: In Kraft seit  2018-05-19
Die Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt, wie Research Now Limited and Survey Sampling International LLC und seine Dach-, Tochter- und Konzerngesellschaften (gemeinsam „RN SSI“, „wir“, „uns“ oder „unser“) personenbezogene Daten in Verbindung mit Online-Panel-Gemeinschaften, Befragungen, Prämienprogrammen, Webseiten und mobilen Anwendungen (gemeinsam die „Serviceleistungen“) verarbeitet. Insbesondere beschreibt sie die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir in Verbindung mit den Serviceleistungen erheben, die Zwecke, für die wir diese personenbezogenen Daten erheben, die anderen Parteien, an die wir solche Daten weitergeben können und die von uns ergriffenen Maßnahmen, um die Sicherheit der Daten zu gewährleisten. Die Richtlinie informiert Sie ferner über Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und erklärt, wie Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen können, um Ihre Kontaktinformationen zu aktualisieren oder Fragen zu unseren Datenschutzmaßnahmen zu stellen.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Verbindung mit Befragungen, die von Dritten verwaltet werden. In diesen Fällen ist RN SSI nicht der Auftraggeber der Befragung und das Befragungsinstrument sowie die Befragungsergebnisse oder Befragungsdaten gehören dem Auftraggeber der Befragung und werden von diesem kontrolliert. Die Datenschutzrichtlinie des Auftraggebers enthält Einzelheiten zu den von ihm ergriffenen Datenschutzmaßnahmen.
Die Anmeldung für, die Nutzung von und der Zugriff auf die Serviceleistungen unterliegt dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und unseren Geschäftsbedingungen.
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben können
Wir erheben personenbezogene Daten wie nachstehend beschrieben.  Für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie bedeutet „personenbezogene Daten“ Informationen im Zusammenhang mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person. Wo zutreffend, geben wir an, ob und warum Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung stellen müssen und unterrichten Sie über die Konsequenzen für den Fall, dass Sie dies unterlassen. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten nicht auf Verlangen bereitstellen, profitieren Sie unter Umständen nicht von den Serviceleistungen, wenn solche Informationen erforderlich sind, um Ihnen diese Serviceleistungen zu erbringen oder wenn wir gesetzlich verpflichtet sind, diese zu erheben.
19. Von Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellte personenbezogene Daten
Wir bitten Sie, bestimmte personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, wenn Sie über unsere Webseiten oder mithilfe einer mobilen Anwendung ein Konto einrichten, einschließlich Ihres Namens, Ihrer Anschrift, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse, Ihrer Telefonnummer, Ihres Geburtsdatums, Ihres Berufs, Ihrer Ausbildung und Ihres Geschlechts.
Darüber hinaus erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie in Verbindung mit einem Panel zur Verfügung stellen, wenn Sie sich an einer Befragung beteiligen oder in Verbindung mit dem Erhalt und der Einlösung von Prämien und Bonuspunkten. Solche Informationen enthalten eine eindeutige Panel-Mitglied-/Befragten-Kennnummer, die wir Ihnen zuweisen, wenn Sie ein Konto einrichten, und die von Ihnen bei der Bearbeitung der Befragung gegebenen Antworten. In diesem Zusammenhang haben Sie die Wahl, sensible personenbezogene Daten, u. a. solche, die gesundheitliche und medizinische Aspekte, die sexuelle Orientierung oder das Sexualleben, politische Meinungen/Ansichten, die ethnische Zugehörigkeit/Abstammung, religiöse und philosophische Bekenntnisse und die Mitgliedschaft in einer Gewerkschaft offenlegen oder enthüllen, zur Verfügung zu stellen. Sofern gesetzlich erforderlich, holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten ein. Des Weiteren können wir Inhalte sammeln, die Sie im Rahmen der Nutzung der Serviceleistungen einsenden, hochladen oder übertragen, z. B. Fotos und Videos.
20. Standortdaten
Wir können um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, Standortinformationen von Ihrem mobilen Gerät zu erfassen. Wir können Ihre Standortinformationen verwenden, um Ihnen die Option zu bieten, an standortbasierten Befragungen und Marktstudien teilzunehmen oder um diese Standortinformationen an Drittkunden weiterzugeben, um bestimmte Standort-Traffic-Muster der Teilnehmer zu verdeutlichen, u. a. Kaufverhalten basierend auf besuchten Standorten.
Wir erheben Ihre Standortinformationen für die oben genannten Zwecke mit Ihrer Einwilligung. Wenn Sie Ihre Standortinformationen nicht mehr mit uns teilen möchten, ändern Sie bitte die Datenschutzeinstellungen Ihres Geräts.  Sofern gesetzlich erforderlich, holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung dazu ein, dass wir Ihre Standortinformationen an Dritte weitergeben.
21. Konten in sozialen Medien
Die Möglichkeit, auf die Serviceleistungen zuzugreifen, kann Ihnen auch über Plattformen sozialer Medien von Dritten angeboten werden. Wenn Sie auf diese Weise auf die Serviceleistungen zugreifen, können wir bestimmte, in Ihrem Social-Media-Plattform-Konto gespeicherte, Profilinformationen, z. B. Ihren Namen, Ihr Geschlecht und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, erfassen.
22. Automatisch erfasste personenbezogene Daten
Wenn Sie die Serviceleistungen nutzen, können wir bestimmte Daten automatisch erfassen, beispielsweise durch Cookies und ähnliche Technologien. Cookies sind kleine Dateien, die bestimmte Daten auf einem Gerät speichern. Cookies erstellen eine eindeutige, Ihrem Browser zugeordnete ID-Nummer. Sitzungscookies erlöschen, wenn Sie Ihren Browser schließen, während dauerhafte Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät verbleiben, bis sie gelöscht werden oder ein bestimmtes Ablaufdatum erreichen.
Die Daten, die wir mithilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien erheben, können Informationen über Ihr Gerät und dessen Leistungen, einschließlich des Gerättyps und des Betriebssystems, anderer Anwendungen auf Ihrem Gerät, des Netzwerk- und Internetdienstanbieters, der Zeitzone, des Netzwerkstatus, des Browser-Typs, Verweis-/Exitseiten, des Betriebssystems, des Datums-/Zeitstempels, der Clickstream-Daten und eindeutiger Kennnummern, beispielsweise der IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, der eindeutigen Kennnummer Ihres Geräts, der Media Access Control (MAC) Adresse oder der Browser-Kennung, enthalten. Wir können die oben genannten Daten auch mithilfe von digitalen Fingerabdruck- und Wasserzeichentechnologien erheben.
Des Weiteren können wir Daten von bestimmten Anwendungen und Funktionen auf Ihrem Gerät erheben, sofern Sie uns Zugang zu diesen gewähren. Solche Daten umfassen die Anzahl und die Art der installierten Anwendungen, Push-Benachrichtigungen, die Kamera, das Mikrofon, Zugang zum Fotoarchiv und zum Dateispeicher,
Wir verwenden diese Daten, um die Serviceleistungen zu verbessern, indem wir bewerten, wie viele Nutzer auf die Serviceleistungen zugreifen oder diese benutzen, welche Inhalte, Produkte und Funktionen unserer Serviceleistungen unsere Besucher am meisten interessieren, welche Arten von Angeboten unsere Kunden sehen möchten und wie unsere Serviceleistungen auf technischer Ebene abschneiden.
In manchen Fällen können wir Daten, die automatisch erfasst wurden, zusammen mit anderen Daten verwenden, um Benutzer (oder Haushalte) plattform- oder geräteübergreifend (z. B. über Smartphones, Computer, Tablets oder zugehörige Browser) für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke zu erkennen. Daten, die mithilfe von digitalen Fingerabdruck- und Wasserzeichentechnologien erhoben wurden, können ferner zu Zwecken der Qualitätskontrolle, Validierung und Betrugserkennung und -prävention verwendet werden.
Weitere Informationen zu den Arten von Cookies, die wir benutzen, und den Zwecken, zu denen wir die mithilfe von Cookies erhobenen Daten verwenden, finden Sie in unserem Cookie-Einverständnis-Tool .
23. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir in Bezug auf die Befragung zu Kundenanzeigen erfassen
Wenn Sie die Serviceleistungen in Verbindung mit der Teilnahme an Befragungen zu spezifischen Anzeigen und Werbeaktionen, die RN SSI für seine Geschäftskunden prüft, verwenden, können Sie diese Anzeigen oder Werbungen an verschiedenen Stellen sehen, u. a. in mobilen Apps, die nicht von RN SSI stammen (z. B. in einer Gaming-App).  Nachdem Ihnen die entsprechenden Anzeigen und Werbungen angezeigt wurden, gibt RN SSI Ihnen Zugang zu einer Befragung zu diesen Anzeigen oder Werbungen oder kontaktiert Sie mit der Bitte, an dieser teilzunehmen und/oder stellt unter Umständen dem Werbeunternehmen oder seinem Beauftragten bestimmte demografische Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit den demografischen Profilen der Personen, die die Anzeige gesehen haben, zur Verfügung.
Um die Teilnahme an solchen Befragungen zu Anzeigen oder Werbungen zu erleichtern, arbeitet RN SSI mit Werbeunternehmen zusammen, die Anzeigen messen oder unterstützen, darunter auch viele mobile Apps. Die Anwendung/Serviceleistungen stellt/stellen Werbenetzwerken Ihre UID-Nummer, Ihre eindeutige Kennnummer, und andere automatisch erfasste Daten zur Verfügung.  Wenn Sie daraufhin eine mobile App nutzen, die mit einem der Werbeunternehmen zusammenarbeitet, kann das Werbeunternehmen Ihre eindeutige Gerätekennnummer oder andere automatisch erfasste Informationen nutzen, um Ihr Gerät zu erkennen. Anschließend kann Ihnen das Werbeunternehmen eine Anzeige oder Werbung anzeigen, die RN SSI für einen unserer Geschäftskunden testet. Das Werbeunternehmen kann dann RN SSI informieren, dass das mit Ihrer UID verknüpfte Gerät soeben eine Anzeige oder Werbung erhalten hat. Dadurch kann RN SSI Ihnen Zugriff auf eine Befragung oder eine Kontaktmöglichkeit geben, um an einer Befragung zu der Anzeige oder Werbung teilzunehmen.
24. Von Dritten zur Verfügung gestellte Daten
Wir können personenbezogene Daten, Verhaltensdaten und/oder demografische Daten von Dritten erheben, beispielsweise von Datenverwaltungsplattformen, Werbenetzwerken, Informationsdienstagenturen und Anbietern von Stichproben. Diese Erhebung kann u. a. die Aspekte Alter, Geschlecht, Geografie, Standort, Anwesenheit von Kindern, mobile Werbe-ID, Einkaufshistorie, Werbe-Expositionen, Lookalike-Segmente umfassen.
2. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden können
Wir können die von Ihnen oder über Sie erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten unter anderem für folgende Zwecke verwenden:
• Um Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, sich an Forschungsaktivitäten zu beteiligen, z. B. um einem Panel beizutreten, an von RN SSI oder Dritten verwalteten Befragungen teilzunehmen (ob als Panel-Mitglied oder als Nicht-Panel-Mitglied) oder in Verbindung mit Panels oder Befragungen Webseiten und mobile Anwendungen zu nutzen.
• Um die Prämien- und Incentive-Programme von RN SSI und andere Werbeaktionen, einschließlich in Verbindung mit einer Panel-Mitgliedschaft und/oder der Bearbeitung von Befragungen angebotene Gewinnspiele zu verwalten, zu bearbeiten, zu erfüllen, die Teilnahme an diesen zu ermöglichen und diesbezüglich zu kommunizieren.
• Um mit Ihnen hinsichtlich Ihrer Mitgliedschaft bei einem RN SSI gehörenden Panel zu kommunizieren oder um Ihnen Mitteilungen in Verbindung mit Ihrer Beteiligung an einer Befragung und maßgeschneiderte Möglichkeiten zur Teilnahme an Befragungen zu schicken.
• Um Ihnen Werbung außerhalb der Serviceleistungen anzuzeigen, um die Teilnahme an Werbeerinnerungs-Befragungen zu ermöglichen.
• Um Ihnen Serviceleistungen und Anzeigen bereitzustellen, die basierend auf Kriterien wie Ihren Interessen oder Standortinformationen auf Sie zugeschnitten sind und um es RN SSI und Dritten zu ermöglichen, Marketingerkenntnisse, Zielgruppen-/Lookalike-Modelle basierend auf individuellen und/oder gesammelten Profildaten zu entwickeln und Zielgruppen zu segmentieren. Wir können beispielsweise Marketing- und Werbekampagnen entwickeln, die auf Personen abzielen, deren soziales und demografisches Profil Ihrem ähnelt.
• Um die Wirksamkeit von Online-Werbung zu bewerten und das Webseitenpublikum zu messen und um bei der Erstellung, Entwicklung und Umsetzung von Webseiten, Online-Werbungen und anderen Funktionen, Funktionalitäten und Kampagnen im Internet und anderen digitalen Medien zu helfen.
• Um maßgeschneiderte Marketingmitteilungen über RN SSI und die Produkte und Dienstleistungen Dritter zu senden.
• Um die Aufzeichnungen von RN SSI zu aktualisieren und Datenanalysen für die Zwecke von RN SSI oder unseren Kunden durchzuführen.
• Um ein besseres Befragungserlebnis zu liefern, einschließlich Qualitätskontrolle, Validierung, Verfolgung fertiggestellter Befragungen oder anderer abgeschlossener Vorgänge
• Um Schutz und Sicherheit zu gewährleisten und Betrug aufzudecken und zu verhindern
• Um unsere rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen, u. a. unsere Steuerpflichten, oder um unsere Rechte anderweitig durchzusetzen oder zu schützen.
• Gemäß anderweitigen Festlegungen in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder sofern anderweitig von Ihnen genehmigt
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum befinden, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben und benutzen, wenn:
• Sie der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zugestimmt haben. Wir können zum Beispiel Ihre Einwilligung zu unserer Nutzung von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien einholen, um Ihnen Marketingmitteilungen zu schicken oder personenbezogene Daten zu verarbeiten, die nach anwendbarem Recht als sensibel gelten.
• Dies notwendig ist, um Ihnen Produkte und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen, oder um Ihre Anfragen zu beantworten.
• Wir durch das geltende Recht verpflichtet oder berechtigt sind, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden.
• Wir oder ein Dritter ein berechtigtes Interesse daran haben/hat, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu nutzen, beispielsweise, um den Schutz, die Sicherheit und die Leistung unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern, um personenbezogene Daten zu anonymisieren und Datenanalysen durchzuführen.
4. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben
Wir können die über Sie erhobenen Daten wie unten beschrieben oder Ihnen anderweitig zum Zeitpunkt der Erhebung mitgeteilt offenlegen, beispielsweise an:
• Unsere Dach-, Tochter- und Konzernunternehmen für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke.
• Unsere Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste erbringen und personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten. Unsere Dienstleister umfassen beispielsweise unsere Cloud-Speicher-Anbieter, Anbieter von Instrumenten zur Betrugsprävention, Befragungs-Datenerfassungs-Plattform. Wir können personenbezogene Daten auch an Datenmakler und Datenaggregatoren, die nach unseren Anweisungen und in unserem Auftrag handeln, weitergeben, um unsere Datenbank zur Entwicklung von Zielgruppenerkenntnissen und/oder Lookalike-Modellen, Analysen und Marketing-Intelligenz auszubauen und zu bereichern. Wir verpflichten diese Dienstleister vertraglich dazu, personenbezogene Daten lediglich in Übereinstimmung mit unseren Anweisungen und im zur Durchführung von Dienstleistungen in unserem Auftrag oder zur Erfüllung rechtlicher Anforderungen erforderlichen Rahmen zu verarbeiten. Des Weiteren verpflichten wir sie, Absicherungsmaßnahmen zu ergreifen, um die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten.
• Programmpartner, die Sie zur Teilnahme an den Serviceleistungen eingeladen und durch die Sie sich angemeldet haben.
• Unsere Kunden für Marktforschungszwecke (einschließlich der Erstellung und Validierung von Modellen, Betrugserkennung und -prävention, Datenmarktsegmentierung und Datenbankabstimmung und der Einlösung von Prämien, Bonuspunkten oder Gewinnspiel-Gewinnen, der Durchführung von und/oder Eintritt in ein Gewinnspiel), um es diesen zu ermöglichen, Marketingkampagnen, Zielgruppenerkenntnisse, Lookalike-Modelle zu entwickeln und/oder Produkte/Dienstleistungen Dritter an Sie zu vermarkten und um Befragungsteilnehmer für eine erneute Kontaktierung im Rahmen von Befragungen oder anderen Mitteilungen zu identifizieren.
• Unsere Kunden oder deren Kunden, wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass Sie gegen die Rechte geistigen Eigentums eines Dritten oder gegen unsere Dienstleistungsbedingungen verstoßen haben oder dies tun könnten http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Dritte in Verbindung mit einer Umstrukturierung, einer Fusion, einem Verkauf, einem Joint Venture, einer Abtretung, einer Übertragung oder einer anderen Veräußerung eines oder aller Teile unseres Geschäfts, unserer Vermögenswerte oder unserer Aktien (u. a. in Verbindung mit einer Insolvenz oder ähnlichen Verfahren).
• Gemäß anderweitigen Festlegungen in dieser Richtlinie oder (i) wenn wir per Gesetz oder juristische Prozesse verpflichtet sind, personenbezogene Daten über Sie weiterzugeben, (ii) als Reaktion auf eine Verfügung eines Gerichts, Vollstreckungsbehörden oder Regierungsbeamten oder (iii) wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass eine Offenlegung erforderlich oder angemessen ist, um einen physischen Schaden oder finanziellen Verlust zu verhindern, oder in Verbindung mit einer Untersuchung vermuteter oder tatsächlicher Betrügereien oder illegaler Aktivitäten.
Wir können einem Kunden erlauben, personenbezogene Daten direkt von Ihnen zu erheben. Es steht Ihnen frei, diesen ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen. In diesen Fällen gehen wir mit unseren Kunden eine schriftliche Vereinbarung ein, um u. a. ihre Nutzung von personenbezogenen Daten zu beschränken.
4. Ihre Rechte und Entscheidungen
Vorbehaltlich geltendem Recht sind Sie unter Umständen berechtigt:
• Bestimmte Erfassungen und Nutzungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, wenn wir die Serviceleistungen bereitstellen, abzulehnen. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen benötigen, loggen Sie sich bitte in Ihr Konto ein und ändern Sie Ihre Präferenzen.
• Bestimmte Erfassungen und Nutzungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die wir automatisch von Ihnen erheben, abzulehnen. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können Sie mithilfe des Cookie-Einverständnis-Tools von Ihrem Entscheidungsrecht hinsichtlich der Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien Gebrauch machen. Ihr Browser kann Ihnen mitteilen, wie Sie darüber benachrichtigt werden können, wenn bestimmte Arten von Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät abgelegt werden, und wie Sie dies ablehnen können. Bitte nehmen Sie zur Kenntnis, dass Sie ohne bestimmte Cookies möglicherweise nicht in der Lage sein werden, alle Funktionen unserer Webseiten, Apps oder Online-Dienstleistungen zu nutzen.
• Zugang zu den von uns über Sie gehaltenen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen und Informationen zu diesen zu erhalten, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu aktualisieren und Ungenauigkeiten zu berichtigen, die Bearbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu beschränken oder abzulehnen, die Daten gegebenenfalls anonymisieren oder löschen zu lassen, oder Ihr Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit für den erleichterten Transfer von Informationen in ein anderes Land auszuüben. Sie haben unter Umständen außerdem das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen, u. a. in Ihrem Wohnsitzland, an Ihrem Arbeitsplatz oder an dem Ort, an dem sich ein Vorfall ereignet hat.
• Ihre zuvor erteilte Zustimmung in Verbindung mit der Bearbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit kostenlos zurückzuziehen. Wir werden Ihre bevorzugten Einstellungen künftig berücksichtigen, was keine Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung von Daten vor der Zurückziehung Ihrer Zustimmung hat.
Diese Rechte können unter Umständen durch örtlich geltende Rechtsvorschriften eingeschränkt sein.
Sie können die Erhebung aller personenbezogenen Daten und anderer Informationen durch uns stoppen, indem Sie die Serviceleistungen deinstallieren oder nicht mehr an Panels teilnehmen. Sie können die standardmäßigen Deinstallationsprozesse nutzen, die auf Ihrem mobilen Gerät, über den mobilen Anwendungsmarkt oder das Netzwerk zur Verfügung stehen, oder Sie können Ihr Panel-Teilnehmer-Konto auf der Panel-Website kündigen.  Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir, falls Sie die mobile Anwendung löschen, aber weiterhin ein Profil auf einer unserer Websites haben, weiterhin personenbezogene Daten und andere Daten von Ihnen über unsere Websites erheben können. Das Deinstallieren der mobilen Anwendung führt nicht dazu, dass alle Informationen gelöscht werden, die wir vor dem Deinstallieren der Serviceleistungen erhoben haben. Um alle von uns erfassten Daten zu löschen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte auf nachfolgend beschriebene Weise.
Wenn Sie Ihre oben beschriebenen Rechte ausüben oder Ihr Konto auflösen möchten, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte wie im nachstehenden Abschnitt „Kontaktaufnahme“ beschrieben.
5. Datensicherheit und Datenaufbewahrung
Wir ergreifen angemessene technische, administrative und physische Maßnahmen zum Schutz der von uns weitergegebenen oder erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten und anderen Informationen gegen versehentliche, rechtswidrige oder unbefugte Zerstörung sowie Verlust, Modifizierung, Zugriff, Weitergabe oder Verwendung. Wir überprüfen, überwachen und bewerten regelmäßig unsere Datenschutzpraktiken und Sicherungssysteme. Ungeachtet der Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, die wir umsetzen, sind Übertragungen über das Internet oder über ein mobiles Netzwerk nicht komplett sicher und wir können die Sicherheit der Übertragungen nicht garantieren. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für Fehler, die Personen bei der Übermittlung der personenbezogenen Daten an uns machen.
Wir ergreifen außerdem Maßnahmen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen oder in einer Form aufzubewahren, die Ihre Identifizierung nicht zulässt, wenn diese Daten nicht mehr für die Zwecke, für die wir sie bearbeiten, erforderlich sind, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, diese Daten über einen längeren Zeitraum hinweg aufzubewahren. Bei der Festlegung des Aufbewahrungszeitraums berücksichtigen wir verschiedene Kriterien, beispielsweise die Art der von Ihnen angeforderten oder Ihnen gelieferten Produkte und Dienstleistungen, die Art und Länge unserer Beziehung mit Ihnen, eine mögliche Neuanmeldung für unsere Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, die Auswirkungen auf die Ihnen erbrachten Dienstleistungen, wenn wir einige Daten von Ihnen oder über Sie löschen, gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Aufbewahrungsfristen und die Verjährungsfrist.
6. Datenübermittlungen
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten können an Empfänger in anderen Ländern als dem Land, in dem Sie sich befinden, übermittelt werden, u. a. in die Vereinigten Staaten, in denen sich der Hauptsitz der Dachgesellschaft von Research Now and Survey Sampling International befindet. Diese Länder haben unter Umständen nicht dieselben Datenschutzgesetze wie das Land, in dem Sie die Daten ursprünglich zur Verfügung gestellt haben. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder übermitteln, schützen wir diese Daten wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben oder Ihnen zum Zeitpunkt der Erhebung mitgeteilt.
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder in der Schweiz befinden, erfüllen wir die geltenden rechtlichen Anforderungen zur Bereitstellung angemessener Maßnahmen zum Schutz von personenbezogenen Daten, die in Drittländer übermittelt werden.
7. Nichtverfolgung
Nichtverfolgung (Do Not Track, „DNT“) ist eine Präferenz in Ihrem Browser, die Sie so einstellen können, dass Websites, die Sie besuchen, darauf hingewiesen werden, dass Sie nicht möchten, dass diese Websites bestimmte Informationen über Sie erfassen. RN SSI reagiert nicht auf DNT-Signale. Wenn Sie Einwände gegen die Praxis von RN SSI hinsichtlich von DNT-Signalen haben, können Sie die Teilnahme oder die Nutzung der Dienstleistungen von RN SSI wie unten beschrieben ablehnen.
In Verbindung mit dem Programm zur Wirksamkeit von Online-Werbung von RN SSI gestattet RN SSI seinen Unterauftragnehmern, Partnern und/oder Kunden, Technologien von Drittanbietern abzusetzen, einzustellen und/oder zu schreiben, um die Publikumsmessung und Aktivitäten hinsichtlich Werbeerinnerungsbefragungen zu ermöglichen. RN SSI ist nicht für die Befolgung von oder die Reaktion auf DNT-Signale von Drittanbietern verantwortlich.
8. Keine Kinder
Die Serviceleistungen sind nicht für Personen unter 16 Jahren konzipiert oder bestimmt. Wissentlich erfassen wir keine personenbezogene Daten von Kindern unter 16 Jahren. Wenn uns auffällt, dass wir unbeabsichtigt personenbezogene Daten von Kindern unter 16 Jahren erfasst haben, unternehmen wir angemessene gewerbliche Anstrengungen, um diese personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen.
9. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie
Dieser globale Datenschutzhinweis kann in regelmäßigen Abständen aktualisiert werden, um Änderungen an den hierin dargelegten Praktiken in Verbindung mit personenbezogenen Daten widerzuspiegeln. Wir werden einen deutlichen Hinweis auf den entsprechenden Websites veröffentlichen, um Sie über wesentliche Änderungen an unserem globalen Datenschutzhinweis zu informieren und oben in der Mitteilung das Datum der letzten Aktualisierung angeben. Wenn wir unseren globalen Datenschutzhinweis aktualisieren, können wir unter bestimmten Umständen Ihre Einwilligung hierzu einholen.
10. Kontaktaufnahme
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Kommentare zu unseren Datenschutzpraktiken oder dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie haben oder bestimmte Nutzungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ablehnen möchten, Ihre Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie haben, ausüben oder sich über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken beschweren möchten, kontaktieren Sie bitte Research Now Limited oder Survey Sampling International LLC wie nachstehend beschrieben.
• Research Now Limited: schreiben Sie uns an privacy@surveysampling.com oder an 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, Vereinigtes Königreich EC4V 4BF, Attention: Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: schreiben Sie uns an privacy@surveysampling.com oder an 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 USA.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Datenschutzrichtlinie
Diese Version: In Kraft seit  2018-05-19
Die Datenschutzrichtlinie beschreibt, wie Research Now Limited and Survey Sampling International LLC und seine Dach-, Tochter- und Konzerngesellschaften (gemeinsam „RN SSI“, „wir“, „uns“ oder „unser“) personenbezogene Daten in Verbindung mit Online-Panel-Gemeinschaften, Befragungen, Prämienprogrammen, Webseiten und mobilen Anwendungen (gemeinsam die „Serviceleistungen“) verarbeitet. Insbesondere beschreibt sie die Arten von personenbezogenen Daten, die wir in Verbindung mit den Serviceleistungen erheben, die Zwecke, für die wir diese personenbezogenen Daten erheben, die anderen Parteien, an die wir solche Daten weitergeben können, und die von uns ergriffenen Maßnahmen, um die Sicherheit der Daten zu gewährleisten. Die Richtlinie informiert Sie ferner über Ihre Rechte und Möglichkeiten in Bezug auf Ihre personenbezogenen Daten und erklärt, wie Sie sich mit uns in Verbindung setzen können, um Ihre Kontaktinformationen zu aktualisieren oder Fragen zu unseren Datenschutzmaßnahmen zu stellen.
Diese Datenschutzrichtlinie gilt nicht für die Verarbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten in Verbindung mit Befragungen, die von Dritten verwaltet werden. In diesen Fällen ist RN SSI nicht der Auftraggeber der Befragung und das Befragungsinstrument sowie die Befragungsergebnisse oder Befragungsdaten gehören dem Auftraggeber der Befragung und werden von diesem kontrolliert. Die Datenschutzrichtlinie des Auftraggebers enthält Einzelheiten zu den von ihm ergriffenen Datenschutzmaßnahmen.
Die Anmeldung für, die Nutzung von und der Zugriff auf die Serviceleistungen unterliegt dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie und unseren Geschäftsbedingungen.
1. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir über Sie erheben können
Wir erheben personenbezogene Daten wie nachstehend beschrieben.  Für die Zwecke dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie bedeutet „personenbezogene Daten“ Informationen im Zusammenhang mit einer identifizierten oder identifizierbaren Person. Wo zutreffend, geben wir an, ob und warum Sie uns Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung stellen müssen und unterrichten Sie über die Konsequenzen für den Fall, dass Sie dies unterlassen. Wenn Sie personenbezogene Daten nicht auf Verlangen bereitstellen, profitieren Sie unter Umständen nicht von den Serviceleistungen, wenn solche Informationen erforderlich sind, um Ihnen diese Serviceleistungen zu erbringen oder wenn wir gesetzlich verpflichtet sind, diese zu erheben.
25. Von Ihnen zur Verfügung gestellte personenbezogene Daten
Wir bitten Sie, bestimmte personenbezogene Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen, wenn Sie über unsere Webseiten oder mithilfe einer mobilen Anwendung ein Konto einrichten, einschließlich Ihres Namens, Ihrer Anschrift, Ihrer E-Mail-Adresse, Ihrer Telefonnummer, Ihres Geburtsdatums, Ihres Berufs, Ihrer Ausbildung und Ihres Geschlechts.
Darüber hinaus erheben wir personenbezogene Daten, die Sie in Verbindung mit einem Panel zur Verfügung stellen, wenn Sie sich an einer Befragung beteiligen oder in Verbindung mit dem Erhalt und der Einlösung von Prämien und Bonuspunkten. Solche Informationen enthalten eine eindeutige Panel-Mitglied-/Befragten-Kennnummer, die wir Ihnen zuweisen, wenn Sie ein Konto einrichten, und die von Ihnen bei der Bearbeitung der Befragung gegebenen Antworten. In diesem Zusammenhang haben Sie die Wahl, sensible personenbezogene Daten, u. a. solche, die gesundheitliche und medizinische Aspekte, die sexuelle Orientierung oder das Sexualleben, politische Meinungen/Ansichten, die ethnische Zugehörigkeit/Abstammung, religiöse und philosophische Bekenntnisse und die Mitgliedschaft in einer Gewerkschaft offenlegen oder enthüllen, zur Verfügung zu stellen. Sofern gesetzlich erforderlich, holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung zur Verarbeitung Ihrer sensiblen personenbezogenen Daten ein. Des Weiteren können wir Inhalte sammeln, die Sie im Rahmen der Nutzung der Serviceleistungen einsenden, hochladen oder übertragen, z. B. Fotos und Videos.
26. Standortdaten
Wir können um Ihre Einwilligung bitten, Standortinformationen von Ihrem mobilen Gerät zu erfassen. Wir können Ihre Standortinformationen verwenden, um Ihnen die Option zu bieten, an standortbasierten Befragungen und Marktstudien teilzunehmen oder um diese Standortinformationen an Drittkunden weiterzugeben, um bestimmte Standort-Traffic-Muster der Teilnehmer zu verdeutlichen, u. a. Kaufverhalten basierend auf besuchten Standorten.
Wir erheben Ihre Standortinformationen für die oben genannten Zwecke mit Ihrer Einwilligung. Wenn Sie Ihre Standortinformationen nicht mehr mit uns teilen möchten, ändern Sie bitte die Datenschutzeinstellungen Ihres Geräts.  Sofern gesetzlich erforderlich, holen wir Ihre ausdrückliche Zustimmung dazu ein, dass wir Ihre Standortinformationen an Dritte weitergeben.
27. Konten in sozialen Medien
Die Möglichkeit, auf die Serviceleistungen zuzugreifen, kann Ihnen auch über Plattformen sozialer Medien von Dritten angeboten werden. Wenn Sie auf diese Weise auf die Serviceleistungen zugreifen, können wir bestimmte, in Ihrem Social-Media-Plattform-Konto gespeicherte, Profilinformationen, z. B. Ihren Namen, Ihr Geschlecht und Ihre E-Mail-Adresse, erfassen.
28. Automatisch erfasste personenbezogene Daten
Wenn Sie die Serviceleistungen nutzen, können wir bestimmte Daten automatisch erfassen, beispielsweise durch Cookies und ähnliche Technologien. Cookies sind kleine Dateien, die bestimmte Daten auf einem Gerät speichern. Cookies erstellen eine eindeutige, Ihrem Browser zugeordnete, ID-Nummer. Sitzungscookies erlöschen, wenn Sie Ihren Browser schließen, während dauerhafte Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät verbleiben, bis sie gelöscht werden oder ein bestimmtes Ablaufdatum erreichen.
Die Daten, die wir mithilfe von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien erheben, können Informationen über Ihr Gerät und dessen Leistungen, einschließlich des Gerättyps und des Betriebssystems, anderer Anwendungen auf Ihrem Gerät, des Netzwerk- und Internetdienstanbieters, der Zeitzone, des Netzwerkstatus, des Browser-Typs, Verweis-/Exitseiten, des Betriebssystems, des Datums-/Zeitstempels, der Clickstream-Daten und eindeutiger Kennnummern, beispielsweise der IP-Adresse Ihres Geräts, der eindeutigen Kennnummer Ihres Geräts, der Media Access Control (MAC) Adresse oder der Browser-Kennung, enthalten. Wir können die oben genannten Daten auch mithilfe von digitalen Fingerabdruck- und Wasserzeichentechnologien erheben.
Des Weiteren können wir Daten von bestimmten Anwendungen und Funktionen auf Ihrem Gerät erheben, sofern Sie uns Zugang zu diesen gewähren. Solche Daten umfassen die Anzahl und die Art der installierten Anwendungen, Push-Benachrichtigungen, die Kamera, das Mikrofon, Zugang zum Fotoarchiv und zum Dateispeicher,
Wir verwenden diese Daten, um die Serviceleistungen zu verbessern, indem wir bewerten, wie viele Nutzer auf die Serviceleistungen zugreifen oder diese benutzen, welche Inhalte, Produkte und Funktionen unserer Serviceleistungen unsere Besucher am meisten interessieren, welche Arten von Angeboten unsere Kunden sehen möchten und wie unsere Serviceleistungen auf technischer Ebene abschneiden.
In manchen Fällen können wir Daten, die automatisch erfasst wurden, zusammen mit anderen Daten verwenden, um Benutzer (oder Haushalte) plattform- oder geräteübergreifend (z. B. über Smartphones, Computer, Tablets oder zugehörige Browser) für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke zu erkennen. Daten, die mithilfe von digitalen Fingerabdruck- und Wasserzeichentechnologien erhoben wurden, können ferner zu Zwecken der Qualitätskontrolle, Validierung und Betrugserkennung und -prävention verwendet werden.
Weitere Informationen zu den Arten von Cookies, die wir benutzen, und den Zwecken, zu denen wir die mithilfe von Cookies erhobenen Daten verwenden, finden Sie in unserem Cookie-Einverständnis-Tool.
29. Personenbezogene Daten, die wir in Bezug auf die Befragung zu Kundenanzeigen erfassen
Wenn Sie die Serviceleistungen in Verbindung mit der Teilnahme an Befragungen zu spezifischen Anzeigen und Werbeaktionen, die RN SSI für seine Geschäftskunden prüft, verwenden, können Sie diese Anzeigen oder Werbungen an verschiedenen Stellen sehen, u. a. in mobilen Apps, die nicht von RN SSI stammen (z. B. in einer Gaming-App).  Nachdem Ihnen die entsprechenden Anzeigen und Werbungen angezeigt wurden, gibt RN SSI Ihnen Zugang zu einer Befragung zu diesen Anzeigen oder Werbungen oder kontaktiert Sie mit der Bitte, an dieser teilzunehmen und/oder stellt unter Umständen dem Werbeunternehmen oder seinem Beauftragten bestimmte demografische Daten über Sie in Verbindung mit den demografischen Profilen der Personen, die die Anzeige gesehen haben, zur Verfügung.
Um die Teilnahme an solchen Befragungen zu Anzeigen oder Werbungen zu erleichtern, arbeitet RN SSI mit Werbeunternehmen zusammen, die Anzeigen messen oder unterstützen, darunter auch viele mobile Apps. Die Anwendung/Serviceleistungen stellt/stellen Werbenetzwerken Ihre UNID-Nummer, Ihre eindeutige Kennnummer, und andere automatisch erfasste Daten zur Verfügung.  Wenn Sie daraufhin eine mobile App nutzen, die mit einem der Werbeunternehmen zusammenarbeitet, kann das Werbeunternehmen Ihre eindeutige Gerätekennnummer oder andere automatisch erfasste Informationen nutzen, um Ihr Gerät zu erkennen. Anschließend kann Ihnen das Werbeunternehmen eine Anzeige oder Werbung anzeigen, die RN SSI für einen unserer Geschäftskunden testet. Das Werbeunternehmen kann dann RN SSI informieren, dass das mit Ihrer UID verknüpfte Gerät soeben eine Anzeige oder Werbung erhalten hat. Dadurch kann RN SSI Ihnen Zugriff auf eine Befragung oder eine Kontaktmöglichkeit geben, um an einer Befragung zu der Anzeige oder Werbung teilzunehmen.
30. Von Dritten zur Verfügung gestellte Daten
Wir können personenbezogene Daten, Verhaltensdaten und/oder demografische Daten von Dritten erheben, beispielsweise von Datenverwaltungsplattformen, Werbenetzwerken, Informationsdienstagenturen und Anbietern von Stichproben. Diese Erhebung kann u. a. die Aspekte Alter, Geschlecht, Geografie, Standort, Anwesenheit von Kindern, mobile Werbe-ID, Einkaufshistorie, Werbe-Expositionen, Lookalike-Segmente umfassen.
2. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten verwenden können
Wir können die von Ihnen oder über Sie erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten unter anderem für folgende Zwecke verwenden:
• Um Ihnen die Möglichkeit zu geben, sich an Forschungsaktivitäten zu beteiligen, z. B. um einem Panel beizutreten, an von RN SSI oder Dritten verwalteten Befragungen teilzunehmen (ob als Panel-Mitglied oder als Nicht-Panel-Mitglied) oder in Verbindung mit Panels oder Befragungen Webseiten und mobile Anwendungen zu nutzen.
• Um die Prämien- und Incentive-Programme von RN SSI und andere Werbeaktionen, einschließlich in Verbindung mit einer Panel-Mitgliedschaft und/oder der Bearbeitung von Befragungen angebotene Gewinnspiele zu verwalten, zu bearbeiten, zu erfüllen, die Teilnahme an diesen zu ermöglichen und diesbezüglich zu kommunizieren.
• Um mit Ihnen hinsichtlich Ihrer Mitgliedschaft bei einem RN SSI gehörenden Panel zu kommunizieren oder um Ihnen Mitteilungen in Verbindung mit Ihrer Beteiligung an einer Befragung und maßgeschneiderte Möglichkeiten zur Teilnahme an Befragungen zu schicken.
• Um Ihnen Werbung außerhalb der Serviceleistungen anzuzeigen, um die Teilnahme an Werbeerinnerungs-Befragungen zu ermöglichen.
• Um Ihnen Serviceleistungen und Anzeigen bereitzustellen, die basierend auf Kriterien wie Ihren Interessen oder Standortinformationen auf Sie zugeschnitten sind und um es RN SSI und Dritten zu ermöglichen, Marketingerkenntnisse, Zielgruppen-/Lookalike-Modelle basierend auf individuellen und/oder gesammelten Profildaten zu entwickeln und Zielgruppen zu segmentieren. Wir können beispielsweise Marketing- und Werbekampagnen entwickeln, die auf Personen abzielen, deren soziales und demografisches Profil Ihrem ähnelt.
• Um die Wirksamkeit von Online-Werbung zu bewerten und das Webseitenpublikum zu messen und um bei der Erstellung, Entwicklung und Umsetzung von Webseiten, Online-Werbungen und anderen Funktionen, Funktionalitäten und Kampagnen im Internet und anderen digitalen Medien zu helfen.
• Um maßgeschneiderte Marketingmitteilungen über RN SSI und die Produkte und Dienstleistungen Dritter zu senden.
• Um die Aufzeichnungen von RN SSI zu aktualisieren und Datenanalysen für die Zwecke von RN SSI oder unseren Kunden durchzuführen.
• Um ein besseres Befragungserlebnis zu liefern, einschließlich Qualitätskontrolle, Validierung, Verfolgung fertiggestellter Befragungen oder anderer abgeschlossener Vorgänge
• Um Schutz und Sicherheit zu gewährleisten und Betrug aufzudecken und zu verhindern
• Um unsere rechtlichen Verpflichtungen zu erfüllen, u. a. unsere Steuerpflichten, oder um unsere Rechte anderweitig durchzusetzen oder zu schützen.
• Gemäß anderweitigen Festlegungen in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie oder sofern anderweitig von Ihnen genehmigt
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum befinden, können wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten erheben und benutzen, wenn:
• Sie der Nutzung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zugestimmt haben. Wir können zum Beispiel Ihre Einwilligung zu unserer Nutzung von Cookies oder ähnlichen Technologien einholen, um Ihnen Marketingmitteilungen zu schicken oder personenbezogene Daten zu verarbeiten, die nach anwendbarem Recht als sensibel gelten.
• Dies notwendig ist, um Ihnen Produkte und Dienstleistungen bereitzustellen, oder um Ihre Anfragen zu beantworten.
• Wir durch das geltende Recht verpflichtet oder berechtigt sind, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu verwenden.
• Wir oder ein Dritter ein berechtigtes Interesse daran hat, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu nutzen, beispielsweise, um den Schutz, die Sicherheit und die Leistung unserer Produkte und Dienstleistungen zu gewährleisten und zu verbessern, um personenbezogene Daten zu anonymisieren und Datenanalysen durchzuführen.
4. Wie wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten weitergeben
Wir können die über Sie erhobenen Daten wie unten beschrieben oder Ihnen anderweitig zum Zeitpunkt der Erhebung mitgeteilt offenlegen, beispielsweise an:
• Unsere Dach-, Tochter- und Konzernunternehmen für die in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschriebenen Zwecke.
• Unsere Dienstleister, die in unserem Auftrag Dienste erbringen und personenbezogene Daten verarbeiten. Unsere Dienstleister umfassen beispielsweise unsere Cloud-Speicher-Anbieter, Anbieter von Instrumenten zur Betrugsprävention, Befragungs-Datenerfassungs-Plattform. Wir können personenbezogene Daten auch an Datenmakler und Datenaggregatoren, die nach unseren Anweisungen und in unserem Auftrag handeln, weitergeben, um unsere Datenbank zur Entwicklung von Zielgruppenerkenntnissen und/oder Lookalike-Modellen, Analysen und Marketing-Intelligenz auszubauen und zu bereichern. Wir verpflichten diese Dienstleister vertraglich dazu, personenbezogene Daten lediglich in Übereinstimmung mit unseren Anweisungen und im zur Durchführung von Dienstleistungen in unserem Auftrag oder zur Erfüllung rechtlicher Anforderungen erforderlichen Rahmen zu verarbeiten. Des Weiteren verpflichten wir sie, Absicherungsmaßnahmen zu ergreifen, um die Sicherheit und Vertraulichkeit der personenbezogenen Daten, die sie in unserem Auftrag verarbeiten, zu gewährleisten.
• Programmpartner, die Sie zur Teilnahme an den Serviceleistungen eingeladen und durch die Sie sich angemeldet haben.
• Unsere Kunden für Marktforschungszwecke (einschließlich der Erstellung und Validierung von Modellen, Betrugserkennung und -prävention, Datenmarktsegmentierung und Datenbankabstimmung und der Einlösung von Prämien, Bonuspunkten oder Gewinnspiel-Gewinnen, der Durchführung von und/oder Eintritt in ein Gewinnspiel), um es diesen zu ermöglichen, Marketingkampagnen, Zielgruppenerkenntnisse, Lookalike-Modelle zu entwickeln und/oder Produkte/Dienstleistungen Dritter an Sie zu vermarkten und um Befragungsteilnehmer für eine erneute Kontaktierung im Rahmen von Befragungen oder anderen Mitteilungen zu identifizieren.
• Unsere Kunden oder deren Kunden, wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass Sie gegen die Rechte geistigen Eigentums eines Dritten oder gegen unsere Dienstleistungsbedingungen verstoßen haben oder dies tun könnten http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Dritte in Verbindung mit einer Umstrukturierung, einer Fusion, einem Verkauf, einem Joint Venture, einer Abtretung, einer Übertragung oder einer anderen Veräußerung eines oder aller Teile unseres Geschäfts, unserer Vermögenswerte oder unserer Aktien (u. a. in Verbindung mit einer Insolvenz oder ähnlichen Verfahren).
• Gemäß anderweitigen Festlegungen in dieser Richtlinie oder (i) wenn wir per Gesetz oder juristische Prozesse verpflichtet sind, personenbezogene Daten über Sie weiterzugeben, (ii) als Reaktion auf eine Verfügung eines Gerichts, Vollstreckungsbehörden oder Regierungsbeamten oder (iii) wenn wir der Ansicht sind, dass eine Offenlegung erforderlich oder angemessen ist, um einen physischen Schaden oder finanziellen Verlust zu verhindern, oder in Verbindung mit einer Untersuchung vermuteter oder tatsächlicher Betrügereien oder illegaler Aktivitäten.
Wir können einem Kunden erlauben, personenbezogene Daten direkt von Ihnen zu erheben. Es steht Ihnen frei, diesen ihre personenbezogenen Daten zur Verfügung zu stellen. In diesen Fällen gehen wir mit unseren Kunden eine schriftliche Vereinbarung ein, um u. a. ihre Nutzung von personenbezogenen Daten zu beschränken.
4. Ihre Rechte und Entscheidungen
Vorbehaltlich geltendem Recht sind Sie unter Umständen berechtigt:
• Bestimmte Erfassungen und Nutzungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, wenn wir die Serviceleistungen bereitstellen, abzulehnen. Wenn Sie weitere Informationen benötigen, loggen Sie sich bitte in Ihr Konto ein und ändern Sie Ihre Präferenzen.
• Bestimmte Erfassungen und Nutzungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten, die wir automatisch von Ihnen erheben, abzulehnen. In bestimmten Rechtsordnungen können Sie mithilfe des Cookie-Einverständnis-Tools von Ihrem Entscheidungsrecht hinsichtlich der Verwendung von Cookies und ähnlichen Technologien Gebrauch machen. Ihr Browser kann Ihnen mitteilen, wie Sie darüber benachrichtigt werden können, wenn bestimmte Arten von Cookies auf Ihrem Gerät abgelegt werden, und wie Sie dies ablehnen können. Bitte nehmen Sie zur Kenntnis, dass Sie ohne bestimmte Cookies möglicherweise nicht in der Lage sein werden, alle Funktionen unserer Webseiten, Apps oder Online-Dienstleistungen zu nutzen.
• Zugang zu den von uns über Sie gehaltenen personenbezogenen Daten zu verlangen und Informationen zu diesen zu erhalten, Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu aktualisieren und Ungenauigkeiten zu berichtigen, die Bearbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten zu beschränken oder abzulehnen, die Daten gegebenenfalls anonymisieren oder löschen zu lassen, oder Ihr Recht auf Datenübertragbarkeit für den erleichterten Transfer von Informationen in ein anderes Land auszuüben. Sie haben unter Umständen außerdem das Recht, eine Beschwerde bei einer Aufsichtsbehörde einzureichen, u. a. in Ihrem Wohnsitzland, an Ihrem Arbeitsplatz oder an dem Ort, an dem sich ein Vorfall ereignet hat.
• Ihre zuvor erteilte Zustimmung in Verbindung mit der Bearbeitung Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten jederzeit kostenlos zurückzuziehen. Wir werden Ihre bevorzugten Einstellungen künftig berücksichtigen, was keine Auswirkungen auf die Rechtmäßigkeit der Verarbeitung von Daten vor der Zurückziehung Ihrer Zustimmung hat.
Diese Rechte können unter Umständen durch örtlich geltende Rechtsvorschriften eingeschränkt sein.
Sie können die Erhebung aller personenbezogenen Daten und anderer Informationen durch uns stoppen, indem Sie die Serviceleistungen deinstallieren oder nicht mehr an Panels teilnehmen. Sie können die standardmäßigen Deinstallationsprozesse nutzen, die auf Ihrem mobilen Gerät, über den mobilen Anwendungsmarkt oder das Netzwerk zur Verfügung stehen, oder Sie können Ihr Panel-Teilnehmer-Konto auf der Panel-Webseite kündigen.  Bitte beachten Sie, dass wir, falls Sie die mobile Anwendung löschen, aber weiterhin ein Profil auf einer unserer Webseiten haben, weiterhin personenbezogene Daten und andere Daten von Ihnen über die Webseiten erheben können. Das Deinstallieren der mobilen Anwendung führt nicht dazu, dass alle Informationen gelöscht werden, die wir vor dem Deinstallieren der Serviceleistungen erhoben haben. Um alle von uns erfassten Daten zu löschen, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte auf nachfolgend beschriebene Weise.
Wenn Sie Ihre oben beschriebenen Rechte ausüben oder Ihr Konto auflösen möchten, kontaktieren Sie uns bitte wie im nachstehenden Abschnitt „Kontaktaufnahme“ beschrieben.
5. Datensicherheit und Datenaufbewahrung
Wir ergreifen angemessene technische, administrative und physische Maßnahmen zum Schutz der von uns weitergegebenen oder erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten und anderen Informationen gegen versehentliche, rechtswidrige oder unbefugte Zerstörung sowie Verlust, Modifizierung, Zugriff, Weitergabe oder Verwendung. Wir überprüfen, überwachen und bewerten regelmäßig unsere Datenschutzpraktiken und Sicherungssysteme. Ungeachtet der Sicherheitsmaßnahmen, die wir umsetzen, sind Übertragungen über das Internet oder über ein mobiles Netzwerk nicht komplett sicher und wir können die Sicherheit der Übertragungen nicht garantieren. Wir sind nicht verantwortlich für Fehler, die Personen bei der Übermittlung der personenbezogenen Daten an uns machen.
Wir ergreifen außerdem Maßnahmen, um Ihre personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen oder in einer Form aufzubewahren, die Ihre Identifizierung nicht zulässt, wenn diese Daten nicht mehr für die Zwecke, für die wir sie bearbeiten, erforderlich sind, es sei denn, wir sind gesetzlich dazu verpflichtet, diese Daten über einen längeren Zeitraum hinweg aufzubewahren. Bei der Festlegung des Aufbewahrungszeitraums berücksichtigen wir verschiedene Kriterien, beispielsweise die Art der von Ihnen angeforderten oder Ihnen gelieferten Produkte und Dienstleistungen, die Art und Länge unserer Beziehung mit Ihnen, eine mögliche Neuanmeldung für unsere Produkte oder Dienstleistungen, die Auswirkungen auf die Ihnen erbrachten Dienstleistungen, wenn wir einige Daten von Ihnen oder über Sie löschen, gesetzlich vorgeschriebene Aufbewahrungsfristen und die Verjährungsfrist.
6. Datenübermittlungen
Ihre personenbezogenen Daten können an Empfänger in anderen Ländern als dem Land, in dem Sie sich befinden, übermittelt werden, u. a. in die Vereinigten Staaten, in denen sich der Hauptsitz der Dachgesellschaft von Research Now and Survey Sampling International befindet. Diese Länder haben unter Umständen nicht dieselben Datenschutzgesetze wie das Land, in dem Sie die Daten ursprünglich zur Verfügung gestellt haben. Wenn wir Ihre personenbezogenen Daten in andere Länder übermitteln, schützen wir diese Daten wie in dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie beschrieben oder Ihnen zum Zeitpunkt der Erhebung mitgeteilt.
Wenn Sie sich im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum oder in der Schweiz befinden, erfüllen wir die geltenden rechtlichen Anforderungen zur Bereitstellung angemessener Maßnahmen zum Schutz von personenbezogenen Daten, die in Drittländer übermittelt werden.
7. Nichtverfolgung
Nichtverfolgung (Do Not Track, „DNT“) ist eine Präferenz in Ihrem Browser, die Sie so einstellen können, dass Webseiten, die Sie besuchen, darauf hingewiesen werden, dass Sie nicht möchten, dass diese Websites bestimmte Informationen über Sie erfassen. RN SSI reagiert nicht auf DNT-Signale. Wenn Sie Einwände gegen die Praxis von RN SSI hinsichtlich von DNT-Signalen haben, können Sie die Teilnahme oder die Nutzung der Dienstleistungen von RN SSI wie unten beschrieben ablehnen.
In Verbindung mit dem Programm zur Wirksamkeit von Online-Werbung von RN SSI gestattet RN SSI seinen Unterauftragnehmern, Partnern und/oder Kunden, Technologien von Drittanbietern abzusetzen, einzustellen und/oder zu schreiben, um die Publikumsmessung und Aktivitäten hinsichtlich Werbeerinnerungsbefragungen zu ermöglichen. RN SSI ist nicht für die Befolgung von oder die Reaktion auf DNT-Signale von Drittanbietern verantwortlich.
8. Keine Kinder
Die Serviceleistungen sind nicht für Personen unter 16 Jahren konzipiert oder bestimmt. Wir erfassen nicht wissentlich personenbezogene Daten von Kindern unter 16 Jahren. Wenn uns auffällt, dass wir unbeabsichtigt personenbezogene Daten von Kindern unter 16 Jahren erfasst haben, unternehmen wir angemessene gewerbliche Anstrengungen, um diese personenbezogenen Daten zu löschen.
9. Aktualisierungen dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie
Dieser globale Datenschutzhinweis kann in regelmäßigen Abständen aktualisiert werden, um Änderungen an den hierin dargelegten Praktiken in Verbindung mit personenbezogenen Daten widerzuspiegeln. Wir werden einen deutlichen Hinweis auf den entsprechenden Webseiten veröffentlichen, um Sie über wesentliche Änderungen an unserem globalen Datenschutzhinweis zu informieren und oben in der Mitteilung das Datum der letzten Aktualisierung angeben. Wenn wir unseren globalen Datenschutzhinweis aktualisieren, können wir unter bestimmten Umständen Ihre Einwilligung hierzu einholen.
10. Kontaktaufnahme
Wenn Sie Fragen oder Kommentare zu unseren Datenschutzpraktiken oder dieser Datenschutzrichtlinie haben oder bestimmte Nutzungen Ihrer personenbezogenen Daten ablehnen möchten, Ihre Rechte in Bezug auf die personenbezogenen Daten, die wir über Sie haben, ausüben oder sich über unsere Datenschutzpraktiken beschweren möchten, kontaktieren Sie bitte Research Now Limited oder Survey Sampling International LLC wie nachstehend beschrieben.
• Research Now Limited: schreiben Sie uns an privacy@surveysampling.com oder an 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, Vereinigtes Königreich EC4V 4BF, Attention: Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: schreiben Sie uns an privacy@surveysampling.com oder an 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 Vereinigte Staaten.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Política de privacidad
Primera fecha de entrada en vigor:  2010-01-01
Esta versión: Entrada en vigor el  2018-05-19
La Política de privacidad describe cómo Research Now Limited y Survey Sampling International LLC y sus empresas matrices, subsidiarias y afiliadas (colectivamente “RN SSI”, “nosotros” o “nuestro”) procesan los Datos personales en el contexto de las comunidades de paneles en línea, encuestas, programas de recompensas, sitios web y aplicaciones móviles (colectivamente el “Servicio”). En concreto, describe los tipos de Datos personales que recopilamos en relación con el Servicio, los objetivos para los que recopilamos esos Datos personales, las otras partes con las que podemos compartirlos y las medidas que adoptamos para proteger la seguridad de los datos. También le informa de sus derechos y opciones respecto a sus Datos personales y cómo puede ponerse en contacto con nosotros para actualizar su información de contacto o hacer preguntas sobre nuestras prácticas de privacidad.
Esta Política de privacidad no se aplica al procesamiento de sus Datos personales en el contexto de las encuestas administradas por terceros. En estas situaciones, RN SSI no es el patrocinador de la encuesta ni del instrumento de la encuesta, y los resultados de las encuestas o los datos de la encuesta, están y estarán controlados por el patrocinador de la encuesta. Consulte la política de privacidad pertinente del patrocinador para averiguar más sobre las prácticas de privacidad del patrocinador.
El registro del Servicio, su uso y el acceso a este están sujetos a esta Política de privacidad y a nuestros Términos y condiciones.
1. Datos personales que se pueden recopilar sobre usted
Recopilamos Datos personales de las diversas formas que se describen a continuación.  Para los fines de esta Política de privacidad, “Datos personales” significa cualquier información relacionada con un individuo identificado o identificable. Cuando corresponda, indicamos si debe proporcionarnos sus Datos personales y por qué debe hacerlo, así como las consecuencias de no hacerlo. Si no proporciona sus Datos personales cuando se le solicite, es posible que no pueda beneficiarse del Servicio si esa información resulta necesaria para proporcionarle el Servicio o si estamos obligados legalmente a recopilarlos.
31. Datos personales proporcionados por usted
Le pedimos que proporcione determinados Datos personales cuando se inscriba en una cuenta a través de nuestros sitios web o de la aplicación móvil, incluidos su nombre, dirección, dirección de correo electrónico, número de teléfono, fecha de nacimiento, ocupación, estudios y sexo.
Además, recopilamos los Datos personales que proporcione en el contexto de un panel, cuando participe en una encuesta o en relación con la recepción y canje de las recompensas e incentivos. Dicha información incluye un número de identificación exclusivo de panelista/encuestado que le asignamos cuando se inscriba en una cuenta y las respuestas que proporcione cuando conteste a la encuesta. En este contexto, puede elegir proporcionar Datos personales sensibles sobre usted, como Datos personales que divulguen o revelen afecciones de salud y médicas, orientación o vida sexual, opiniones/puntos de vista políticos, raza/origen étnico, creencias religiosas o filosóficas y afiliación sindical. Cuando lo exija la ley, obtendremos su consentimiento explícito para el procesamiento de sus Datos personales sensibles. También podemos recopilar el contenido que envíe, cargue o transmita al utilizar el Servicio, como fotos y vídeos.
32. Datos de la ubicación
Es posible que solicitemos su permiso para obtener información de la ubicación de su dispositivo móvil. Podemos utilizar la información de la ubicación para ofrecerle la opción de participar en encuestas e investigaciones de mercado basadas en la ubicación, o para compartir dichos datos de la ubicación con terceros clientes para demostrar determinados patrones de tráfico por ubicación de los participantes, lo que incluye, entre otros, conductas de compra basadas en las ubicaciones visitadas.
Recopilamos la información de su ubicación para los fines anteriores con su consentimiento. Si ya no desea compartir su información de geolocalización con nosotros, cambie la configuración de privacidad de su dispositivo.  Cuando lo requiera la legislación, obtendremos su consentimiento explícito para compartir la información de su ubicación con terceros.
33. Cuentas de redes sociales
Es posible que también tenga la oportunidad de acceder a los Servicios a través de plataformas de redes sociales de terceros. Si selecciona acceder a los Servicios de este modo, es posible que recopilemos determinada información de perfil almacenada en su cuenta de la plataforma de la red social, como el nombre, el sexo y la dirección de correo electrónico.
34. Datos personales obtenidos a través de medios automáticos
Cuando utiliza el Servicio, podemos recopilar determinada información por medios automáticos, como cookies y tecnologías similares. Las cookies son pequeños archivos que almacenan ciertos datos en un dispositivo. Las cookies crean una identificación exclusiva que se asocia con su navegador. Las cookies de sesión caducan cuando cierra el navegador, mientras que las cookies persistentes se mantienen en su dispositivo hasta que se eliminan o una vez que alcanzan la fecha de vencimiento definida.
La información que recopilamos por medio de las cookies y tecnologías similares puede incluir información sobre su dispositivo y sus capacidades, lo que incluye el tipo de dispositivo y el sistema operativo, otras aplicaciones del dispositivo, la red y el proveedor del servicio de Internet, la zona horaria, el estado de la red, el tipo de navegador, las páginas de referencia/salida, el sistema operativo, el sello de fecha/hora, los datos del flujo de navegación y los números de identificación exclusivos, como la dirección IP de su dispositivo, el número de identificación exclusivo del dispositivo, la dirección de control de acceso al soporte (MAC) o el identificador del navegador. También es posible que utilicemos tecnologías dactiloscópicas y de marcas de agua para recopilar la información anterior.
También es posible que recopilemos información de determinadas aplicaciones y funcionalidades disponibles en su dispositivo si nos concede acceso a estas. Dicha información incluye el número y tipo de aplicaciones instaladas, notificaciones automáticas o tipo “push”, cámara, micrófono, acceso a la biblioteca de fotos, acceso al almacenamiento de archivos.
Utilizamos esta información para mejorar el Servicio evaluando cuántos usuarios acceden o utilizan el Servicio, qué contenido, productos y funciones de nuestro Servicio interesan más a nuestros visitantes, qué tipos de ofertas quieren ver nuestros clientes y cómo se comporta nuestro Servicio desde un punto de vista técnico.
En algunos casos, podemos utilizar la información recogida por medio de medios automáticos, junto con otra información, para reconocer a los usuarios (u hogares) a través de plataformas o dispositivos, como los teléfonos inteligentes, los ordenadores, las tabletas o los navegadores relacionados, para los fines descritos en esta Política de privacidad. La información recopilada por medio de tecnologías digitales de dactilografía y marcas de agua también se puede utilizar para fines de control de calidad, validación y detección y prevención del fraude.
Para obtener más información sobre los tipos de cookies que utilizamos y los fines para los que utilizamos la información recopilada por medio de las cookies, consulte nuestra herramienta para el consentimiento de las cookies.
35. Datos personales que procesamos en relación con una encuesta sobre publicidad de los clientes
Cuando utiliza el Servicio para participar en encuestas relacionadas con promociones y anuncios específicos que RN SSI está probando para sus clientes comerciales, es posible que vea estos anuncios y promociones en varios lugares, incluidas aplicaciones móviles que no son de RN SSI (p. ej., en una aplicación de juegos).  Una vez que se haya visto expuesto a anuncios y promociones relevantes, RN SSI le proporcionará acceso a una encuesta, o se pondrá en contacto con usted para que conteste a una encuesta sobre estos anuncios o promociones y/o es posible que proporcione determinados datos demográficos sobre usted al anunciante o al agente del anunciante relacionados con los perfiles demográficos de las personas que han visto el anuncio.
Para facilitar la cumplimentación de estas encuestas sobre anuncios o promociones, RN SSI se ha asociado con empresas publicitarias que proporcionan, miden o facilitan anuncios, incluso en otras aplicaciones móviles. La Aplicación/los Servicios proporcionan a las redes publicitarias el UID, su identificador exclusivo del dispositivo, y otra información recopilada por medios automáticos.  A continuación, que utilice una aplicación móvil que se haya asociado con una de las empresas publicitarias, la empresa publicitaria puede utilizar su identificador del dispositivo exclusivo u otra información recopilada automáticamente para reconocer su dispositivo. La empresa publicitaria puede entonces mostrarle un anuncio o promoción que RN SSI esté midiendo para uno de nuestros clientes comerciales. La empresa publicitaria puede, entonces, informar a RN SSI de que el dispositivo asociado con su UID acaba de recibir un anuncio o promoción, lo que permite a RN SSI proporcionarle acceso a una encuesta, o ponerse en contacto con usted para contestar a una encuesta respecto al anuncio o la promoción.
36. Datos personales proporcionados por terceros
Podemos obtener Datos personales, información sobre conductas y/o demográfica procedentes de terceros, como plataformas de gestión de datos, redes publicitarias, oficinas de servicios de información y proveedores de muestras. Esta recopilación puede incluir, entre otra, información sobre edad, sexo, geografía, ubicación, presencia de niños, ID de anuncios móviles, antecedentes de compras, exposiciones publicitarias, segmentos similares.
2. Cómo podemos usar sus Datos personales
Podemos usar los Datos personales que obtengamos de usted o sobre usted para una amplia variedad de fines, entre ellos:
• Ofrecerle la oportunidad de participar en actividades de investigación, lo que incluye unirse a un panel, participar en encuestas administradas por RN SSI o por terceros (tanto como miembro de un panel como sin ser miembro de un panel) o usar sitios web y aplicaciones móviles asociados con paneles o encuestas.
• Administrar, gestionar, satisfacer, facilitar el ingreso en y comunicarse en relación con programas de recompensas o incentivos de RN SSI y otras promociones, incluidos sorteos ofrecidos en relación con la pertenencia a un panel y/o la cumplimentación de encuestas.
• Comunicarse con usted respecto a la pertenencia a un panel titularidad de RN SSI o enviarle notificaciones de su participación en una encuesta y oportunidades de participar en encuestas personalizadas.
• Coordinar que se le muestren anuncios fuera del Servicio para los fines de facilitar la cumplimentación de encuestas de recuerdo.
• Proporcionarle Servicios y anuncios adaptados para usted, siguiendo criterios como sus intereses o la información de su ubicación y permitir a RN SSI y terceros desarrollar ideas de comercialización, modelos de audiencias/similares basados en datos de perfiles individuales y/o agregados, y audiencias de segmentos. Por ejemplo, podemos desarrollar campañas de comercialización y publicitarias diseñadas para dirigirse a personas que tienen un perfil social y demográfico similar al suyo.
• Evaluar la eficacia de la publicidad en línea y de la medición de las audiencias de los sitios web y ayudar en la creación, el desarrollo y la implementación de los sitios web, la publicidad en línea, y otras características, funcionalidad y campañas de Internet y de medios digitales.
• Enviar comunicaciones de comercialización personalizadas sobre productos y servicios de RN SSI y terceros.
• Actualizar los registros de RN SSI, realizar análisis de datos para fines de RN SSI o de nuestros clientes.
• Proporcionar una mejor experiencia de encuesta, lo que incluye control de calidad, validación, seguimiento de encuestas cumplimentadas u otras acciones realizadas.
• Asegurar la seguridad y protección y detectar y prevenir el fraude
• Cumplir con nuestras obligaciones legales, lo que incluye, sin limitación, las obligaciones fiscales, o hacer cumplir o proteger de otro modo nuestros derechos.
• Según lo permitido de otro modo de conformidad con esta Política de privacidad o lo autorizado de otro modo por usted
Si está ubicado en el Espacio Económico Europeo, podemos recopilar y usar sus Datos personales cuando:
• Usted consienta el uso de sus Datos personales. Por ejemplo, podemos tratar de obtener su consentimiento para nuestros usos de cookies o tecnologías similares, enviarle comunicaciones de comercialización o procesar Datos personales considerados sensibles conforme a la legislación aplicable.
• Sea necesario para proporcionarle productos y servicios o para responder a sus consultas.
• Estemos obligados o autorizados por la legislación aplicable a usar sus Datos personales.
• Nosotros, o un tercero, tengamos un interés legítimo en utilizar sus Datos personales, como para asegurar y mejorar la seguridad, la protección y el rendimiento de nuestros productos y servicios, para anonimizar los Datos personales y para llevar a cabo análisis de los datos.
4. Cómo compartimos sus Datos personales
Podemos divulgar los Datos personales que recopilemos sobre usted, tal y como se describe a continuación o de cualquier otro modo que se le comunique en el momento de la recopilación de los datos, lo que incluye con:
• Nuestras empresas matrices, subsidiarias y filiales para los fines descritos en esta Política de privacidad.
• Nuestros proveedores de servicios que prestan servicios y procesan Datos personales en nuestro nombre. Ejemplos de nuestros proveedores de servicios incluyen nuestros proveedores de almacenamiento en la nube, proveedores de herramientas contra el fraude y plataformas de recopilación de datos de encuestas. También podemos compartir Datos personales con corredores de datos y agregadores de datos que actúen en virtud de nuestras instrucciones y en nuestro nombre para enriquecer nuestra base de datos para el desarrollo de puntos de vista de la audiencia y/o modelos similares, analíticas e inteligencia de comercialización. Exigimos por contrato a estos proveedores de servicios que solo procesen los Datos personales de acuerdo con nuestras instrucciones y según sea necesario para prestar los servicios en nuestro nombre o cumplir con requisitos legales. También les exigimos que cuenten con salvaguardas diseñadas para proteger la seguridad y confidencialidad de los Datos personales que procesan en nuestro nombre.
• Socios del programa que le invitaron a unirse al Servicio y a través de los que se ha inscrito.
• Nuestros clientes para fines relacionados con la investigación de mercado (lo que incluye la creación y validación de modelos, la detección y prevención del fraude, la segmentación del mercado de datos y el emparejamiento de bases de datos, y canje, cumplimiento y/o participación de recompensas, incentivos o concursos), para permitirles desarrollar campañas de comercialización, puntos de vista de la audiencia, modelos similares y/o para comercializar productos/servicios de terceros con usted y para fines de identificar a los encuestados para encuestas o comunicaciones de nuevo contacto.
• Nuestro cliente o sus clientes, si creemos que usted ha infringido o podría infringir los derechos de propiedad intelectual de un tercero o nuestros Términos de servicio http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Con un tercero en relación con cualquier reorganización, fusión, venta, asociación conjunta, asignación, transferencia u otra disposición de la totalidad o cualquier parte de nuestro negocio, activos o acciones (lo que incluye en relación con cualquier procedimiento de bancarrota o similar).
• De cualquier otro modo permitido conforme a esta Política o (i) si la legislación o un proceso legal nos obliga a divulgar Datos personales sobre usted, (ii) en respuesta a una solicitud de un tribunal, autoridad de cumplimiento de la ley o funcionario del gobierno, o (iii) cuando creamos que la divulgación es necesaria o adecuada para evitar un daño físico o pérdida financiera, o en relación con una investigación de una actividad fraudulenta o ilegal posible o real.
Es posible que permitamos a un cliente que recopile Datos personales directamente de usted. Usted es libre de proporcionarles sus Datos personales. En estas situaciones, celebramos un contrato por escrito con nuestros clientes para, entre otras cosas, limitar su uso de los Datos personales.
4. Sus derechos y elecciones
Con sujeción a la legislación aplicable, puede que tenga derecho a:
• Rechazar determinada recopilación y uso de sus Datos personales cuando proporcionemos el Servicio. Para obtener más información, inicie sesión en su cuenta y cambie sus preferencias.
• Rechazar la recopilación y uso de determinada información, que recopilamos sobre usted por medios automáticos. En determinadas jurisdicciones, puede ejercer su elección respecto al uso de cookies y tecnologías similares por medio de la herramienta para el consentimiento de las cookies. Su navegador puede indicarle cómo ser notificado y rechazar que se coloquen determinados tipos de cookies en su dispositivo. Tenga en cuenta que sin determinadas cookies es posible que no pueda usar todas las funciones de nuestros sitios web, aplicaciones o servicios en línea.
• Solicite acceso y reciba información sobre los Datos personales que mantenemos sobre usted, para actualizar y corregir inexactitudes en sus Datos personales, restringir u oponerse al procesamiento de sus Datos personales, hacer que la información se anonimice o elimine, según sea adecuado, o ejercer su derecho a la portabilidad de los datos para transferir fácilmente información a otra empresa. Además, también tiene derecho a presentar una reclamación ante la autoridad supervisora, lo que incluye en su país de residencia, lugar de trabajo o donde se produzca un incidente.
• Retire cualquier consentimiento que otorgase previamente respecto al procesamiento de sus Datos personales, en cualquier momento y sin cargos. Aplicaremos sus preferencias en adelante y esto no afectará a la legalidad del procesamiento previo a su retirada del consentimiento.
Esos derechos pueden estar limitados, en algunas circunstancias, por los requisitos de la legislación local.
Puede interrumpir toda la recopilación de Datos personales y otra información por nuestra parte, desinstalando los Servicios o finalizando su participación en todos los paneles. Puede usar el proceso de desinstalación estándar disponible como parte de su dispositivo móvil o a través de la red o el mercado de aplicaciones móviles, o puede cancelar su cuenta de panelista en el sitio del panel.  Tenga en cuenta que si elimina la aplicación móvil, pero mantiene un perfil en uno de nuestros sitios web, podemos seguir recopilando Datos personales y otros datos de usted por medio de nuestros sitios web. La desinstalación de la aplicación móvil no eliminará toda la información recopilada por nosotros antes de la desinstalación de los Servicios. Para eliminar toda la información recopilada por nosotros, póngase en contacto con nosotros del modo indicado a continuación.
Si desea ejercer sus derechos descritos anteriormente o finalizar su cuenta, póngase en contacto con nosotros del modo especificado en la siguiente sección “Cómo ponerse en contacto con nosotros”.
5. Seguridad de los datos y conservación de los datos
Mantenemos salvaguardas técnicas, administrativas y físicas adecuadas para proteger los Datos personales y otra información divulgada o recopilada por nosotros frente a la destrucción, pérdida, alteración, acceso, divulgación o uso accidentales, ilegales o no autorizados. Revisamos, supervisamos y evaluamos nuestras prácticas de privacidad y sistemas de protección de manera periódica. A pesar de las salvaguardas que implementamos, las transmisiones por Internet o una red móvil no son totalmente seguras y, por tanto, no podemos garantizar la seguridad de las transmisiones en línea. No somos responsables de errores cometidos por otras personas en el envío de Datos personales a nosotros.
También tomamos medidas para eliminar sus Datos personales o mantenerlos de un modo que no permita identificarle cuando esta información ya no sea necesaria para los fines para los que la procesamos, salvo que la legislación nos obligue a conservar esta información durante un período más prolongado. A la hora de determinar el período de conservación, tenemos en cuenta varios criterios, como el tipo de productos y servicios solicitados por usted o suministrados a usted, la naturaleza y la duración de nuestra relación con usted, la posible nueva inscripción en nuestros productos o servicios, el impacto en los servicios que le proporcionamos si eliminamos parte de la información procedente de usted o sobre usted, los período de conservación obligatorios establecidos por la legislación y el régimen de prescripción.
6. Transferencias de datos
Sus Datos personales se pueden transferir a destinatarios en países distintos del país en que está ubicado, incluido a los Estados Unidos donde tienen su sede la empresa matriz de Research Now y Survey Sampling International. Estos países posiblemente no tengan la misma legislación de protección de los datos que el país en que proporcionó inicialmente la información. Cuando transfiramos sus Datos personales a otros países, protegeremos esa información del modo descrito en esta Política de privacidad o tal y como se le indique en el momento de la recopilación.
Si está ubicado en el Espacio Económico Europeo o en Suiza, cumpliremos con los requisitos legales aplicables proporcionando salvaguardas adecuadas para la transferencia de los Datos personales a terceros países.
7. Do Not Track (No rastrear)
Do Not Track (“DNT”) es una preferencia en su navegador que usted puede establecer para notificar a los sitios web que visita que no desea que los sitios web recopilen cierta información sobre usted. RN SSI no responde a las señales de DNT. Si usted se opone a la práctica de RN SSI en cuanto a las señales de DNT, usted tiene la opción de darse de baja de la participación o el uso de los servicios de RN SSI como se describen a continuación.
En relación con el programa de eficacia de publicidad en línea de RN SSI, RN SSI permite a sus subcontratistas, socios y/o clientes dejar, establecer y/o escribir tecnologías de terceros con el fin de facilitar las actividades de medición de audiencia y de encuestas de retirada de publicidad. RN SSI no es responsable del cumplimiento de cualquier tercero con, o la respuesta a las señales de DNT.
8. No para niños
El Servicio no está diseño para, ni está pensado para ser usado por, ninguna persona que tenga menos de 16 años. No recopilamos de forma consciente Datos personales de niños de menos de 16 años y si nos enteramos de que accidentalmente recopilamos Datos personales de un niño de menos de 16 años, haremos todos los esfuerzos razonables desde un punto de vista comercial por eliminar dichos Datos personales.
9. Actualizaciones a esta Política de privacidad
Esta Política de privacidad global se puede actualizar periódicamente para reflejar cambios en nuestras prácticas sobre los Datos personales. Publicaremos un aviso destacado en los sitios web pertinentes para notificarle de cualquier cambio importante en nuestro Aviso de privacidad global e indicaremos en la parte superior del Aviso cuando se realizó la actualización más reciente. Si actualizamos nuestro Aviso de privacidad global, en determinadas circunstancias, es posible que obtengamos su consentimiento.
10. Cómo ponerse en contacto con nosotros
Si tiene alguna pregunta o comentario respecto a nuestras prácticas de privacidad o esta Política de privacidad o si desea rechazar determinados usos de sus Datos personales, ejercer sus derechos en relación con los Datos personales que conservamos sobre usted o presentar una reclamación sobre nuestra práctica de privacidad, no dude en ponerse en contacto con Research Now Limited o Survey Sampling International LLC del modo descrito a continuación.
• Research Now Limited: escríbanos a privacy@surveysampling.com o a 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, Reino Unido EC4V 4BF, Attention: Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: escriba a privacy@surveysampling.com o a 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 Estados Unidos.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Tietosuojakäytäntö
Voimassa ensimmäisen kerran:  2010-01-01
Tämä versio: Voimaantulopäivä:  2018-05-19
Tämä tietosuojakäytäntö ei koske henkilötietojesi käsittelyä kolmansien osapuolien hallinnoimien kyselytutkimuksien yhteydessä. Näissä tapauksissa RN SSI ei ole kyselytutkimuksen toimeksiantaja, ja kyselytutkimusväline sekä kyselyn tulokset ja tiedot ovat ja tulevat olemaan kyselytutkimuksen toimeksiantajan omaisuutta. Saat lisätietoja yksittäisen kyselytutkimuksen toimeksiantajan tietosuojakäytänteistä tutustumalla kyseisen tahon omaan tietosuojakäytäntöön.
Palveluun rekisteröitymiseen, sen käyttöön ja siihen pääsyyn sovelletaan tätä tietosuojakäytäntöä ja käyttöehtojamme.
1. Henkilötiedot, joita sinusta voidaan kerätä
Keräämme henkilötietoja usein eri tavoin, jotka on kuvattu jäljempänä. Tässä tietosuojakäytännössä käytetty termi “henkilötiedot” tarkoittaa mitä tahansa tietoa, joka liittyy tunnistettuun tai tunnistettavaan henkilöön. Ilmaisemme aina, jos sinun luovutettava meille henkilötietojasi, miksi sinun on tehtävä niin ja mitä seuraa, jos et luovuta niitä. Jos et pyydettäessä luovuta henkilötietoja, et välttämättä pysty hyötymään palvelusta, jos kyseisiä tietoja tarvitaan palvelun tarjoamiseen tai jos laki velvoittaa meidät keräämään niitä.
37. Itse luovuttamasi henkilötiedot
Lisäksi keräämme luovuttamiasi henkilötietoja paneelin yhteydessä osallistuessasi kyselytutkimukseen tai vastaanottaessasi palkintoja tai kannustimia. Tällaisia tietoja ovat panelistin/vastaajan tunnistenumero, joka sinulle määritetään rekisteröidessäsi itsellesi tilin, sekä kyselytutkimukseen antamasi vastaukset. Tässä yhteydessä voit itse valita, luovutatko arkaluonteisia henkilötietoja itsestäsi. Tällaiset tiedot voivat paljastaa muun muassa terveydentilaan tai sairauksiin, seksuaaliseen suuntautumiseen tai sukupuolielämään liittyviä yksityiskohtia, poliittisia mielipiteita tai näkemyksiä, etnisen taustan, hengelliset tai filosofiset uskomukset tai mahdollisen jäsenyyden ammattiliitossa. Mikäli lainsäädäntö edellyttää, pyydämme sinulta nimenomaisen suostumuksen arkaluonteisien henkilötietojen käsittelyä varten. Saatamme kerätä myös sisältöä, jota lähetät tai siirrät palvelimelle palvelua käyttäessäsi, kuten valokuvia tai videoita.
38. Sijaintitiedot
Keräämme sijaintitietojasi yllä oleviin tarkoituksiin vain, mikäli annat siihen suostumuksen. Jos et halua enää luovuttaa tietoa sijainnistasi meille, muuta laitteesi tietosuoja-asetuksia. Mikäli lainsäädäntö edellyttää, pyydämme sinulta nimenomaisen suostumuksen sijaintitietojesi luovuttamiseen kolmansille osapuolille.
39. Sosiaalisen median tilit
40. Automaattisesti kerätyt henkilötiedot
Evästeillä ja muilla vastaavilla tekniikoilla keräämämme tiedot saattavat sisältää tietoja laitteestasi ja sen suorituskyvystä. Näitä tietoja ovat muun muassa laitteen tyyppi ja käyttöjärjestelmä, muut laitteessa käytetyt sovellukset, verkon ja Internet-yhteyden palveluntarjoaja, aikavyöhyke, verkon tila, verkkoselaimen tyyppi, viittaavat sivut ja poistumissivut, päivämäärä- ja kellonaikaleima, sivukyselydata sekä yksilöivät tunnistenumerot, kuten laitteesi IP-osoite, Media Access Control (MAC) -osoite tai verkkoselaimen tunniste. Saatamme käyttää myös digitaalisia sormenjälkiä ja vesileimoja edellä kuvattujen tietojen keräämiseen.
Saatamme kerätä tietoja myös tietyistä laitteellasi olevista sovelluksista ja toiminnoista, mikäli myönnät niihin pääsyoikeuden. Tällaisia tietoja ovat muun muassa asennettujen sovelluksien lukumäärä ja tyyppi, push-ilmoitukset, kamera, mikrofoni sekä valokuvakirjaston ja tiedostojen käyttöoikeus.
Saatamme käyttää näitä tietoja palvelun parantamiseen. Tutkimme, kuinka moni käyttäjä avaa palvelun tai käyttää sitä, mikä osa palvelumme sisällöstä, tuotteista ja ominaisuuksista kiinnostaa kävijöitä eniten, millaisia tarjouksia asiakkaat haluavat nähdä sekä millä tavoin palvelu toimii tekniseltä kannalta.
Joissain tapauksissa saatamme käyttää automaattisesti kerättyjä tietoja yhdessä muiden tietojen kanssa. Tällä tunnistetaan käyttäjiä (tai kotitalouksia) eri alustoilla tai laitteilla, kuten älypuhelimilla, tietokoneilla, tableteilla tai niihin liittyvillä selaimilla tässä tietosuojakäytännössä kuvatuista syistä. Digitaalisella sormenjälki- tai vesileimatekniikalla kerättyjä tietoja voidaan myös käyttää laadunvalvontaan, validointiin sekä verkkohuijauksien havaitsemiseen ja ennaltaehkäisyyn.
Lisätietoja käyttämiemme evästeiden tyypistä sekä evästeillä keräämiemme tietojen käyttötarkoituksesta on evästesuostumuksen työkalussa.
41. Henkilötietojen käsitteleminen asiakkaiden mainostamista koskevan kyselytutkimuksen yhteydessä
Jos käytät palvelua osallistuaksesi kyselytutkimuksiin, jotka koskevat tiettyjä mainoksia ja kampanjoita, joita RN SSI testaa yritysasiakkaitaan varten, saatat nähdä näitä mainoksia tai kampanjoita useissa paikoissa, mukaan lukien muissa kuin RN SSI:n mobiilisovelluksissa (esim. peleissä). Kun sinulle on näytetty kohdennettuja mainoksia ja kampanjoita, RN SSI antaa sinulle mahdollisuuden siirtyä kyseistä mainosta tai kampanjaa koskevaan kyselytutkimukseen tai pyytää sinua vastaamaan sellaiseen ja/tai saattaa luovuttaa tiettyjä demografisia tietoja sinusta mainostajalle tai tämän edustajalle. Nämä tiedot koskevat mainoksen nähneiden henkilöiden demografisia profiileja.
Mainoksiin tai kampanjoihin liittyviin kyselytutkimuksiin vastaamisen helpottamiseksi RN SSI toimii yhteistyössä mainontaa esimerkiksi muissa mobiilisovelluksissa tuottavien, mittaavien tai edistävien yhtiöiden kanssa. Sovellus/palvelut luovuttavat mainosverkostoille yksilöivän laitetunnisteesi (UID) sekä muita automaattisesti kerättyjä tietoja. Kun käytät jonkin mainosyhtiön kanssa yhteistyössä toimivaa sovellusta, kyseinen mainosyhtiö saattaa käyttää yksilöivää laitetunnistettasi tai muita automaattisesti kerättyjä tietoja laitteesi tunnistamiseen. Kyseinen mainosyhtiö saattaa sitten näyttää sinulle mainoksen tai kampanjan, jonka vaikutusta RN SSI mittaa jonkin yritysasiakkaansa puolesta. Mainosyhtiö saattaa tämän jälkeen ilmoittaa RN SSI:lle, että UID-tunnisteeseesi liittyvä laite on juuri vastaanottanut mainoksen tai kampanjan, ja tämän ansiosta RN SSI antaa sinulle mahdollisuuden siirtyä kyseistä mainosta tai kampanjaa koskevaan kyselytutkimukseen tai pyytää sinua vastaamaan sellaiseen.
42. Kolmansien osapuolien toimittamat henkilötiedot
Saatamme hankkia henkilötietoja, käyttäytymiseen liittyviä tietoja ja/tai demografisia tietoja kolmansilta osapuolilta. Sellaisia ovat muun muassa tiedonhallinta-alustat, mainosverkostot, tietopalveluja toimittavat viranomaiset sekä tilastollisia koeryhmiä toimittavat tahot. Tällä tavoin hankittavia tietoja ovat muun muassa ikä, sukupuoli, paikkatieto, sijainti, mahdolliset lapset, mobiilimainoksien tunnisteet, ostohistoria, tieto näytetyistä mainoksista sekä samankaltaisuuteen perustuvat kohderyhmät.
2. Henkilötietojesi käyttötavat
• Pystyäksemme tarjoamaan sinulle mahdollisuuden osallistua tutkimustoimintaan, kuten paneeleihin tai RN SSI:n tai kolmansien osapuolien hallinnoimiin kyselytutkimuksiin (paneeliin kuuluvana tai kuulumattomana jäsenenä), tai käyttää paneeleihin tai kyselytutkimuksiin liittyviä verkkosivustoja ja mobiilisovelluksia.
• Pystyäksemme hallinnoimaan, hallitsemaan tai toimittamaan RN SSI:n palkitsemis- ja kannustamisohjelmia tai muita kampanjoita, edistämään osallistumista niihin ja tiedottamaan niistä. Tällaisia ohjelmia ja kampanjoita ovat muun muassa arvonnat, joita tarjotaan paneelin jäsenyyden ja/tai kyselytutkimukseen vastaamisen yhteydessä.
• Pystyäksemme lähettämään RN SSI:n omistaman paneelin jäsenyyteesi liittyvää viestintää tai ilmoituksia osallistumisestasi kyselytutkimukseen sekä sinulle kohdennettuja mahdollisuuksia osallistua kyselytutkimuksiin.
• Pystyäksemme tekemään järjestelyjä mainoksien näyttämiseksi sinulle palvelun ulkopuolella seurantakyselyihin vastaamisen edistämiseksi.
• Pystyäksemme tarjoamaan sinulle muun muassa kiinnostuksen aiheiden tai sijaintitiedon perusteella kohdennettuja palveluja ja mainoksia sekä antaaksemme RN SSI:lle ja kolmansille osapuolille mahdollisuuden muodostaa tietoa markkinoista, laatia yksilöllisiin ja/tai koostettuihin profiilitietoihin perustuvia kohdeyleisöä tai samankaltaisuuteen perustuvaa kohderyhmää kuvaavia malleja sekä jakaa yleisöä kohderyhmiin. Saatamme esimerkiksi laatia markkinointi- ja mainoskampanjoita, jotka on kohdennettu henkilöille, joiden sosiaalinen ja demografinen profiili on samankaltainen kuin sinulla.
• Pystyäksemme arvioimaan verkkomainonnan tehokkuutta, mitataksemme verkkokohderyhmiä sekä auttaaksemme verkkosivustojen, verkkomainosten ja muun internetin ja digitaalisen median ominaisuuksien, toimintojen ja kampanjoiden luomisessa, kehittämisessä ja toteuttamisessa.
• Lähettääksemme kohdennettua markkinointiviestintää RN SSI:n sekä kolmansien osapuolien tuotteista ja palveluista.
• Päivittääksemme RN SSI:n keräämiä tietoja sekä suorittaaksemme data-analyyseja RN SSI:n tai asiakkaidemme käyttötarkoituksia varten.
• Tarjotaksemme paremman kyselytutkimuksien käyttökokemuksen koskien muun muassa laadunvalvontaa, validointia, vastattujen kyselytutkimuksien seurantaa tai muita suoritettuja toimenpiteitä.
• Varmistaaksemme turvallisuuden ja tietoturvan sekä havaitaksemme ja estääksemme huijaukset.
• Täyttääksemme lainsäädännön meille asettamat vaatimukset, mukaan lukien verotukseen liittyvät velvollisuudet, sekä varmistaaksemme omien oikeuksiemme täytäntöönpanon tai turvaamisen.
• Muilla tavoin tämän tietosuojakäytännön tai antamasi valtuutuksen mukaisesti.
Jos olet Euroopan talousalueella, saatamme kerätä ja käyttää henkilötietojasi seuraavissa yhteyksissä:
• Olet sallinut henkilötietojesi käytön. Saatamme pyytää suostumustasi esimerkiksi käyttääksemme evästeitä tai muita vastaavia tekniikoita, lähettääksemme sinulle markkinointiviestintää tai käsitelläksemme henkilötietoja, jotka sovellettava lainsäädäntö on määrittänyt arkaluontoisiksi.
• Henkilötietojen käyttö on tarpeen, jotta voimme tarjota sinulle tuotteita ja palveluja tai vastata tiedusteluihisi.
• Sovellettava lainsäädäntö edellyttää henkilötietojen käyttöä tai sallii sen.
• Meillä tai kolmannella osapuolella on lain turvaama intressi henkilötietojesi käyttöön. Tällainen intressi voi olla muun muassa tuotteidemme ja palvelujemme turvallisuuden, tietoturvan ja suorituskyvyn parantaminen, henkilötietojen nimettömiksi tekeminen tai data-analyysien tekeminen.
4. Henkilötietojesi jakamistavat
• Emo-, tytär- ja osakkuusyhtiömme tässä tietosuojakäytännössä kuvattuihin tarkoituksiin.
• Palveluntarjoajamme, jotka puolestamme suorittavat henkilötietoja koskevia palveluja ja käsittelevät niitä. Palveluntarjoajiamme ovat esimerkiksi pilvipalvelujen, verkkohuijaustyökalujen sekä kyselytutkimusdatan keräysalustan toimittajat. Saatamme luovuttaa henkilötietoja datan välittäjille ja koostajille, jotka toimivat puolestamme antamamme ohjeistuksen mukaisesti tarkoituksenaan kasvattaa tietokantaamme markkinatiedon ja/tai samankaltaisuuteen perustuvien kohderyhmien muodostamiseksi, analyysien suorittamiseksi ja markkinoita koskevan tiedon keräämiseksi. Edellytämme sopimusperusteisesti, että nämä palvelutarjoajat käsittelevät henkilötietoja ainoastaan ohjeistuksemme mukaisesti ja vain siltä osin, kuin on tarpeen palvelujen toteuttamiseksi puolestamme tai lainsäädännön asettamien vaatimuksien noudattamiseksi. Edellytämme myös, että näillä palveluntarjoajilla on käytössään suojausmekanismit, jotka on suunniteltu varmistamaan puolestamme käsiteltävien henkilötietojen tietoturva ja luottamuksellisuus.
• Ohjelmakumppanit, jotka ovat kutsuneet sinut liittymään palveluun ja joiden kautta olet rekisteröitynyt käyttäjäksi.
• Asiakkaamme, jotka käyttävät tietoja markkinatutkimuksiin liittyviin tarkoituksiin (kuten mallien luomiseen ja validointiin, verkkohuijauksien havaitsemiseen ja ennaltaehkäisyyn, datan segmentointiin kohderyhmittäin, tietokantojen yhdistämiseen sekä palkkioiden, kannustimien tai arvontapalkintojen luovuttamiseen ja/tai niiden vastaanottajaksi ilmoittautumisen kirjaamiseen) markkinointikampanjoiden kehittämiseksi, markkinatilanteen kartoittamiseksi, samankaltaisuuteen perustuvien kohderyhmien muodostamiseksi ja/tai kolmansien osapuolien tuotteiden/palvelujen markkinoimiseksi sinulle sekä vastaanottajien tunnistamiseksi uudelleen suoritettaviin kyselytutkimuksiin vastaamiseksi suoritettavia yhteydenottoja tai viestintää varten.
• Asiakkaamme tai heidän asiakkaansa, mikäli uskomme, että olet rikkonut tai saatat rikkoa kolmannen osapuolen immateriaalioikeuksia tai käyttöehtojamme. http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Kolmannet osapuolet yrityksien uudelleenjärjestelyn, fuusion, myynnin, yhteisyrityksen muodostamisen, luovutuksen, siirron tai muun liiketoimintamme tai minkä tahansa sen osan, yrityksen varojen tai osakkeiden järjestelyn yhteydessä (mukaan lukien konkurssimenettely tai muut vastaavat järjestelyt).
• Muut tämän tietosuojakäytännön mahdollistamat tavat tai tilanteet, joissa (i) olemme velvoitettuja luovuttamaan henkilötietojasi lainsäädännön tai oikeusprosessin edellyttämänä, (ii) vastineenamme tuomioistuimen tai lakia valvovan tai valtiollisen viranomaisen esittämään tietopyyntöön tai (iii) mikäli uskomme, että näiden tietojen luovuttaminen on tarpeellista tai asianmukaista fyysisen haitan tai taloudellisien menetyksien välttämiseksi tai tietojen luovutus liittyy epäillyn tai tapahtuneen huijauksen tai lainvastaisen toiminnan tutkimiseen.
Saatamme antaa asiakkaallemme luvan kerätä henkilötietoja suoraan sinulta. Voit itse päättää, luovutatko henkilötietojasi heille. Näissä tilanteissa laadimme asiakkaidemme kanssa kirjallisen sopimuksen muun muassa rajoittaaksemme heidän henkilötietojen käyttöään.
4. Omat oikeutesi ja valinnanvapaus
Sovellettavan lainsäädännön puitteissa sinulla saattaa olla seuraavat oikeudet:
• Oikeus kieltää tietty henkilötietojen kerääminen ja käyttö toimittaessamme palvelua sinulle. Saat lisätietoja kirjautumalla sisään tilillesi ja muuttamalla omia asetuksiasi.
• Oikeus kieltää tiettyjen, automaattisesti kerättyjen tietojen kerääminen ja käyttö. Tietyillä lainsäädäntöalueilla voit käyttää evästeitä ja muita vastaavia tekniikoita koskevaa valinnanvapauttasi käyttämällä evästeiden hyväksymistyökalua. Verkkoselaimesi saattaa ilmoittaa sinulle, miten saat ilmoituksen tietyn tyyppisistä, laitteellesi tallennetuita evästeistä ja kiellät niiden käytön. Huomaa, että ilman tietynlaisia evästeitä et pysty käyttämään kaikkia verkkosivustojemme, sovelluksiemme tai verkkopalvelujemme ominaisuuksia.
• Oikeus pyytää nähtäväksi hallinnoimiamme henkilötietojasi tai vastaanottaa tietoja niistä henkilötietojen päivittämiseksi, niissä olevien epätarkkuuksien korjaamiseksi, niiden käsittelyn rajoittamiseksi tai kieltämiseksi, niiden muuttamiseksi nimettömiksi tai niiden poistamiseksi tarkoituksenmukaiseksi katsottavalla tavalla tai käyttääksesi tietojen siirrettävyyttä koskevia oikeuksiasi siirtääksesi tiedot helposti toiselle yritykselle. Lisäksi sinulla saattaa olla oikeus jättää valitus valvontaviranomaiselle muun muassa omassa asuinmaassasi, maassa, jossa työskentelet tai maassa, jossa valituksen kohteena oleva asia on tapahtunut.
• Oikeus milloin tahansa ja maksutta perua aiemmin annettu suostumus, joka koskee henkilötietojen käsittelyä. Noudatamme suostumuksen perumisen jälkeen määrittämääsi asetusta, eikä peruminen vaikuta tietojen käsittelyn laillisuuteen.
Paikallinen lainsäädäntö saattaa tietyissä olosuhteissa rajoittaa näitä oikeuksia.
Voit lopettaa kaikkien henkilötietojen muiden tietojen keräämisen poistamalla palvelujen asennuksen tai lopettamalla kaikkiin paneeleihin osallistumisen. Voit käyttää normaalia mobiililaitteessasi käytössä olevaa sovellusten poistamismenetelmää tai suorittaa poiston mobiilisovellusmyymälöiden tai -verkostojen kautta tai voit poistaa panelistitilisi paneelisivustolla.  Huomaathan, että mikäli poistat mobiilisovelluksen, mutta säilytät profiilisi jossain verkkosivustossamme, saatamme edelleen kerätä sinusta henkilötietoja muita tietoja verkkosivustojemme kautta. Mobiilisovelluksen poistaminen ei poista kaikkia ennen palvelujen asennuksen poistamista keräämiämme tietoja. Poistaaksesi kaikki keräämämme tiedot ota yhteyttä meihin jäljempänä kuvatulla tavalla.
Jos haluat käyttää edellä kuvattuja oikeuksiasi tai lopettaa tilisi, ota yhteyttä meihin jäljempänä olevan kohdan ”Yhteydenotot” mukaisesti.
5. Tietoturva ja tietojen säilyttäminen
Käytämme tarvittavia teknisiä, hallinnollisia ja fyysisiä varmuuskeinoja suojataksemme henkilötiedot ja muut luovuttamamme tai keräämämme tiedot vahingossa tapahtuvan, laittoman tai luvattoman poistamisen, katoamisen, muuntelun, tarkastelun, luovuttamisen tai käytön estämiseksi. Tarkistamme, valvomme ja arvioimme tietosuojakäytäntöjämme ja tietoturvajärjestelmiämme säännöllisesti. Käyttämistämme suojaustoimenpiteistä huolimatta internet- tai matkapuhelinverkon välityksellä tapahtuva tiedonsiirto ei ole täysin turvallista, emmekä sen vuoksi takaa verkossa tapahtuvan tiedonsiirron turvallisuutta. Emme ole vastuussa virheistä, joita henkilöt saattavat tehdä lähettäessään henkilötietoja meille.
Suoritamme tarvittavat toimenpiteet poistaaksemme henkilötietosi tai pitääksemme ne sellaisessa muodossa, joka ei mahdollista tunnistamistasi siinä tapauksessa, että näitä tietoja ei enää tarvita siihen tarkoitukseen, jota varten itse käsittelemme niitä, ellei lainsäädäntö vaadi meitä säilyttämään näitä tietoja kauemmin. Säilytysajan määrittämisessä otamme huomioon useita kriteerejä, kuten pyytämiesi tai sinulle toimitettujen tuotteiden ja palvelujen tyyppi, välisemme suhteen laatu ja kesto, mahdollinen paluu tuotteidemme tai palvelujemme käyttäjäksi, vaikutus sinulle toimittamiimme palveluihin siinä tapauksessa, että poistamme tietoja, joita meillä on sinusta tai jotka olemme saaneet sinulta sekä pakolliset lainsäädännössä ja vanhentumissäännöksessä määritetyt säilytysajat.
6. Tietojen siirtäminen
Henkilötietosi voidaan siirtää vastaanottajille, jotka ovat muissa maissa kuin itse olet. Näihin maihin kuuluu muun muassa Yhdysvallat, jossa Research Now -yhtiön emoyhtiö ja Survey Sampling International -yhtiö sijaitsevat. Näissä maissa ei välttämättä ole voimassa sama tietosuojalainsäädäntö kuin maassa, jossa olet luovuttanut tiedot. Kun siirrämme henkilötietojasi muihin maihin, suojaamme kyseiset tiedot tässä tietosuojakäytännössä tai tietojen keräämisen yhteydessä kuvatulla tavalla.
Jos olet Euroopan talousalueella tai Sveitsissä, noudatamme henkilötietojen kolmansiin maihin siirtämisen riittävää suojaamista koskevaa, sovellettavaa lainsäädäntöä.
7. Do Not Track
Do Not Track (”DNT”) on verkkoselaimen asetus, jonka voit asettaa ilmoittamaan käyttämillesi verkkosivustoille, että et halua niiden keräävän sinusta jotakin tiettyä tietoa. RN SSI ei vastaa DNT-signaaleihin. Jos et hyväksy RN SSI:n DNT-signaaleja koskevaa käytäntöä, voit kieltäytyä osallistumisesta tai käyttää RN SSI:n palveluja jäljempänä kuvatulla tavalla.
RN SSI:n verkkomainonnan tehokkuutta mittaavaan ohjelmaan liittyen RN SSI sallii aliurakoitsijoidensa, kumppaneidensa ja/tai asiakkaidensa pudottaa, asettaa ja/tai kirjoittaa kolmannen osapuolen teknologioita, joiden tarkoituksena on avustaa kohderyhmiä koskevia mittauksia ja mainosten muistamista koskevaa kyselytutkimustoimintaa. RN SSI ei ole vastuussa minkään kolmannen osapuolen DNT-signaalien noudattamisesta tai niihin vastaamisesta.
8. Lapsien poissulkeminen
9. Tämän tietosuojakäytännön muutokset
10. Yhteydenotot
• Research Now Limited: lähetä sähköpostiviesti osoitteeseen privacy@surveysampling.com tai kirje osoitteeseen 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF, Attention: Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: lähetä sähköpostiviesti osoitteeseen privacy@surveysampling.com tai kirje osoitteeseen 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484, United States.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Adatvédelmi irányelv
Első hatálybalépés dátuma:  2010-01-01
Jelen Adatvédelmi irányelv bemutatja, hogy a Research Now Limited és a Survey Sampling International LLC, valamint partnereik, leányvállalataik és kapcsolt vállalkozásaik (együttesen „RN SSI”, „Mi”, „minket” vagy „miénk”) hogyan dolgozzák fel a Személyes adatokat az online panelközösségek, felmérések, jutalomprogramok, weboldalak és alkalmazások (együttesen a „Szolgáltatás”) keretein belül. Jelen dokumentum különösen azt mutatja be, hogy mely Személyes adatokat gyűjtjük a Szolgáltatással kapcsolatban, milyen célból gyűjtjük a Személyes adatokat, kikkel oszthatjuk meg azokat, és milyen lépéseket teszünk ezen adatok biztonságának megőrzése érdekében. A dokumentumból az Ön Személyes adataival kapcsolatos jogait és választási lehetőségeit is megtudhatja, valamint arról is tájékozódhat, hogyan veheti fel velünk a kapcsolatot elérhetőségeinek aktualizálásával vagy adatvédelmi gyakorlatunkra vonatkozó kérdéseivel kapcsolatban.
Jelen Adatvédelmi irányelv nem vonatkozik a Személyes adatok harmadik felek által adminisztrált felmérések keretein belül való feldolgozására. A legtöbb esetben az RN SSI nem szponzora a felmérésnek és a felmérés eszközének, és a felmérés eredményeit, illetve adatait a felmérés szponzora ellenőrzi. A szponzor adatvédelmi gyakorlatára vonatkozó további információért, kérjük, tekintse meg a vonatkozó szponzor adatvédelmi irányelvét.
A regisztrációra, a használatot beleértve, valamint a Szolgáltatáshoz való hozzáférésre jelen Adatvédelmi irányelv és a Felhasználási feltételeink érvényesek.
1. A személyes adatok, melyeket gyűjthetünk Önnel kapcsolatosan
Az alábbiakban ismertetett módokon gyűjtjük a Személyes adatokat. Jelen Adatvédelmi irányzat értelmében a „Személyes adatok” egy beazonosított vagy beazonosítható személyhez tartozó információk. Amely esetben szükséges, feltüntetjük, hogy meg kell-e adnia, és ha igen, miért kell megadnia személyes adatait, valamint annak következményeit is, ha Ön elmulasztja ezen adatok megadását. Ha Ön kérésünk ellenére nem adja meg Személyes adatait, lehet, hogy nem tudja majd használni a Szolgáltatást, ha az Öntől kért adatok szükségesek a Szolgáltatás nyújtásához, vagy ha a törvények értelmében gyűjtenünk kell azokat.
49. Az Ön által megadott Személyes adatok
Fiók regisztrációjakor arra kérjük Önt, hogy adjon meg bizonyos Személyes adatokat a weboldalon vagy a mobilalkalmazáson keresztül, beleértve az Ön nevét, e-mail-címét, telefonszámát, születési dátumát, foglalkozását, beosztását és nemét.
Ezenkívül abban az esetben is gyűjtjük az Ön Személyes adatait, ha Ön részt vesz egy felmérésben egy panellel, illetve a jutalmak és ösztönzők átvételével, valamint beváltásával összefüggésben. Ezen adatok tartalmaznak egy egyedi részvételi/válaszadói azonosítószámot, amelyet a fiók regisztrációjakor és a felmérésben feltett kérdésekre való válaszadáskor rendelünk Önhöz. Ebben az összefüggésben Ön dönthet úgy, hogy megadja érzékeny Személyes adatait, így például olyan Személyes adatokat, amelyek közlik vagy felfedik az Ön egészségügyi állapotát, szexuális irányultságát vagy szexuális életét, politikai nézetét/véleményét, faji/etnikai hovatartozását, vallási és filozófiai nézetét, valamint szakszervezeti tagságát. Amely esetben azt a törvény megkívánja, az Ön kifejezett hozzájárulását kérjük érzékeny Személyes adatainak feldolgozásához. Az Szolgáltatás használata során az Ön által beküldött, feltöltött, illetve továbbított tartalmakat, így például a fényképeket és videókat is gyűjthetjük.
50. Tartózkodási helyadatok
Az Ön tartózkodási helyadatait az Ön hozzájárulásával a fenti célokra használjuk fel. Amennyiben a továbbiakban nem szeretné velünk megosztani földrajzi tartózkodási helyét, kérjük, módosítsa eszközének adatvédelmi beállításait. Ahol azt a törvény megkívánja, kifejezett hozzájárulását kérjük az Ön tartózkodási helyével kapcsolatos adatok harmadik felekkel való megosztásához.
51. Közösségi fiókok
Felkínálhatják Önnek a Szolgáltatásokhoz való hozzáférést külső fél közösségi média platformján keresztül is. Ha Ön úgy dönt, hogy ezzel a módszerrel szeretne hozzáférni a Szolgáltatásokhoz, begyűjthetjük a közösségi profiljában tárolt bizonyos adatait, így például az Ön nevét, nemét és e-mail-címét.
52. Az automatikusa módokon keresztül begyűjtött Személyes adatok
A Szolgáltatás használata során bizonyos információkat begyűjthetünk automatikusan is, így például sütiken vagy hasonló technológiákon keresztül. A sütik olyan kisméretű fájlok, amelyek bizonyos adatokat tárolnak egy eszközön. A sütik létrehoznak egy egyedi azonosítót, amely hozzá van rendelve az Ön böngészőjéhez. A munkamenet-sütik lejárnak, ha Ön bezárja böngészőjét, míg az állandó sütik megmaradnak az Ön készülékén, amíg Ön nem törli azokat vagy elérkezik végső lejárati idejük.
A sütiken és hasonló technológiákon keresztül gyűjtött adatok az Ön készülékéről és annak tulajdonságairól is tartalmazhatnak adatokat, ilyen információ lehet például az eszköz típusa és operációs rendszere, az Ön készülékén megtalálható egyéb alkalmazások, a hálózati és internetszolgáltató, az időzóna, a hálózati állapot, a böngésző típusa, a hivatkozó/meglévő oldalak, az operációs rendszer, a dátum-/időbélyeg, a kattintási adatfolyam és az olyan egyedi azonosítószámok, mint az Ön eszközének IP-címe, az eszköz egyedi azonosítószáma, a Media Access Control (MAC) cím, illetve a böngészőazonosító. A fenti adatok gyűjtéséhez digitális ujjlenyomatot és vízjelezési technológiákat is használhatunk.
Az Ön eszközén elérhető bizonyos alkalmazásokból és funkcionalitásból is gyűjthetünk adatokat, ha Ön engedélyezi számunkra az ezekhez való hozzáférést. Ezek az információk tartalmazzák a telepített alkalmazások számát és típusát, a push értesítéseket, a kamerát, a mikrofont, a képkönyvtárhoz való hozzáférést, a fájltárolási hozzáférést.
Ezeket az információkat a Szolgáltatás fejlesztésére használjuk, amely során kielemezzük, hogy hány felhasználó fér hozzá vagy használja a Szolgáltatást, mely tartalmak, termékek, illetve a Szolgáltatásunk mely funkciói érdeklik a legjobban a felhasználókat, milyen fajta ajánlatokat szeretnének látni az ügyfeleink és hogyan teljesít a Szolgáltatásunk technikai szempontból.
Néhány esetben automatikusan gyűjtött információt is használhatunk további információkkal együtt, felhasználók (vagy háztartások) különböző platformokon és készülékeken keresztül való felismerésére. Ezek lehetnek okostelefonok, számítógépek, táblagépek vagy böngészők, a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvben meghatározott célokkal. A digitális ujjlenyomaton és vízjelezési technológiákon keresztül gyűjtött adatokat minőségellenőrzési, hitelesítési, csalás-felderítési, valamint megelőzési folyamatokban is felhasználhatjuk.
Az általunk használt sütik fajtáival, valamint a sütiken keresztül gyűjtött adatok céljaival kapcsolatos további információért, kérjük, tekintse meg Sütihozzájárulási eszközünket.
53. A Személyes adatok feldolgozása az ügyfelek hirdetéseivel kapcsolatos felmérésekre vonatkozóan
Ha olyan felmérésekben való részvételre használja a Szolgáltatást, amelyek olyan konkrét hirdetésekről és promóciókról szólnak, amelyeket az RN SSI vállalati ügyfelei számára tesztel, több helyen is láthatja ezeket a hirdetéseket, illetve promóciókat, beleértve a nem RN SSI mobilalkalmazásokat is (pl. játékalkalmazás). Amint megtekintette a vonatkozó hirdetéseket és promóciókat, az RN SSI hozzáférést biztosít Önnek vagy felveszi Önnel a kapcsolatot, hogy kitöltsön ezekkel a kérdőívekkel, illetve promóciókkal kapcsolatban egy kérdőívet és/vagy megadhat bizonyos demográfiai adatokat Önről a hirdetőnek, illetve a hirdető ügynökének azon személyek demográfiai profiljaival kapcsolatban, akik megtekintették a hirdetést.
A reklámokról vagy promócióról szóló felmérések kitöltésének elősegítésére az RN SSI reklámcégekkel lépett kapcsolatba, amelyek többek között más mobilalkalmazásokon keresztül biztosítják, mérik és bonyolítják a hirdetéseket. Az Alkalmazás/Szolgáltatások a hirdetési hálózatokat egyedi azonosítóval, az Ön egyedi eszközazonosítójával és egyéb más automatikus módokon gyűjtött adatokkal biztosítja. Ezután, ha olyan mobil alkalmazást használ, amelyik partneri kapcsolatban áll valamelyik hirdetési vállalattal, a hirdetési vállalat felhasználhatja az Ön egyedi készülék azonosítóját vagy más automatikusan összegyűjtött információt a készülékének a felismeréséhez. A hirdető vállalat ezután megmutathatja Önnek azt a hirdetést vagy promóciót, amelyet az RN SSI az ügyfelének méri. A társított készülékre hirdetés vagy promóció érkezett, ami lehető teszi az SSI-nek, hogy hozzáférést biztosítson Önnek vagy kapcsolatba lépjen Önnel a hirdetésre vagy promócióra vonatkozó felmérés kitöltése érdekében a hírdetésre vagy promócióra vonatkozó felmérés kitöltése érdekében.
54. Harmadik felek által biztosított Személyes adatok
Gyűjthetünk Személyes adatokat, magatartási és/vagy demográfiai információkat harmadik felektől, így például adatkezelési platformoktól, hirdetési hálózatoktól, információszolgáltató irodáktól és mintabeszállítóktól. Az adatgyűjtés során többek között olyan adatokat gyűjthetünk, mint például életkor, nem, földrajz, tartózkodási hely, gyermekek, mobil hirdetési azonosítók, vásárlási előzmények, hirdetési kitettségek, hasonmás szegmensek.
2. Az Ön Személyes adatainak használata
Az Öntől, illetve Önről begyűjtött Személyes adatokat különféle célokra használhatjuk fel, többek között:
• Hogy lehetőséget biztosítsunk Önnek kutatási tevékenységekben való részvételre, beleértve egy panelhez való csatlakozást, az RN SSI vagy harmadik felek (akár paneltagként, akár nem paneltagként) által adminisztrált felmérésekben való részvételt, illetve a panelekkel vagy felmérésekkel kapcsolatos weboldalak és mobilalkalmazások használatát.
• Az RN SSI jutalmak, ösztönző programok és egyéb promóciók adminisztrálásához, kezeléséhez, teljesítéséhez, belépési kérelmezéséhez, beleértve a paneltagsággal és/vagy felmérések kitöltésével kapcsolatban kínált sorsolásokat.
• Az RN SSSI által tulajdonolt paneltagságra vonatkozó kommunikációhoz, illetve egy felmérésben való részvétellel, valamint személyre szabott lehetőségekkel kapcsolatos értesítések küldéséhez.
• A hirdetések Szolgáltatáson kívüli megjelenítéséhez az emlékeztető felmérések kitöltésének elősegítéséhez.
• Az Ön kritériumainak, így például érdeklődési körének vagy tartózkodási helyének megfelelő Szolgáltatások és hirdetések biztosításához, valamint marketing ismeretek, egyéni és/vagy összesített profiladatokon alapuló közönség/hasonmás modellek és/vagy összesített profiladatok és szegmensközönségek fejlesztésének engedélyezéséhez az RN SSI és harmadik felek számára. Így például készíthetünk marketing és hirdetési kampányokat olyan célszemélyek számára, akiknek Önhöz hasonló közösségi és demográfiai profiljuk van.
• Az online hirdetések és a weboldalközönség-mérés hatékonyságának kiértékeléséhez, valamint weboldalak, online hirdetések és egyéb internetes és digitális médiajellemzők, funkcionalitás és kampányok létrehozásának, kidolgozásának és bevezetésének elősegítéséhez.
• Személyre szabott marketing kommunikációk küldéséhez az RN SSI, valamint harmadik felek termékeiről és szolgáltatásairól.
• Az RN SSI nyilvántartásainak aktualizálásához, adatelemzések biztosításához az RN SSI és ügyfeleink számára.
• Jobb felmérési élmény biztosításához, többek között minőségellenőrzéshez, hitelesítéshez, a kitöltött felmérések, illetve más elvégzett műveletek nyomon követéséhez.
• A biztonság és védelem biztosításához, valamint a csalás felfedéséhez és megelőzéséhez.
• Törvényi kötelezettségeinknek való megfeleléshez, beleértve, de nem kizárólagosan az adóügyi kötelezettségekre, illetve jógaink érvényesítéséhez, illetve megóvásához.
• Kivéve, ha jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvnek megfelelően vagy Ön által máshogy kerül engedélyezésre.
Ha Ön az Európai Gazdasági Térségben tartózkodik, az Ön személyes adatait abban az esetben gyűjthetjük, ha:
• Ön hozzájárul Személyes adatainak használatához. Így például, hozzájárulását kérhetjük a sütik, illetve hasonló technológiák használatához, marketingkommunikációk küldéséhez vagy az érzékeny adatoknak minősülő Személyes adatok feldolgozásához a vonatkozó törvényeknek megfelelően.
• Szükséges termékeket vagy szolgáltatásokat biztosítanunk Önnek vagy válaszolnunk kell megkeresésire.
• A vonatkozó törvények kérnek vagy feljogosítanak minket az Ön Személyes adatainak használatára.
• Nekünk vagy harmadik félnek jogos érdekünk van az Ön Személyes adatainak használatában, így például ha gondoskodnunk kell a termékeink és szolgáltatásaink biztonságának, védelmének és teljesítményének fejlesztéséről, névtelenítenünk kell a Személyes adatokat és adatelemzéseket kell végrehajtanunk.
4. Az Ön Személyes adatainak megosztása
Az Önről gyűjtött adatokat az alábbiakban leírt, illetve olyan más módokon is közzétehetjük, amelyekről az adatok begyűjtésének időpontjában tájékoztatjuk Önt:
• Anyacégünk, leányvállalatunk és partnereink a jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvben leírt célokra.
• Szolgáltatóink, akik a nevünkben biztosítják a szolgáltatásokat és feldolgozzák a Személyes adatokat. Szolgáltatóink lehetnek felhőalapú tárhelyet biztosító szolgáltatók, csalás elleni eszközöket biztosító szolgáltatók, felmérési adatokat gyűjtő platformok. A Személyes adatokat az utasításainknak megfelelően és a nevünkben eljáró adatkereskedőkkel és adatösszesítőkkel is megoszthatjuk a közönség-betekintések és/vagy hasonmásmodellek, elemzések és marketingintelligencia fejlesztéséhez szükséges adatbázis bővítése érdekében. Ezen szolgáltatókat megállapodás keretein belül kérjük meg a Személyes adatok kizárólag az utasításainknak megfelelő, valamint a nevünkben a szolgáltatásokhoz, illetve a törvényi előírásoknak való megfeleléshez szükséges feldolgozására. Ezenkívül a nevükben feldolgozott Személyes adatok biztonságát és bizalmasságát védő óvintézkedések létrehozására is megkérjük őket.
• Azon programpartnerek, akik megkérték Önt, hogy csatlakozzon a Szolgáltatáshoz és akiken keresztül Ön belépett.
• Ügyfeleink piackutatással kapcsolatos célokra (beleértve a modellek létrehozását és hitelesítését, a csalás-felderítést és -megelőzést, az adatpiaci szegmentációt és adatbázis-megfeleltetést, valamint a jutalmak, ösztönzők, illetve nyeremények beváltását, teljesítését és/vagy a részvételt), hogy létrehozhassanak marketingkampányokat, közönség-betekintéseket, hasonmás modelleket és/vagy harmadik felek termékeit/szolgáltatásait értékesítsék Önnek, valamint az ismétlő felmérések vagy kommunikációk válaszadóinak beazonosítására.
• Ügyfeleink vagy az ő ügyfeleik, ha úgy véljük, hogy Ön megsértette vagy megsértheti egy harmadik fél szellemi tulajdonjogát vagy Szolgáltatási feltételeinket. http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Harmadik féllel vállalatunk, eszközeink vagy részvényeink (többek között csőddel vagy hasonló eljárással kapcsolatban) egészének vagy egy részének újraszervezésével, összevonásával, értékesítésével, közös vállalkozásával, megbízásával, továbbításával vagy más tevékenységével.
• Ha jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvtől eltérően van engedélyezve vagy (i) ha törvény, illetve jogi eljárás kötelez minket a Személyes adatok közzétételére, (ii) ha választ kell adnunk egy bíróság, bűnüldöző hatóság vagy kormányzati tisztviselő megkeresésére vagy (iii) ha úgy véljük, az adatok közzétételére szükség van vagy az megfelelő fizikai sérülés, illetve pénzügyi veszteség elkerüléséhez vagy az adatok közzétételére szükség van egy vélt, illetve valós csalás vagy illegális tevékenység miatt.
Engedélyt adhatunk ügyfeleinknek arra, hogy közvetlenül gyűjtsenek Öntől Személyes adatokat. Ön szabadon megadhatja nekik Személyes adatait. Ilyen esetben írásos megállapodást kötünk ügyfeleinkkel többek között a Személyes adatok felhasználásának korlátozásával kapcsolatban.
4. Az Ön jogai és választási lehetőségei
A vonatkozó törvényeknek megfelelően Önnek joga van:
• Elállni Személyes adatainak bizonyos célú gyűjtésétől és használatától a Szolgáltatás biztosítása során. További információért, kérjük, jelentkezzen be fiókjába és módosítsa beállításait.
• Elállni azon adatok begyűjtésétől és használatától, amelyeket automatikus módokon gyűjtünk Önről. Bizonyos joghatóságokban a Sütihozzájárulási eszközön keresztül Ön élhet a sütik és más hasonló technológiák kiválasztásának jógával . Böngészőjében megtalálja, hogyan kaphat értesítést és hogyan állhat el az eszközén megtalálható bizonyos típusú sütik használatától. Tájékoztatjuk, hogy bizonyos sütik nélkül, nem fogja tudni használni weboldalaink, alkalmazásaink, illetve online szolgáltatásaink összes funkcióját.
• Kérjen hozzáférést és tájékoztatást az általunk Önről rendelkezésre álló Személyes adatokról azok aktualizálásához és a pontatlanságok javításához, a Személyes adatok feldolgozásának megtiltásához, illetve kifogásolásához, szükség esetén az adatok névtelenítéséhez vagy törléséhez, valamint az adatok hordozhatóságára vonatkozó jog gyakorlásához az adatok egyszerű átvitele érdekében egy vállalattól egy másikhoz. Továbbá Ön panasztételi joggal is rendelkezik, amelyet a felülvizsgáló hatósághoz nyújthat be, többek között a lakóhely szerinti országában, a munkahelyén, illetve az incidens helyszínén.
• Bármikor, díjmentesen visszavonhatja a Személyes adatok feldolgozására vonatkozóan adott bármely hozzájárulását. Ezt követően az Ön preferenciáit alkalmazzuk, és ez nem fogja befolyásolni a feldolgozás törvényességét a hozzájárulás visszavonása előtti időszakban.
A helyi törvényi előírások bizonyos körülmények között korlátozhatják ezeket a jogokat.
Leállíthatja a Személyes adatok és egyéb információk gyűjtését, ha eltávolítja a Szolgáltatásokat vagy beszünteti részvételét a panelekben. Használhatja a mobilkészüléke részeként, a mobilalkalmazás piacterén vagy a hálózatban rendelkezésre álló általános eltávolítási folyamatot, vagy törölheti résztvevői fiókját a panel oldalon. Tájékoztatjuk, ha törli a mobilalkalmazást, de megtartja profilját valamelyik weboldalunkon, mi továbbra is gyűjthetünk az Ön Személyes vagy más adatait weboldalainkon keresztül. A mobilalkalmazás eltávolítása nem törli a Szolgáltatások eltávolítása előtt az általunk összegyűjtött összes információt. Az általunk összegyűjtött összes információ törléséhez, kérjük, lépjen kapcsolatba vállalatunkkal az alábbiak szerint:
Ha szeretne élni a fentiekben leírt jogaival vagy szeretné megszüntetni fiókját, kérjük, lépjen velünk kapcsolatba a „Kapcsolatfelvétel” részben alább.
5. Adatbiztonság és adatmegőrzés
A Személyes adatok törléséért, illetve olyan formában való megőrzéséért is teszünk intézkedéseket, hogy azokat ne lehessen beazonosítani, ha már nincs rájuk szükség azon célokból, amelyekből feldolgoztuk őket, kivéve, ha a törvény az adatok hosszabb ideig való megőrzésére kötelez minket. A megőrzés időszakának meghatározásakor különböző kritériumokat veszünk figyelembe, így például az Ön által kérelmezett, illetve az Önnek biztosított termékek és szolgáltatások típusát, az Önnel való kapcsolatunk természetét és hosszát, a termékeink, illetve szolgáltatásaink lehetséges újraigénylését, az általunk Önnek biztosított szolgáltatások hatását, ha törlünk bizonyos adatokat Öntől, illetve Önről, a törvényileg meghatározott kötelező megőrzési időszakot, illetve az elévüléseket.
6. Adattovábbítás
Átadhatjuk Személyes adatait az Ön tartózkodási országától eltérő más országokban lévő címzettek számára, beleértve az Amerikai Egyesült Államokat, ahol az anyacég, a Research Now és a Survey Sampling International központja található. Ezen országokban lehetséges, hogy nem ugyanazok az adatvédelmi törvények érvényesek, mint amelyben Ön először megadta adatait. Ha továbbítjuk Személyes adatait más országokba, jelen Adatvédelmi szabályzat szerint vagy az adatok begyűjtésekor megadott módon óvjuk az Ön adatait.
Ha Ön az Európai Gazdasági Társégben vagy Svájcban tartózkodik, a Személyes adatok harmadik országok felé való továbbítása során betartjuk a megfelelő óvintézkedések biztosítására vonatkozó jogi előírásokat.
7. „Ne kövessen” opció
A Ne kövessen („Do not track, DNT”) opció a böngészőjében található beállítási lehetőség, amivel értesítheti a meglátogatott weboldalakat, hogy nem szeretné, hogy azok bizonyos információkat gyűjtsenek Önről. Az RN SSI nem válaszol a DNT jelekre. Ha Ön ellenzi az RN SSI DNT jelekre vonatkozó gyakorlatát, kimaradhat az SSI szolgáltatásokban való részvételből és azok használatából az alábbiak szerint.
Az RN SSI online hirdetés hatékonysági programmal kapcsolatban az RN SSI engedélyezi az RN SSI alvállalkozóknak, partnereknek és/vagy ügyfeleknek, hogy külső fél technológiáit ejtsék, beállítsák és/vagy írják a közönség mérés és hirdetés visszahívás felmérési tevékenységek előmozdításának céljából. Az RN SSI nem felelős a külső feleknek a DNT jelekre vonatkozó megfeleléséért vagy az arra adott válaszokért.
8. Nem gyűjtjük gyermekek adatait
A Szolgáltatás nem ajánlott és nem tizenhat (16) éven aluli gyermekek számára készült. Tudatosan nem gyűjtünk információt tizennyolc (16) év alatti gyermekekről, és ha tudomásunkra jut, hogy akaratlanul tizenhat (16) év alatti gyermek személyes adatait gyűjtöttük össze, megteszünk minden ésszerű lépést annak érdekében, hogy töröljük ezeket a személyes adatokat.
9. Jelen Adatvédelmi irányelv aktualizálása
Jelen Globális adatvédelmi irányelv időszakosan módosítható, a Személyes adatvédelmi gyakorlatainkkal kapcsolatos módosítások dokumentumba foglalása miatt. A Globális adatvédelmi irányelv jelentős módosításaival kapcsolatban jól látható értesítést teszünk hozzá a vonatkozó weboldalakon, valamint megadjuk, mikor került az Irányelv legutoljára aktualizálásra. Bizonyos esetekben a Globális adatvédelmi irányelv aktualizálásakor lehet, hogy kérni fogjuk az Ön hozzájárulását.
10. Kapcsolatfelvétel
Amennyiben kérdése vagy megjegyzése van adatvédelmi gyakorlatainkkal vagy jelen Adatvédelmi irányelvvel kapcsolatban, esetleg szeretne elállni Személyes adatainak bizonyos célú használatától, szeretne élni az Önről tárolt Személyes adatokkal kapcsolatos jogaival vagy szeretne panaszt adatvédelmi gyakorlatainkra vonatkozóan, kérjük, vegye fel a kapcsolatot a Research Now Limiteddel vagy a Survey Sampling International LLC-vel az alábbiakban megadott módokon.
• Research Now Limited: írjon nekünk a privacy@surveysampling.com e-mail-címre vagy a 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, Egyesült Királyság EC4V 4BF címre, Figyelem: Adatvédelmi ügyintéző:
• Survey Sampling International LLC: írjon nekünk a privacy@surveysampling.com e-mail-címre vagy a 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 United States címre.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Politica sulla Privacy
Prima data di entrata in vigore:  2010-01-01
La presente versione: In vigore  2018-05-19
La Politica sulla privacy definisce le modalità di Research Now Limited e Survey Sampling International LLC e delle loro società capogruppo, consociate affiliate (collettivamente “RN SSI”,“Noi” “ci” o “nostre”) di elaborazione dei Dati personali nel contesto delle communities di panel online, sondaggi, programmi relativi a premi, siti Web e applicazioni mobili (collettivamente il “Servizio”). In particolare, essa definisce le tipologie di Dati personali che raccogliamo in relazione al Servizio, gli scopi per i quali raccogliamo tali Dati personali, i terzi con i quali possiamo condividerli e le misure che adottiamo a tutela della sicurezza dei dati. La Politica inoltre fornisce informazioni relative ai propri diritti e scelte in merito ai propri Dati personali, e relative alle modalità per contattarci al fine di aggiornare le informazioni di contatto o porre domande inerenti alle nostre pratiche sulla privacy.
La presente Politica sulla privacy non si applica al trattamento dei propri Dati personali nell’ambito di sondaggi gestiti da terzi. In tali casi, RN SSI non costituisce lo sponsor o lo strumento del sondaggio e i risultati o i dati del sondaggio sono e resteranno sotto il controllo dello sponsor del sondaggio. Si prega di fare riferimento alla Politica sulla privacy del relativo sponsor per maggiori informazioni circa le pratiche sulla privacy di tale sponsor.
La registrazione, l’utilizzo e l’accesso ai Servizi sono soggetti alla presente Politica sulla privacy nonché ai nostri Termini e condizioni.
1. Dati personali dell’utente che possono essere raccolti
Raccogliamo Dati personali in varie modalità di seguito descritte.  Ai fini della presente Politica sulla privacy, per “Dati personali” si intende qualsivoglia informazione relativa a un individuo identificato o identificabile. Laddove applicabile, indichiamo ove e perché sia necessario fornire i propri Dati personali, nonché le conseguenze derivanti da un ipotetico rifiuto nel fornire tal dati. Qualora i propri Dati personali non venissero forniti quando richiesto, l’utente può non beneficiare del Servizio nel caso in cui tali informazioni risultassero necessarie per poter erogare tale Servizio o qualora fossimo legalmente obbligati a raccogliere i dati.
a. Dati personali forniti dall’utente
Richiediamo all’utente di fornire alcuni Dati personali al momento della registrazione per un account attraverso i nostri siti web o applicazioni mobili, inclusi il proprio nome, indirizzo, indirizzo email, numero di telefono, data di nascita, occupazione, istruzione e sesso.
Inoltre, raccogliamo i Dati personali che l’utente fornisce nell’ambito di un panel, quando partecipa a un sondaggio o in relazione alla ricezione e al riscatto di premi e incentivi. Tali informazioni includono un numero di identificazione univoco del membro del panel/partecipante che assegniamo al momento della registrazione per un account e le risposte fornite al momento del completamento del sondaggio. Nel presente contesto, è possibile scegliere di fornire i propri Dati personali sensibili, quali Dati personali che dichiarano o rivelano condizioni mediche e di salute, orientamento o attività sessuale, opinioni/punti di vista politici, origine etnica, fede religiosa e orientamento filosofico e appartenenza a sindacati. Dove richiesto dalla legge, otteniamo il consenso esplicito al trattamento dei Dati personali sensibili. Possiamo anche raccogliere contenuti che l’utente invia, carica o trasmette quando utilizza il Servizio, quali foto e video.
b. Dati di localizzazione
Possiamo richiedere il permesso dell’utente al fine di ottenere informazioni relative alla posizione dal dispositivo mobile. Possiamo utilizzare le informazioni relative alla posizione per offrire all’utente la partecipazione a sondaggi e ricerche di mercato basati sulla posizione o per condividere tali dati di localizzazione con clienti terzi per dimostrare determinati pattern di traffico di posizione dei partecipanti, compreso, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, il comportamento di acquisto basato sui luoghi visitati.
Raccogliamo, previo consenso, le informazioni relative alla posizione per le finalità sopra indicate. Qualora non si desiderasse più condividere con noi le informazioni relative alla propria posizione geografica, sarà necessario modificare le impostazioni sulla privacy sul proprio dispositivo.  Laddove richiesto dalla legge, otteniamo l’esplicito consenso a condividere le informazioni relative alla propria posizione con terzi.
c. Account sui social media
All’utente può venire offerta la possibilità di accedere ai Servizi attraverso piattaforme di social media di terzi. Qualora si scegliesse di accedere ai Servizi in questo modo, potremmo raccogliere determinate informazioni sul profilo memorizzate nel proprio account della piattaforma social media, quali nome, sesso e indirizzo email.
d. Dati personali ottenuti tramite mezzi automatizzati
Quando si utilizza il Servizio, possiamo raccogliere determinate informazioni tramite mezzi automatizzati, quali cookie e tecnologie analoghe. I cookie sono file di piccole dimensioni in cui vengono archiviati determinati dati su un dispositivo. I cookie creano un ID univoco associato al proprio browser. I cookie di sessione scadono quando il browser viene chiuso, mentre i cookie persistenti rimangono sul proprio dispositivo fino al raggiungimento di una data di scadenza prefissata.
Le informazioni che raccogliamo tramite cookie e tecnologie analoghe possono includere informazioni relative al proprio dispositivo e alle sue capacità, tra cui il tipo di dispositivo e il sistema operativo, altre applicazioni sul dispositivo, provider di servizi internet e di rete, fuso orario, stato della rete, tipo di browser, pagine di rinvio/uscita, sistema operativo, data/marca temporale, dati click stream e numeri di identificazione univoci quali l’indirizzo IP del dispositivo, il numero di identificazione univoco del dispositivo, indirizzo Media Access Control (MAC) o l’identificativo del browser. Possiamo anche utilizzare le tecnologie di digital fingerprinting e watermarking per raccogliere le informazioni di cui sopra.
Possiamo anche raccogliere informazioni da determinate applicazioni e funzionalità disponibili sul proprio dispositivo qualora si consentisse l’accesso ad esse. Tali informazioni includono il numero e il tipo di applicazioni installate, le notifiche push, la fotocamera, il microfono, l’accesso alla libreria delle foto, l’accesso all’archiviazione di file,
Utilizziamo queste informazioni al fine di migliorare il Servizio valutando il numero di utenti che accedono o utilizzano il Servizio, quali contenuti, prodotti e funzionalità del nostro Servizio interessano maggiormente i nostri visitatori, quali sono le tipologie di offerte che i nostri clienti desiderano e la qualità di prestazione del nostro Servizio da un punto di vista tecnico.
In alcuni casi, possiamo utilizzare le informazioni raccolte attraverso mezzi automatizzati, unitamente ad altre informazioni, per riconoscere gli utenti (o nuclei familiari) su varie piattaforme o dispositivi, quali smartphone, computer, tablet o browser correlati, per le finalità descritte nella presente Politica sulla privacy. Le informazioni raccolte tramite tecnologie di digital fingerprinting e watermarking possono anche essere utilizzate per scopi di controllo qualità, validazione e per la rilevazione e la prevenzione di frodi.
Per ulteriori informazioni relative ai tipi di cookie che utilizziamo, gli scopi per i quali utilizziamo le informazioni raccolte tramite i cookie, consultare il nostro Strumento di consenso all’uso dei cookie.
e. Dati personali che elaboriamo in relazione a sondaggi relativi alla pubblicità dei clienti
Quando si utilizza il Servizio al fine di partecipare a specifici sondaggi relativi ad annunci e promozioni che RN SSI sottopone a test per i suoi clienti, è possibile visualizzare tali annunci o promozioni in diverse sedi, tra cui applicazioni mobili non RN SSI (ad es. applicazioni di giochi).  Una volta che l’utente è stato esposto ai relativi annunci e promozioni, RN SSI gli fornirà l’accesso o lo contatterà per completare un sondaggio circa tali annunci o promozioni e/o potrà fornire determinati dati demografici a lui relativi all’inserzionista o all’ agente dell’inserzionista riguardanti i profili demografici delle persone che hanno visualizzato l’annuncio.
Per agevolare il completamento di tali sondaggi su annunci o promozioni, RN SSI si avvale della collaborazione di società pubblicitarie che forniscono, misurano o agevolano annunci pubblicitari, su altre applicazioni mobili. Le Applicazioni/Servizi forniscono reti pubblicitarie con l’UID, il proprio identificativo univoco del dispositivo e altre informazioni raccolte tramite mezzi automatizzati.  Quando si utilizza un’applicazione mobile che collabora con una delle società pubblicitarie, queste ultime possono utilizzare l’identificativo univoco del dispositivo dell’utente o altre informazioni raccolte automaticamente per riconoscere il dispositivo. La società pubblicitaria potrà quindi mostrare all’utente un annuncio o promozione che RN SSI sta valutando per uno dei propri clienti. La società pubblicitaria potrà quindi comunicare a RN SSI che il dispositivo associato all’UID dell’utente ha ricevuto l’annuncio o la promozione e ciò permetterà a RN SSI di dare accesso all’utente, o chiedergli di completare, un sondaggio relativo all’annuncio o promozione.
f. Dati personali forniti da terzi
Possiamo ottenere Dati personali, informazioni di carattere comportamentale e/o demografico da terzi, come piattaforme per la gestione dei dati, reti pubblicitarie, uffici di servizi informativi e fornitori di campioni. Questa raccolta può includere, a titolo esemplificativo ma non esaustivo, età, sesso, area geografica, localizzazione, presenza di bambini, ID di annunci per dispositivi mobili, cronologia acquisti, esposizioni pubblicitarie, segmenti look-alike.
2. In che modo possiamo utilizzare i Dati personali dell’utente
Possiamo utilizzare i Dati personali ottenuti da o relativi all’utente per una varietà di scopi, tra cui:
· Offrire l’opportunità di partecipare alle attività di ricerca, come far parte di un panel, partecipare a sondaggi gestiti da RN SSI o da terzi (in qualità di membri del panel o meno), o utilizzare siti web e applicazioni mobili associati a panel o sondaggi.
· Amministrare, gestire, soddisfare, facilitare l’ingresso e comunicare i premi di RN SSI, i programmi di incentivi e altre promozioni, incluse le partecipazioni a concorsi a premi legate all’appartenenza al panel e/o alla compilazione di sondaggi.
· Comunicare con l’utente in merito all’iscrizione ad un panel di proprietà di RN SSI, o inviare notifiche relative alla partecipazione a sondaggi e alle opportunità di sondaggi personalizzati.
· Organizzare la visualizzazione di annunci pubblicitari all’esterno del Servizio allo scopo di facilitare il completamento dei sondaggi di richiamo.
· Fornire Servizi e annunci pubblicitari personalizzati in base a criteri quali interessi o informazioni relative alla localizzazione, consentire a RN SSI e terzi di sviluppare indicazioni di marketing, modelli audience/look-alike basati su dati di profilo individuali e/o aggregati e segmentare l’audience. Ad esempio, possiamo sviluppare campagne di marketing e pubblicitarie che vogliono raggiungere individui che possiedono profili sociali e demografici simili a quelli dell’utente.
· Valutare l’efficacia della pubblicità online e la misurazione dell’audience del sito web, assistere alla creazione, allo sviluppo e all’integrazione di siti web, annunci pubblicitari online e altre funzioni mediatiche, funzionalità e campagne digitali e di Internet.
· Inviare comunicazioni pubblicitarie personalizzate relative a RN SSI e prodotti e servizi di terzi.
· Aggiornare i registri di RN SSI, eseguire analisi dei dati per scopi di RN SSI o per i nostri clienti.
· Migliorare l’esperienza di sondaggio, incluso il controllo di qualità, la validazione, il monitoraggio dei sondaggi completati o altre azioni completate
· Garantire la sicurezza e la protezione e rilevare e prevenire le frodi
· Adempiere ai nostri obblighi legali, inclusi, ma non in senso restrittivo, obblighi fiscali, o altrimenti far valere o proteggere i nostri diritti.
· Come altrimenti consentito ai sensi della presente Politica sulla Privacy o autorizzato dall’utente
Qualora l’utente sia ubicato nello Spazio economico europeo, possiamo raccogliere e utilizzare i suoi Dati personali laddove:
· Abbia acconsentito all’utilizzo dei propri Dati personali. Ad esempio, possiamo cercare di ottenere il consenso dell’utente per i nostri utilizzi di cookie o tecnologie analoghe, al fine di inviare comunicazioni pubblicitarie o per elaborare Dati personali ritenuti sensibili ai sensi della legge applicabile.
· Necessario fornire all’utente prodotti e servizi o rispondere alle sue richieste.
· Siamo tenuti o autorizzati dalla legge applicabile a utilizzare Dati personali dell’utente.
· Noi, o un terzo, abbiamo un legittimo interesse nell’utilizzare i Dati personali dell’utente, ad esempio per garantire e migliorare la sicurezza e le prestazioni dei nostri prodotti e servizi, per rendere anonimi i Dati personali ed effettuare analisi dei dati.
4. Come condividere i Dati personali dell’utente
Possiamo divulgare i Dati personali che raccogliamo in merito all’utente nelle guise descritte di seguito o altrimenti divulgate al momento della raccolta dei dati, tra cui:
· La nostra controllante, controllate e affiliate ai fini descritti nella presente Politica sulla privacy.
· I nostri fornitori di servizi che eseguono servizi e elaborano Dati personali per nostro conto. Esempi di nostri fornitori di servizi includono i nostri fornitori di cloud storage, i fornitori di strumenti anti-frode, la piattaforma di raccolta dei dati dell’indagine. Possiamo anche condividere Dati personali con intermediari di dati e aggregatori di dati che agiscono secondo le nostre istruzioni e per nostro conto per arricchire il nostro database per lo sviluppo di informazioni sul pubblico e/o look-alike modelling, analitica e marketing intelligence. Richiediamo contrattualmente a questi fornitori di servizi di trattare i Dati personali solo in conformità con le nostre istruzioni e, qualora necessario, per eseguire servizi per nostro conto o in conformità con i requisiti legali. Richiediamo loro inoltre che siano previste tutele mirate a proteggere la sicurezza e la riservatezza dei Dati personali che trattano per nostro conto.
· I partner del programma che hanno invitato l’utente a far parte del Servizio e tramite il quale quest’ultimo si sia iscritto.
· I nostri clienti per scopi di ricerca di mercato (inclusa la creazione e la convalida di modelli, rilevamento e prevenzione di frodi, segmentazione del mercato dei dati e matching di database e premi, incentivi, o riscatto, adempimento e/o ingresso di concorsi a premi), per consentire loro di sviluppare campagne di marketing, audience insight, look-alike modelling e/o pubblicizzare all’utente e/o al fine di commercializzare prodotti/servizi di terzi e allo scopo di individuare partecipanti idonei a sondaggi o comunicazioni.
• Il nostro cliente o i suoi clienti, qualora dovessimo ritenere che l’utente abbia o possa avere violato i diritti di proprietà intellettuale di un terzo o i nostri Termini di servizio http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
· Con una terza parte in relazione a qualsivoglia riorganizzazione, fusione, vendita, joint venture, cessione, trasferimento o altra disposizione di tutte o parte delle nostre attività, beni o azioni (anche in relazione a qualsivoglia procedura fallimentare o simile).
· Come altrimenti consentito ai sensi della presente Politica o (i) qualora fossimo tenuti a divulgare Dati personali relativi all’utente in ossequio alla legge o ad un procedimento legale, (ii) in risposta a una richiesta di un tribunale, autorità preposte all’applicazione della legge o funzionari governativi, o (iii) qualora ritenessimo che la divulgazione sia necessaria o appropriata per prevenire danni fisici o perdite finanziarie o in relazione a un’indagine su attività fraudolente o illegali sospette o concrete.
Possiamo consentire a un cliente di raccogliere Dati personali direttamente dall’utente. L’utente può fornirgli tali propri Dati personali liberamente. In tali circostanze, stipuliamo un accordo scritto con i nostri clienti per limitare, tra l’altro, il loro utilizzo dei Dati personali.
4. Diritti e scelte dell’utente
In base alla legge applicabile, l’utente può avere il diritto di:
· Rinunciare a una determinata raccolta e ad un utilizzo dei suoi Dati personali quando forniamo il servizio. Per ulteriori informazioni, accedere al proprio account e modificare le preferenze.
· Rinunciare alla raccolta e all’utilizzo di determinate informazioni, che raccogliamo su di lui/lei con mezzi automatizzati. In alcune giurisdizioni, l’utente può esercitare la sua scelta relativa all’utilizzo di cookie e tecnologie simili tramite lo strumento Consenso all’Uso dei Cookie. Il browser dell’utente potrebbe suggerire come essere avvisati e rinunciare ad alcuni tipi di cookie assegnati sul suo dispositivo. Notare che senza determinati cookie l’utente potrebbe non essere in grado di utilizzare tutte le funzionalità dei nostri siti web, app o servizi online.
· Richiedere l’accesso e ricevere informazioni sui Dati personali che manteniamo relativi all’utente, per aggiornare e correggere imprecisioni relative ai suoi Dati personali, per limitare o opporsi al trattamento dei suoi Dati personali, per ottenere l’anonimato o la cancellazione delle informazioni, qualora opportuno, o esercitare il proprio diritto alla portabilità dei dati per trasferire facilmente le informazioni a un’altra società. Inoltre, l’utente può anche avvalersi del diritto di sporgere denuncia presso un’autorità di vigilanza, anche nel proprio paese di residenza, luogo di lavoro o luogo in cui si è verificato un incidente.
· Ritirare qualsivoglia consenso precedentemente fornito in merito al trattamento dei Dati personali dell’utente, in qualsivoglia momento e gratuitamente. In futuro, applicheremo le preferenze dell’utente e ciò non pregiudicherà la liceità del trattamento prima del suo consenso.
In talune circostanze tali diritti possono essere limitati dai requisiti di cui alle leggi locali.
L’utente può interrompere qualsiasi raccolta da parte nostra di Dati personali e altre informazioni disinstallando i Servizi o interrompendo la propria partecipazione a tutti i panel. È possibile utilizzare i processi di disinstallazione standard disponibili sul proprio dispositivo mobile o attraverso la rete o lo store per applicazioni o è possibile eliminare il proprio account di partecipante dal sito del panel.  Notare che se si elimina l’applicazione mobile, ma si mantiene un profilo con uno dei nostri siti web, potremmo continuare la raccolta di Dati personali e altri dati dell’utente tramite i nostri siti web. La disinstallazione dell’applicazione mobile non eliminerà tutte le informazioni raccolte da noi prima di tale disinstallazione dei Servizi. Per eliminare tutte le informazioni da noi raccolte, è possibile contattarci come indicato di seguito.
Qualora l’utente desideri esercitare i propri diritti sopra descritti o cessare il proprio account, è pregato di contattarci come specificato nella sezione “Come contattarci” di seguito.
5. Sicurezza e ritenzione dei Dati
Manteniamo adeguate garanzie tecniche, amministrative e fisiche per proteggere i Dati personali e altre informazioni divulgate o da noi raccolte, contro distruzione, perdita, alterazione, accesso, divulgazione o utilizzo accidentali, illeciti o non autorizzati. Esaminiamo, monitoriamo e valutiamo regolarmente le nostre pratiche in materia di privacy e i nostri sistemi di protezione. Nonostante i sistemi di salvaguardia adottati, le trasmissioni via Internet o su rete mobile non sono interamente sicure e quindi non possiamo garantire la sicurezza di tali trasmissioni online. Non possiamo ritenerci responsabili per eventuali errori commessi dai soggetti che ci inviino Dati personali.
Implementiamo inoltre le misure finalizzate a cancellare i Dati personali dell’utente o conservarli in una forma che non consenta la sua identificazione quando tali informazioni non sono più necessarie per gli scopi per i quali le trattiamo, salvo la legge richieda di conservare tali informazioni per un periodo più lungo periodo. Nel determinare il periodo di ritenzione, teniamo in considerazione svariati criteri, quali il tipo di prodotti e servizi richiesti o forniti all’utente, la natura e la durata della nostra relazione con lui/lei, la possibile reiscrizione ai nostri prodotti o servizi, l’impatto sui servizi che forniamo all’utente in caso di cancellazione da parte nostra di alcune informazioni da lui/lei ottenute o a lui/lei relative, i periodi di conservazione obbligatori previsti dalla legge e le prescrizioni.
6. Trasferimento dei Dati
I Dati personali dell’utente possono essere trasferiti a destinatari in paesi diversi da quello in cui si trova, tra cui gli Stati Uniti, in cui si trova la sede della controllata di Research Now e di Survey Sampling International. Questi paesi potrebbero non adottare le medesime leggi sulla protezione dei dati del paese in cui inizialmente l’utente ha fornito le informazioni. Quando trasferiamo i Dati personali dell’utente in altri Paesi, proteggiamo tali informazioni come descritto nella presente Politica sulla privacy o come comunicato all’utente al momento della raccolta.
Qualora l’utente si trovi all’interno dello Spazio economico europeo o in Svizzera, rispettiamo i requisiti legali applicabili fornendo adeguate garanzie per il trasferimento di Dati personali verso paesi terzi.
7. Non Tenere Traccia
Non Tenere Traccia (“NTT”) è un’impostazione del browser che può essere attivata per informare i siti Web visitati che non si desidera che il sito Web raccolga determinate informazioni personali. RN SSI non risponde a segnali di NTT. Qualora l’utente sia in disaccordo con la pratica di RN SSI riguardo ai segnali di NTT, egli/ella potrà escludersi dalla partecipazione o dall’uso dei servizi RN SSI come descritto in seguito.
In relazione al programma di efficacia degli annunci online di RN SSI, RN SSI permette ai propri subappaltatori, partner e/o clienti di rilasciare, impostare e/o scrivere tecnologie di terze parti allo scopo di agevolare la misurazione dell’audience e attività di sondaggistica di richiamo sugli annunci. RN SSI non è responsabile per l’osservanza di o la risposta ai segnali di NTT di terze parti.
8. Non coinvolgimento di minori degli anni 16
Il Servizio non è realizzato, né inteso all’utilizzo da parte di qualsivoglia soggetto minore degli anni 16 Non raccogliamo consapevolmente Dati personali da minori degli anni 16 e qualora venissimo a conoscenza di avere inavvertitamente raccolto Dati personali da minori degli anni 16, ci adopereremo ragionevolmente per eliminare tali Dati personali.
9. Aggiornamenti alla Presente Politica sulla privacy
La presente Informativa sulla privacy globale può essere aggiornata periodicamente per riflettere le modifiche apportate alle nostre pratiche sui Dati personali. Pubblicheremo una comunicazione di rilievo sui siti web pertinenti per informare l’utente in merito a eventuali modifiche significative alla nostra Informativa sulla privacy globale e indicare nella parte superiore della comunicazione quando è avvenuto l’aggiornamento più recente. Se aggiorniamo la nostra Informativa sulla privacy globale, in determinate circostanze, potremmo richiedere il consenso dell’utente.
10. Come contattarci
Qualora l’utente abbia domande o commenti relativi alle nostre pratiche sulla privacy o alla presente Politica sulla privacy o se desideri rinunciare a determinati usi dei propri Dati personali, esercitare i propri diritti in relazione ai Dati personali che deteniamo su di lui/lei o sporgere denuncia in merito alla nostra pratica relativa alla privacy, non esitare a contattare Research Now Limited o Survey Sampling International LLC, come descritto di seguito.
· Research Now Limited: scriverci all’indirizzo di posta elettronica privacy@surveysampling.com o all’indirizzo postale 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, Londra, Regno Unito EC4V 4BF, all’attenzione del: Responsabile della protezione dei dati.
· Survey Sampling International LLC: scriverci all’indirizzo di posta elettronica privacy@surveysampling.com o all’indirizzo postale 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 Stati Uniti.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Privacybeleid
Eerst van kracht:  2010-01-01
Deze versie: Ingangsdatum 2018-05-19
Het Privacybeleid omschrijft hoe Research Now Limited en Survey Sampling International LLC en hun moederbedrijven, dochtermaatschappijen en gelieerde bedrijven (gezamenlijk “RN SSI”, “wij”, “we”, “ons” of “onze”) persoonlijke gegevens verwerken in de context van panelgemeenschappen, enquêtes, beloningsprogramma’s, websites en mobiele applicaties (gezamenlijk de “Service”). Het omschrijft in het bijzonder de soorten van persoonlijke gegevens die we verzamelen in verband met de Service, de doeleinden waarvoor we die persoonlijke gegevens verzamelen, de andere partijen waarmee we die persoonlijke gegevens kunnen delen, en de maatregelen die we nemen om de veiligheid van de gegevens te beschermen. Het Privacybeleid informeert u ook over uw rechten en keuzes aangaande uw persoonlijke gegevens, en hoe u contact met ons kunt opnemen om uw contactgegevens bij te werken of vragen te stellen over privacypraktijken.
Dit Privacybeleid is niet van toepassing op de verwerking van uw persoonlijke gegevens in de context van enquêtes die worden uitgevoerd door derde partijen. In deze gevallen is RN SSI niet de opdrachtgever van de enquête en het enquête-instrument, en de enquêteresultaten of enquêtegegevens worden beheerd door de opdrachtgever van de enquête. We verwijzen u naar het relevante privacybeleid van de opdrachtgever voor meer informatie over diens privacypraktijken.
Het inschrijven bij, gebruikmaken van en toegang krijgen tot de Service is onderworpen aan dit Privacybeleid en onze Algemene Voorwaarden .
1. Persoonlijke gegevens over u, die kunnen worden verzameld
We verzamelen persoonlijke gegevens op verschillende manieren, die hieronder worden omschreven.  Ten behoeve van dit Privacybeleid betekent “persoonlijke gegevens” alle informatie aangaande een geïdentificeerde of identificeerbare persoon. Waar van toepassing geven we aan of en waarom u ons uw persoonlijke gegevens moet verstrekken, evenals de gevolgen indien u dit verzuimt. Als u niet persoonlijke gegevens verstrekt wanneer u daarom wordt gevraagd, kunt u wellicht niet profiteren van de Service als die gegevens noodzakelijk zijn om u de Service te kunnen leveren of indien we wettelijk verplicht zijn die persoonlijke gegevens te verzamelen.
55. Door u verstrekte persoonlijke gegevens
We vragen u bepaalde persoonlijke gegevens te verstrekken als u zich registreert voor een account via onze websites of mobiele applicatie, waaronder uw naam, adres, e-mailadres, telefoonnummer, geboortedatum, beroep, opleiding en seksuele geaardheid.
Daarnaast verzamelen we persoonlijke gegevens die u verstrekt in de context van een panel, wanneer u deelneemt aan een enquête of in verband met de ontvangst en inlossing van beloningen en stimulansen. Dergelijke informatie omvat een uniek panellid/respondent-identificatienummer dat we u toekennen als u zich inschrijft voor een account en de antwoorden die u verstrekt bij het invullen van de enquête. In deze context kunt u ervoor kiezen gevoelige persoonlijke gegevens over u te verstrekken, zoals persoonlijke gegevens die uw gezondheid, medische gegevens, seksuele geaardheid of seksleven, politieke overtuigingen, ras/etnische origine, religieuze en filosofische overtuigingen en vakbondslidmaatschap kenbaar maken. Waar vereist volgens de wet, verkrijgen we uw uitdrukkelijke toestemming voor de verwerking van uw gevoelige persoonlijke gegevens. We kunnen ook inhoud verzamelen die u indient, uploadt of overdraagt bij gebruik van de Service, zoals foto’s en video’s.
56. Locatiegegevens
We kunnen uw toestemming vragen voor het verkrijgen van locatiegegevens vanaf uw mobiele apparaat. We kunnen uw locatiegegevens gebruiken om u de mogelijkheid te bieden deel te nemen aan plaatselijke enquêtes en marktonderzoek, of om dergelijke locatiegegevens te delen met derde partij klanten om bepaalde plaatselijke verkeerspatronen van deelnemers te demonstreren, waaronder, maar niet beperkt tot, koopgedrag op basis van bezochte locaties.
We verzamelen uw locatiegegevens voor de bovengenoemde doeleinden met uw instemming. Als u uw locatiegegevens niet meer met ons wilt delen, kun u de privacy-instellingen van uw apparaat wijzigen.  Waar vereist volgens de wet, verkrijgen we uw uitdrukkelijke toestemming voor het delen van locatiegegevens met derde partijen.
57. Sociale media accounts
U kunt ook de mogelijkheid aangeboden krijgen voor toegang tot de Services via derde partij sociale media platforms. Indien u kiest voor toegang tot de Services op deze manier, kunnen we bepaalde profielgegevens verzamelen die opgeslagen zijn in uw sociale media platformaccount, zoals naam, seksuele geaardheid en e-mailadres.
58. Automatisch verkregen persoonlijke gegevens
Als u gebruikmaakt van de Service, kunnen we bepaalde gegevens automatisch verzamelen, bijvoorbeeld via cookies en gelijkwaardige technologieën. Cookies zijn kleine bestanden die bepaalde gegevens op een apparaat opslaan. Cookies creëren een unieke ID die wordt geassocieerd met uw browser. Sessiecookies vervallen als u uw browser sluit, terwijl permanente cookies op uw apparaat achterblijven totdat ze worden verwijderd of wanneer ze een vastgestelde vervaldatum bereiken.
De informatie die we verzamelen via cookies en gelijkwaardige technologieën kan informatie bevatten over uw apparaat en diens functies, inclusief het apparaattype en uitvoeringssyteem, andere applicaties op uw apparaat, netwerk en internetserviceprovider, tijdzone, netwerkstatus, type browser, verwijzings/sluitingspagina’s, uitvoeringssysteem, datum/tijdstempel, clickstreamdata, en unieke identificatienummers, zoals het IP-adres van uw apparaat, uniek apparaatidentificatienummer, Media Access Control (MAC) adres, of browser-identificator. We kunnen ook digitale vingerafdruk- en watermerktechnologieën gebruiken om de bovenstaande informatie te verzamelen.
We kunnen ook informatie verzamelen vanaf bepaalde applicaties en functionaliteiten die beschikbaar zijn op uw apparaat als u ons toegang daartoe geeft. Dergelijke informatie omvat het aantal en de soorten applicaties die zijn geïnstalleerd, push notifications, camera, microfoon, toegang fotobibliotheek, toegang opslag bestanden,
We gebruiken deze informatie om de Service te verbeteren door te beoordelen hoeveel gebruikers de Service openen of gebruiken, welke inhoud, producten en kenmerken van onze Service onze bezoekers het meest interesseren, welk soort aanbiedingen onze klanten graag zien en hoe onze Service presteert vanuit technisch oogpunt.
In sommige gevallen kunnen we informatie gebruiken die automatisch werd verzameld samen met andere informatie, om gebruikers (of huishoudens) te herkennen via platforms of apparaten, zoals smartphones, computers, tablets of verwante browsers, voor de doeleinden zoals beschreven in dit Privacybeleid. Informatie verzameld via digitale vingerafdruk- en watermerktechnologieën kan ook worden gebruikt voor kwaliteitscontrole, validatie, fraudedetectie en preventie.
Voor meer informatie over de soorten cookies die we gebruiken, de doeleinden waarvoor we informatie gebruiken die verzameld is via cookies, ga naar onze Cookie Consent tool.
59. Persoonlijke gegevens die we verwerken in verband met enquêtes over reclame van klanten
Als u gebruikmaakt van de Service om deel te nemen aan enquêtes over specifieke advertenties en aanbiedingen die RN SSI test voor zijn zakelijke klanten, kunt u deze advertenties of aanbiedingen op verschillende plaatsen zien, waaronder mobiele apps die niet van RN SSI zijn (bijv. in een gaming app).  Nadat de betreffende advertenties en aanbiedingen aan u zijn getoond, geeft RN SSI u toegang tot, of neemt contact met u voor het invullen van, een enquête over deze advertenties of aanbiedingen en/of kan bepaalde demografische gegevens over u verstrekken aan de reclamemaker, of de agent van de reclamemaker, met betrekking tot de demografische profielen van personen die de advertentie hebben bekeken.
Om het invullen van dergelijke enquêtes over reclame of promoties te faciliteren, werkt RN SSI samen met reclamebedrijven die advertenties aanbieden, testen of faciliteren, inclusief in andere mobiele apps. De Applicatie/Services leveren reclamenetwerken met de UID, uw unieke apparaatidentificator, en andere automatisch verzamelde informatie.  Daarna, wanneer u een mobiele app gebruikt die samenwerkt met een van de reclamebedrijven, kan het reclamebedrijf uw unieke apparaatidentificator of andere automatisch verzamelde informatie gebruiken om uw apparaat te herkennen. Het reclamebedrijf kan u dan een advertentie of aanbieding laten zien die RN SSI test voor een van onze bedrijfsklanten. Het reclamebedrijf kan dan RN SSI informeren dat het apparaat dat gelinkt is aan uw UID net een advertentie of aanbieding ontvangen heeft, waardoor RN SSI u toegang kan geven tot een enquête over de advertentie of aanbieding of om contact met u op te nemen over het invullen daarvan.
60. Persoonlijke gegevens verstrekt door derde partijen
We kunnen persoonlijke gegevens, gedrags- en/of demografische gegevens van derde partijen verkrijgen, zoals databeheerplatforms, reclamenetwerken, informatieservicebureaus en steekproefleveranciers. De verzameling hiervan kan omvatten, maar is niet beperkt tot: leeftijd, seksuele geaardheid, geografie, locatie, aanwezigheid van kinderen, mobiele reclame-ID’s, koopgeschiedenis, ontvangen advertenties, lookalike-segmenten.
2. Hoe we uw persoonlijke gegevens kunnen gebruiken
De persoonlijke gegevens die we van of over u verkrijgen, kunnen we gebruiken voor uiteenlopende doeleinden, waaronder:
• U aanbieden deel te nemen aan researchactiviteiten, waaronder deelname aan een panel, aan door RN SSI of derde partijen uitgevoerde enquêtes (al dan niet als panellid) of websites en mobiele applicaties te gebruiken die verband houden met panels of enquêtes.
• RN SSI beloningen, stimulansprogramma’s en andere aanbiedingen uitvoeren, beheren, voltooien, toegankelijk maken en communiceren – inclusief loterijen die worden aangeboden in verband met panellidmaatschap en/of het invullen van enquêtes.
• Met u communiceren over uw lidmaatschap van een panel in eigendom van RN SSI, of u kennisgevingen sturen van uw deelname aan een enquête en op maat gemaakte enquêtemogelijkheden.
• Regelen dat advertenties aan u worden getoond buiten de Service om de uitvoering van herinneringsenquêtes te faciliteren.
• U op maat gemaakte Services en advertenties leveren, gebaseerd op criteria zoals uw interesses of locatiegegevens, en RN SSI en derde partijen in staat stellen marktinzichten, doelgroep/lookalike-modellen op basis van individuele en/of collectieve profielgegevens, en segmentdoelgroepen te ontwikkelen. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld markt- en reclamecampagnes ontwikkelen, afgestemd op personen die een sociaal en demografisch profiel hebben dat overeenstemt met dat van u.
• De Meetgegevens Publiek zullen gebruikt worden in verband met onderzoek naar de doeltreffendheid van internetreclame, en om te helpen bij de creatie, ontwikkeling en implementatie van websites, internetreclame en andere internet- en digitale mediafuncties, functionaliteiten en campagnes.
• Versturen van op maat gemaakte marktberichten over producten en diensten van RN SSI en derde partijen.
• Bijwerken van de bestanden van RN SSI, uitvoeren van gegevensanalyses voor doeleinden van RN SSI of voor onze klanten.
• Een betere enquête-ervaring leveren, inclusief kwaliteitscontrole, validatie, bijhouden van voltooide enquêtes of andere voltooide acties
• Waarborgen van veiligheid en beveiliging en opsporen en voorkomen van fraude
• Naleven van onze wettelijke verplichtingen, inclusief, zonder beperking, belastingplicht, of anderszins onze rechten doen gelden of beschermen.
• Zoals anderszins toegestaan krachtens dit privacybeleid of zoals anderszins door u geautoriseerd
Als u bent gevestigd in de Europese Economische Ruimte, kunnen we uw persoonlijke gegevens verzamelen en gebruiken, indien:
• U toestemming heeft gegeven voor het gebruik van uw persoonlijke gegevens. We kunnen bijvoorbeeld uw instemming vragen met ons gebruik van cookies of gelijkwaardige technologieën, om u marktberichten te sturen, of om persoonlijke gegevens te verwerken die de toepasselijke wetgeving als gevoelig oordeelt.
• Noodzakelijk om u producten en diensten te leveren, om uw vragen te beantwoorden.
• Toepasselijke wetgeving van ons verlangt of ons opdraagt uw persoonlijke gegevens te gebruiken.
• Wij, of een derde partij een rechtmatig belang hebben in het gebruik van uw persoonlijke gegevens, zoals het waarborgen en verbeteren van de veiligheid en beveiliging, voor de uitvoering van onze producten en diensten, het anonimiseren van persoonlijke gegevens en het uitvoeren van gegevensanalyses.
4. Hoe we uw persoonlijke gegevens delen
We kunnen de persoonlijke gegevens die we over u verzameld hebben openbaar maken zoals hieronder omschreven of anderszins aan u onthuld op het moment dat de gegevens worden verzameld, onder andere aan:
• Ons moederbedrijf, dochtermaatschappij, en gelieerden voor de doeleinden omschreven in dit Privacybeleid.
• Onze dienstverleners die namens ons diensten verlenen en persoonlijke gegevens verwerken. Voorbeelden van onze dienstverleners omvatten onze providers voor cloud-opslag, fraude-tools en verzamelingsplatform voor enquêtegegevens. We kunnen ook persoonlijke gegevens delen met gegevensmakelaars en gegevensverzamelaars, die handelen volgens onze instructies en namens ons, ten behoeve van de verrijking van onze database voor de ontwikkeling van inzichten in doelgroepen en/of lookalike-modellen, analyses en marktintelligentie. We dragen deze dienstverleners contractueel op alleen persoonlijke gegevens te verwerken in overeenstemming met onze instructies, en waar noodzakelijk, om namens ons diensten uit te voeren of in naleving van wettelijke vereisten. We verlangen ook van hen dat ze veiligheidsmaatregelen treffen voor de bescherming van de veiligheid en vertrouwelijkheid van de persoonlijke gegevens, die ze namens ons verwerken.
• Programmapartners die u hebben uitgenodigd deel te nemen aan de Service en via wie u zich heeft ingeschreven.
• Onze klanten voor aan marktonderzoek gerelateerde doeleinden (waaronder het maken en valideren van modellen, fraudedetectie en -preventie, gegevens marktsegmentatie en database matching en inlossing van beloningen, stimulansen en loterijen, uitvoering en/of toegang), om hen in staat te stellen marktcampagnes, doelgroepinzichten en lookalike-modellen te ontwikkelen, derde partij producten/diensten aan u op de markt te brengen, en ten behoeve van het identificeren van respondenten voor hernieuwde enquêtes of berichten.
• Onze klant of de klanten van onze klant, indien we van mening zijn dat u de intellectuele eigendomsrechten van een derde partij of de Algemene Voorwaarden van de Service heeft geschonden of kan schenden http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Een derde partij in verband met een reorganisatie, fusie, verkoop, joint venture, opdracht, overdracht, of andere afstoting van een gedeelte of het geheel van ons bedrijf, onze bedrijfsmiddelen of voorraad (inclusief in verband met faillissement of gelijkwaardige ontwikkelingen).
• Zoals verder toegestaan krachtens dit Beleid of (i) indien de wet of een rechtszaak van ons eist dat we persoonlijke gegevens over u openbaar maken, (ii) in respons op een verzoek van een rechtbank, juridische handhavingsinstanties, of overheidsfunctionarissen, of (iii) indien we menen dat openbaarmaking noodzakelijk of gepast is ter preventie van fysieke schade of financieel verlies, of in verband met een onderzoek in vermeende of feitelijke frauduleuze of illegale activiteiten.
We kunnen een klant toestaan om rechtstreeks van u persoonlijke gegevens te verzamelen. Het staat u vrij hen persoonlijke gegevens te verstrekken. In deze omstandigheden gaan we een schriftelijke overeenkomst aan met onze klanten om, onder andere, hun gebruik van de persoonlijke gegevens te beperken.
4. Uw rechten en keuzes
Onderhevig aan toepasselijke wetgeving kunt u het recht hebben om:
• Zich uit te schrijven van bepaald(e) verzameling en gebruik van uw persoonlijke gegevens bij het leveren van de Service. Ga voor meer informatie naar uw account en verander uw voorkeuren.
• Zich uit te schrijven van verzameling en gebruik van bepaalde informatie, die we automatisch verzamelen. In sommige jurisdicties heeft u het recht keuzes te maken met betrekking tot het gebruik van cookies en gelijkwaardige technologieën via de Cookie Consent tool . Uw browser kan u vertellen hoe u kennisgevingen kunt ontvangen aangaande bepaalde soorten cookies die op uw apparaat worden geplaatst en hoe u zich hiervan kunt uitschrijven. We maken u erop attent dat zonder bepaalde cookies u wellicht niet alle kenmerken van onze websites, apps of internetservices kunt gebruiken.
• Toegang te vragen tot en informatie te ontvangen over de persoonlijke gegevens die we over u onderhouden, onnauwkeurigheden in uw persoonlijke gegevens bij te werken en te corrigeren, de verwerking van uw persoonlijke gegevens te beperken of er bezwaar tegen te maken, de informatie te laten anonimiseren of verwijderen, waar van toepassing, of uw rechten te doen gelden inzake data-portabiliteit voor gemakkelijke overdracht van informatie naar een ander bedrijf. Daarnaast kunt u het recht hebben om een klacht in te dienen bij een toezichthoudende autoriteit, waaronder die van het land waarvan u ingezetene bent, de plek waar u werkzaam bent of de plek waar een incident heeft plaatsgevonden.
• Te allen tijde, zonder kosten, eerder gegeven toestemming in te trekken aangaande de verwerking van uw persoonlijke gegevens. We passen uw voorkeuren progressief toe en dit is niet van invloed op de wettigheid van de verwerking voorafgaand aan de intrekking van uw toestemming.
Deze rechten kunnen in sommige gevallen door lokale wetgeving beperkt zijn.
U kunt alle inzameling door ons van persoonlijke gegevens en andere informatie stopzetten door de Services te verwijderen of door uw deelname aan alle panels te beëindigen. U kunt het standaard verwijderingsproces gebruiken dat beschikbaar is in uw mobiele apparaat of via de mobiele app-winkel of het netwerk, of u kunt uw account als panellid annuleren op de panelwebsite.  We maken u erop attent dat als u de mobiele applicatie verwijdert, maar een profiel bijhoudt op een van onze websites, we nog steeds persoonlijke gegevens en andere gegevens van u kunnen verzamelen via onze websites. Het verwijderen van de mobiele applicatie zal niet alle informatie wissen die door ons verzameld werd voorafgaand aan het verwijderen van de Services. Voor verwijdering van alle door ons verzamelde informatie, verzoeken wij u contact met ons op te nemen zoals hieronder uiteengezet.
Als u de hierboven omschreven rechten wilt doen gelden of uw account wilt beëindigen, neemt u dan contact met ons op in het “Hoe contact met ons opnemen” gedeelte hieronder.
5. Gegevensbeveiliging en gegevensretentie
We treffen gepaste technische, administratieve en fysieke maatregelen om onthulde of door ons verzamelde persoonlijke gegevens te beschermen tegen ongewild(e), onwettig(e) of niet-geautoriseerd(e) vernietiging, verlies, wijziging, toegang, openbaarmaking of gebruik. We beoordelen, bewaken en evalueren regelmatig onze privacypraktijken en beveiligingssystemen. Niettegenstaande de veiligheidsmaatregelen die we ingevoerd hebben, zijn transmissies via internet en/of een mobiel netwerk nooit volledig veilig en kunnen we de veiligheid van internettransmissies niet garanderen. We zijn niet verantwoordelijk voor door personen gemaakte, fouten tijdens het indienen van persoonlijke gegevens bij ons.
We treffen ook maatregelen om uw persoonlijke gegevens te verwijderen of te bewaren in een niet-identificeerbaar formaat, nadat deze informatie niet meer nodig is voor de doeleinden waarvoor we deze informatie hebben verwerkt, tenzij we wettelijk verplicht zijn de informatie voor een langere periode te bewaren. Bij het bepalen van de retentieperiode houden we rekening met verschillende criteria, zoals het soort producten en diensten dat u vraagt of wij u leveren, de aard en duur van onze relatie met u, mogelijke herinschrijving voor onze producten of diensten, de impact op de u geleverde diensten indien we sommige gegevens van of over u verwijderen, verplichte retentieperiodes conform de wet en het statuut van beperkingen.
6. Gegevensoverdracht
Uw persoonlijke gegevens kunnen worden overgedragen aan ontvangers in landen anders dan het land waar u bent gevestigd, inclusief naar de Verenigde Staten, waar de moedermaatschappij van Research Now en Survey Sampling International hun hoofdkantoor hebben. Deze landen hebben wellicht niet dezelfde gegevensbeschermingswetgeving als het land waarin u oorspronkelijk de gegevens heeft verstrekt. Als we uw persoonlijke gegevens overdragen naar andere landen, beschermen we die informatie zoals omschreven in dit Privacybeleid of zoals aan u kenbaar gemaakt op het moment van verzameling.
Indien u bent gevestigd in de Europese Economische Ruimte of Zwitserland, leven wij de toepasselijke wettelijke vereisten na door adequate maatregelen te treffen voor de overdracht van persoonlijke gegevens naar derde landen.
7. Do Not Track [niet bijhouden]
Do Not Track (‘DNT’) is een instelling van uw browser die u kunt selecteren om websites die u bezoekt op de hoogte te stellen van het feit dat u niet wilt dat de websites bepaalde gegevens over u inzamelen. RN SSI reageert niet op DNT-signalen. Als u bezwaar heeft tegen de praktijk van RN SSI ten opzichte van DNT-signalen, kunt u ervoor kiezen om u van deelname aan of het gebruik van diensten van RN SSI uit te schrijven (opt-out), zoals hieronder omschreven.
In verband met het doeltreffendheidsprogramma voor internetreclame van RN SSI, geeft RN SSI toestemming aan onderaannemers, partners en/of klanten van RN SSI om derde partij technologieën te plaatsen, zetten en/of schrijven met als doel het vergemakkelijken van het testen van het publiek en de enquêteactiviteiten voor het herinneren van reclames. RN SSI is niet verantwoordelijk voor de naleving van en de reactie op DNT-signalen door derde partijen.
8. Geen kinderen
De Service is niet ontworpen voor, of bestemd voor gebruikmaking door, personen jonger dan 16 jaar. We verzamelen niet bewust persoonlijke gegevens van kinderen jonger dan 16 jaar, en als we ons ervan bewust worden dat we per ongeluk persoonlijke gegevens hebben verzameld van een kind jonger dan 16 jaar, ondernemen we redelijke, zakelijke stappen om dergelijke persoonlijke gegevens te verwijderen.
9. Updates van dit Privacybeleid
Deze wereldwijde Privacyverklaring kan periodiek worden bijgewerkt om de wijzigingen in onze praktijken in verband met persoonlijke gegevens te weerspiegelen. We publiceren een prominente kennisgeving op relevante websites om u te informeren over betekenisvolle wijzigingen in onze wereldwijde Privacyverklaring en geven bovenaan de Verklaring weer wanneer de meest recente update heeft plaatsgevonden. Als we onze wereldwijde Privacyverklaring bijwerken, vragen we in sommige gevallen uw instemming.
10. Hoe neemt u contact met ons op
Als u vragen of opmerkingen heeft over onze privacypraktijken of dit Privacybeleid of als u zich wilt uitschrijven van bepaald gebruik van uw persoonlijke gegevens, uw rechten wilt doen gelden aangaande de persoonlijke gegevens die we over u hebben of een klacht in wilt dienen over onze privacypraktijken, aarzelt u dan niet contact op te nemen met Research Now Limited of Survey Sampling International LLC, zoals hieronder omschreven.
• Research Now Limited: schrijf ons op privacy@surveysampling.com  of naar 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, Londen, Verenigd Koninkrijk EC4V 4BF, ter attentie van: Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: schrijf ons op privacy@surveysampling.com of naar 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 Verenigde Staten.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Personvernerklæring
Personvernerklæringen beskriver hvordan Research Now Limited og Survey Sampling International LLC og deres moder-, datter-, og tilknyttede selskaper (samlet kalt «RN SSI», «vi», «oss» eller «våre») behandler personopplysninger i sammenheng med nettbaserte panelfellesskap, spørreundersøkelser, belønningsprogrammer, nettsteder og mobilapplikasjoner (samlet kalt «tjenesten»). Den beskriver spesifikt typene personopplysninger vi samler inn i forbindelse med tjenesten, formålet for innsamling av disse personopplysningene, de andre partene vi kan dele dem med og tiltakene vi gjør for å beskytte sikkerheten til opplysningene. Den forteller deg også om dine rettigheter og valgmuligheter med tanke på dine personopplysninger, og hvordan du kan kontakte oss for å oppdatere kontaktinformasjonen din eller stille spørsmål om vår personvernpraksis.
Denne personvernerklæringen gjelder ikke for behandling av dine personopplysninger i sammenheng med spørreundersøkelser som administreres av tredjeparter. I disse situasjonene er ikke RN SSI sponsoren av spørreundersøkelsen og undersøkelsesmetoden, og resultatene eller undersøkelsesopplysningene er og forblir derfor i undersøkelsessponsorens eierskap. Referer til den relevante sponsorens personvernerklæring for å lære mer om personvernpraksisen til den sponsoren.
Registrering for, bruk av, og tilgang til tjenesten er underlagt ditt samtykke i denne personvernerklæringen og våre brukervilkår .
1. Personopplysninger som kan samles inn om deg
Vi samler inn personopplysninger på forskjellige måter, beskrevet nedenfor.  For denne personvernerklæringen betyr «personopplysninger» all informasjon relatert til en identifisert eller identifiserbar person. Der det er aktuelt, angir vi om du må oppgi dine personopplysninger til oss, i tillegg til konsekvensene av å ikke gjøre det. Hvis du ikke oppgir personopplysninger når du blir bedt om det, er det ikke sikkert at du vil kunne dra nytte av tjenesten hvis den informasjonen er nødvendig for å tilby deg tjenesten, eller hvis loven krever at vi samler dem inn.
61. Personopplysninger du oppgir
Vi ber om at du oppgir visse personopplysninger når du registrerer deg for en konto gjennom våre nettsteder eller mobilapplikasjon, inkludert navn, adresse, e-postadresse, telefonnummer, fødselsdato, yrke, utdanning og kjønn.
I tillegg samler vi inn personopplysninger om deg i sammenheng med et panel, når du deltar i en spørreundersøkelse eller i forbindelse med mottak og innløsing av belønninger og insentiver. Slik informasjon omfatter et unikt paneldeltaker/respondent-identifikasjonsnummer som vi gir deg når registrerer deg for en konto, og svarene du gir når du tar spørreundersøkelsen. I denne sammenhengen kan du velge å oppgi sensitive personopplysninger om deg, slik som personopplysninger som offentliggjør eller avslører helsemessige og medisinske forhold, seksuell legning, politiske meninger/synspunkter, rasemessig/etnisk opphav, religiøs eller filosofisk overbevisning og fagforeningsmedlemskap. Der loven krever det innhenter vi ditt uttrykkelige samtykke til behandling av dine sensitive personopplysninger. Vi kan også samle inn innhold som du sender inn, laster opp eller overfører når du bruker tjenesten, slik som bilder og videoer.
62. Stedsdata
Vi kan be deg om tillatelse til å innhente stedsinformasjon fra mobilenheten din. Vi kan bruke stedsinformasjon til å gi deg muligheten til å delta i stedsbaserte spørreundersøkelser og markedsundersøkelser, eller til å dele slike stedsdata med tredjepartskunder for å demonstrere visse trafikkmønstre til deltakere basert på sted, inkludert, men ikke begrenset til kjøpeatferd basert på besøkte steder.
Vi samler inn stedsinformasjon for formålene nevnt ovenfor med ditt samtykke. Hvis du ikke lenger ønsker å dele geolokasjonsinformasjon med oss, endrer du personverninnstillingene på enheten din.  Der loven krever det, innhenter vi ditt uttrykkelige samtykke til å dele din stedsinformasjon med tredjeparter.
63. Sosiale medier-kontoer
Du kan også ha muligheten til å få tilgang til tjenestene gjennom tredjeparters sosiale medieplattformer. Hvis du velger å ta deg tilgang til tjenestene på denne måten, kan vi samle inn profilinformasjon lagret på din konto på sosiale medier, slik som navn, kjønn og e-postadresse.
64. Personopplysninger som innhentes gjennom automatiserte metoder
Når du bruker tjenestene, kan vi samle inn informasjon gjennom automatiserte metoder, slik som informasjonskapsler og liknende teknologier. Informasjonskapsler er små filer som lagrer visse data på en enhet. Informasjonskapsler oppretter en unik ID som er tilknyttet nettleseren din. Øktinformasjonskapsler utløper når du lukker nettleseren, mens vedvarende informasjonkapsler blir værende på enheten din til de blir slettet eller de når en fastsatt utløpsdato.
Informasjonen vi samler inn gjennom informasjonkapsler og liknende teknologier kan omfatte informasjon om enheten din og dens egenskaper, deriblant enhetstypen og operativsystem, andre applikasjoner på enheten din, nettverks- og Internett-leverandør, tidssone, nettverksstatus, nettlesertype, henvisningsside/utgangsside, operativsystem, tidsstempel, klikkstrømdata og unike identifikasjonsnumre som IP-adresse, enhetens unike identifikasjonsnummer, Media Access Control (MAC)-adresse eller nettleseridentifikator. Vi kan også bruke digitale fingeravtrykkslesing og vannmerkingsteknologier for å samle inn informasjonen nevnt ovenfor.
Vi kan også samle inn informasjon om deg fra visse applikasjoner og funksjonalitet som er tilgjengelig på enheten din hvis du gir oss tilgang til disse. Slik informasjon omfatter antallet og typen applikasjoner som er installert, push-varslinger, kamera, mikrofon, tilgang til fotobibliotek, fillagringstilgang,
Vi bruker denne informasjonen til å forbedre tjenestene ved å vurdere hvor mange brukere som tar seg tilgang til tjenesten vår, hvilket innhold, hvilke produkter og funksjoner i tjenesten vår som interesser flest besøkende, hva slags type tilbud kundene våre ser og hvordan tjenesten vår fungerer fra et teknisk ståsted.
I noen tilfeller kan vi bruke informasjon samlet inn gjennom automatiserte metoder, sammen med annen informasjon, for å gjenkjenne brukere (eller husholdninger) på tvers av plattformer eller enheter, slik som smarttelefoner, datamaskiner, nettbrett eller tilhørende nettlesere, for de formålene som er beskrevet i denne personvernerklæringen. Informasjon samlet inn via digital fingeravtrykkslesing og vannmerkingsteknologier kan også brukes for kvalitetskontroll, validering og formål knyttet til oppdaging og forebygging av svindel.
For mer informasjon om typene informasjonskapsler vi bruker, formålene vi bruker informasjonen vi samler inn gjennom informasjonskapsler på, se vårt Verktøy for samtykke til informasjonskapsler
65. Personopplysninger vi behandler i forbindelse med spørreundersøkelser om kunders annonsering
Når du bruker tjenesten for å delta i spørreundersøkelser om spesifikke annonser og kampanjer som RN SSI tester for sine bedriftskunder, kan du se disse annonsene eller kampanjene flere steder, deriblant i mobilapper som ikke tilhører RN SSI mobile (f.eks. i en spill-app).  Når du er blitt eksponert for de relevante annonsene og kampanjene, vil RN SSI gi deg tilgang til, eller kontakte deg for å fullføre, en spørreundersøkelse om disse annonsene eller kampanjene og/eller gi visse demografiske data om deg til annonsøren eller annonsørens agent om de demografiske profilene til personer som har vist annonsen.
For å tilrettelegge gjennomføringen av slike undersøkelser på annonser eller kampanjer, har RN SSI inngått samarbeid med annonsefirmaer som tilbyr, måler eller tilrettelegger annonser, inkludert i andre mobilapper. Applikasjonen/tjenesten tilbyr annonsenettverk med UID, din unike enhetsidentifikator, og annen informasjon samlet inn gjennom automatiserte metoder.  Når du bruker en mobilapp som har samarbeidet med et av annonseselskapene, kan annonseselskapet bruke din unike enhetsidentifikator eller annen automatisk innhentet informasjon for å gjenkjenne enheten din. Annonseselskapet kan da vise deg en annonse eller kampanje som RN SSI tester for en av våre forretningskunder. Annonseselskapet kan da informere RN SSI om at enheten som er tilknyttet din UID, nettopp har mottatt en annonse eller kampanje, slik at RN SSI kan gi deg tilgang til eller kontakte deg for å fullføre en undersøkelse om annonsen eller kampanjen.
66. Personopplysninger levert av tredjeparter
Vi kan samle inn personopplysninger, atferds- og/eller demografiske opplysninger fra tredjeparter, slik som datastyringsplattformer, annonsenettverk, servicebyråer og prøveleverandører. Denne innsamlingen kan omfatte, men er ikke begrenset til, alder, kjønn, geografi, sted, barns tilstedeværelse, mobilannonse-ID, kjøpshistorikk, eksponering til reklame og «look-a-like»-segmenter (speilsegmenter).
2. Hvordan vi kan bruke dine personopplysninger
Vi kan bruke personopplysninger vi samler inn fra eller om deg til en rekke formål, deriblant:
• for å gi deg muligheten til å delta i forskning, inkludert å bli med i et panel, delta i en spørreundersøkelse som administreres av RN SSI eller av tredjeparter (enten som paneldeltaker eller ikke-paneldeltaker), eller bruke nettsteder og mobilapplikasjoner knyttet til paneler eller spørreundersøkelser.
• for å administrere, oppfylle, legge til rette for deltagelse i og kommunisere om RN SSIs belønninger, insentivprogrammer og andre kampanjer, inkludert konkurranser i forbindelse med panelmedlemskap og/eller fullføring av spørreundersøkelser.
• for å kommunisere med deg om medlemskapet ditt i et panel som eies av RN SSI eller for å sende deg varslinger om din deltakelse i en spørreundersøkelse og tilpassede spørreundersøkelsesmuligheter.
• for å sørge for at annonser vises til deg utenfor tjenesten for å tilrettelegge for fullføring av spørreundersøkelser som måler hva slags effekt annonser har.
• for å tilby deg tjenester og annonser som er tilpasset dine kriterier, slik som interesser eller stedsinformasjon, og for å gjøre RN SSI og tredjeparter i stand til å utvikle markedsføringsinnsikt, målgruppe/speilmodeller basert på individuelle og/eller samlede profildata og segmentmålgrupper. Vi kan for eksempel utvikle markedsførings- og annonsekampanjer som målretter personer som har en sosial og demografisk profil som er lik din.
• for å vurdere effektiviteten av nettbasert annonsering og for måling av nettstedspublikum og for å hjelpe til med opprettelse, utvikling og implementering av nettsteder, nettbaserte annonser og andre funksjoner for Internett og digitale medier, funksjonalitet og kampanjer.
• for å sende tilpassede markedsføringsmeldinger om RN SSI og tredjeparters produkter og tjenester.
• for å oppdatere RN SSIs arkiver, utføre dataanalyse for RN SSI-formål eller for våre kunder.
• for å tilby en bedre spørreundersøkelsesopplevelse, inkludert kvalitetskontroll, validering, sporing av fullførte spørreundersøkelser eller andre fullførte handlinger
• for å sørge for sikkerhet og for å oppdage og forebygge svindel
• for å overholde våre juridiske forpliktelser, inkludert, uten begrensning, skattemessige forpliktelser eller på andre måter håndheve eller beskytte våre rettigheter.
• Som ellers tillatt i henhold til denne personvernerklæringen eller som ellers godkjent av deg
Hvis du befinner deg innenfor EØS, kan vi samle inn og bruke dine personopplysninger når:
• du samtykker til bruken av dine personopplysninger. Vi kan for eksempel prøve å få ditt samtykke for vår bruk av informasjonskapsler eller tilsvarende teknologier, for å sende deg markedsføringsmeldinger, eller for å behandle personopplysninger som anses som sensitive i henhold til gjeldende lov.
• Det er nødvendig for å tilby deg produkter og tjenester eller for å svare på forespørslene dine.
• Vi er påkrevd eller autorisert av gjeldende lov til å bruke dine personopplysninger.
• Vi, eller en tredjepart, har en legitim interesse av å bruke dine personopplysninger, som for å sørge for, og forbedre sikkerheten og ytelsen, til våre produkter og tjenester, for å anonymisere personopplysninger og utføre dataanalyser.
4. Hvordan vi deler dine personopplysninger
Vi kan offentliggjøre personopplysningene vi innhenter om deg som beskrevet nedenfor, eller som du ellers blir informert om på tidspunktet for innsamling av dataene, inkludert med:
• våre moder-, datter-, og tilknyttede selskaper for formålene beskrevet i denne personvernerklæringen.
• våre tjenesteleverandører som utfører tjenester og behandler personopplysninger på våre vegne. Eksempler på våre tjenesteleverandører omfatter våre skylagringsleverandører, leverandører av verktøy for forebygging av svindel og plattformer for innsamling av spørreundersøkelsesdata. Vi kan også dele personopplysninger med datameglere og datasamlere som handler etter våre instruksjoner og på våre vegne for å berike vår database for utvikling av innsikt om målgrupper og/eller speilmodeller, analyse og markedsføringskunnskap. Vi krever gjennom kontrakt at disse tjenesteleverandørene kun behandler personopplysninger i henhold til våre instruksjoner og som nødvendig for å utføre tjenester på våre vegne eller for å overholde juridiske krav.  Vi krever også at de har beskyttelsestiltak som er utviklet for å beskytte sikkerheten og konfidensialiteten av personopplysningene de behandler på våre vegne.
• programpartnere som inviterte deg til å bli med i tjenesten og som du har meldt deg på gjennom.
• våre kunder for formål knyttet til markedsundersøkelser (inkludert for opprettelse og validering av modeller, oppdaging og forebygging av svindel, datamarkedsegementering- og matching, samt innløsning, oppfylling og/eller påmelding i forbindelse med belønninger, insentiver og konkurranser), for å gjøre det mulig for dem å utvikle markedsføringskampanjer, målgruppeinnsikt, speilmodeller og/eller for å markedsføre tredjeparts produkter/tjenester til deg, og for å identifisere respondenter som allerede har svart på spørreundersøkelser til å ta nye spørreundersøkelser eller for meldinger.
• vår kunde eller deres kunder, hvis vi tror at du har eller kan ha brutt opphavsretten til en tredjepart eller våre brukervilkår. http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• med en tredjepart i forbindelse med reorganisering, sammenslåing, salg, fellesforetak, tildeling, overføring eller annen disposisjon av alle eller deler av vår virksomhet, aktiva eller aksjer (inkludert i forbindelse med konkurser eller tilsvarende saksanlegg).
• som ellers tillatt i henhold til denne erklæringen eller (i) hvis vi blir pålagt å offentliggjøre personopplysninger om deg av loven eller rettslige skritt, (ii) som svar på en forespørsel fra en domstol, politimyndighet eller statstjenestemenn, eller (iii) når vi mener offentliggjøring er nødvendig eller passende for å hindre fysisk skade eller økonomisk tap, eller i forbindelse med en etterforskning av faktisk svindel eller ulovlig aktivitet.
Vi kan tillate at en kunde samler inn personopplysninger direkte fra deg. Du står fritt til å gi dem dine personopplysninger. I disse situasjonene inngår vi skriftlige avtaler med kundene våre for å, blant annet, begrense deres bruk av personopplysninger.
4. Dine rettigheter og valgmuligheter
Du kan underlagt gjeldende lov ha rett til å:
• fravelge visse innsamlinger og bruk av dine personopplysninger når vi leverer tjenesten. For mer informasjon, logg på kontoen din og endre preferansene dine.
• fravelge innsamling og bruk av viss informasjon, som vi samler inn om deg gjennom automatiserte metoder. I visse jurisdiksjoner kan du utøve valget ditt angående bruken av informasjonskapsler og liknende teknologier via Verktøy for samtykke til informasjonskapsler. Nettleseren kan fortelle deg hvordan du kan bli varslet og fravelge at visse typer informasjonskapsler blir plassert på enheten din. Vær oppmerksom på at uten visse informasjonskapsler vil du kanskje ikke være i stand til å bruke alle funksjonene på våre nettsteder, apper eller nettbaserte tjenester.
• be om tilgang til og motta informasjon om personopplysninger vi oppbevarer om deg, oppdatere og rette unøyaktigheter i personopplysningene, begrense eller komme med innvendinger mot behandlingen av dine personopplysninger, få informasjon anonymisert eller slettet, etter behov, eller til å utøve din rett til dataportabilitet for å enkelt overføre informasjon til et annet selskap. I tillegg kan du også ha rett til å sende inn en klage til en tilsynsmyndighet, inkludert i landet der du bor, jobber eller hvor en hendelse fant sted.
• trekke tilbake eventuelt samtykke du har gitt tidligere i forbindelse med behandlingen av dine personopplysninger, når som helst og vederlagsfritt. Vi kommer til å bruke preferansene dine fremover, og dette vil ikke påvirke lovligheten av behandlingen før din tilbaketrekking av samtykke.
De rettighetene kan i noen tilfeller være begrenset av lokale lovkrav.
Du kan stoppe all innsamling av personopplysninger og annen informasjon av oss ved å avinstallere tjenestene eller avslutte deltakelsen din i alle paneler. Du kan bruke de standard avinstalleringsprosessene som er tilgjengelige som en del av mobilenheten eller via mobilapplikasjonsmarkedet eller nettverket, eller du kan lukke panelkontoen din på panelets side.  Vær oppmerksom på at vi, dersom du sletter mobilapplikasjonen, men opprettholder en profil på ett av våre nettsteder, likevel kan samle inn personopplysninger og andre data fra deg gjennom nettstedene våre. Avinstallering av mobilapplikasjonen vil ikke slette all informasjon som er samlet inn av oss før du avinstallerer tjenestene. For å slette all informasjon som er innsamlet av oss, kontakter du oss som angitt nedenfor.
Hvis du ønsker å utøve rettighetene dine som beskrevet ovenfor eller avslutte kontoen, kontakter du oss som angitt i «Slik kontakter du oss»-delen nedenfor.
5. Datasikkerhet- og oppbevaring
Vi opprettholder passende tekniske, administrative og fysiske beskyttelser for å beskytte personopplysninger og annen informasjon som offentliggjøres eller samles inn av oss mot utilsiktet, ulovlig eller uautorisert destruksjon, tap, endring, tilgang, offentliggjøring eller bruk. Vi gjennomgår, overvåker og evaluerer vår personvernpraksis og beskyttelsessystemer jevnlig. Til tross for de garantier vi implementerer, er overføringer over Internett eller et mobilnett ikke helt sikre, og derfor garanterer vi ikke for sikkerheten til overføringer på nett. Vi er ikke ansvarlig for eventuelle feil av enkeltpersoner ved innsending av personopplysninger til oss.
Vi tar også forholdsregler for å slette dine personopplysninger eller oppbevare dem i en form som ikke tillater at du blir identifisert når denne informasjonen ikke lenger er nødvendig for formålene vi behandler den for, med mindre loven krever at vi oppbevarer denne informasjonen i en lengre tidsperiode. Når vi fastslår oppbevaringsperioden, tar vi hensyn til ulike kriterier, slik som typen produkter eller tjenester forespurt av deg eller levert til deg, karakteren av og lengden på forholdet vårt med deg, mulig ny påmelding til våre produkter eller tjenester, effekten på tjenestene vi leverer til deg hvis vi sletter informasjon fra eller om deg, obligatoriske oppbevaringsperioder fastsatt og loven og foreldelsesfrist.
6. Dataoverføringer
Personopplysningene dine kan overføres til mottakere i andre land enn det landet du bor i, inkludert til USA, hvor Research Nows moderselskap og Survey Sampling International har hovedkvarter. Disse landene har ikke det samme datavernet som det landet du opprinnelig oppgav informasjon i. Når vi overfører dine personopplysninger til andre land, kommer vi til å beskytte den informasjonen som beskrevet i denne personvernerklæringen eller som meddelt deg på det tidspunktet da informasjonen ble samlet inn.
Hvis du befinner deg innenfor EØS eller Sveits, overholder vi gjeldende juridiske krav som gir tilstrekkelig beskyttelse for overføring av personopplysninger til tredjeparter.
7. Do Not Track
Do Not Track («DNT») er en preferanse i nettleseren din som du kan stille inn til å varsle nettsteder du besøker at du ikke vil at disse skal samle inn visse opplysninger om deg. RN SSI responderer ikke på DNT-signaler. Hvis du protesterer mot RN SSIs praksis med henhold til DNT-signaler, kan du melde deg ut av slik deltakelse eller bruk av RN SSIs tjenester som beskrevet under.
I forbindelse med RN SSIs online annonseringseffektivitetsprogram, tillater RN SSI sine underleverandører, partnere og/eller klienter å droppe, angi og/eller skrive tredjepartsteknologi for å legge til rette for publikumsmåling og annonseundersøkelsesaktiviteter. RN SSI er ikke ansvarlig for tredjeparters etterlevelse med eller svar på DNT-signaler.
8. Ingen barn
Tjenesten er ikke utviklet for eller tiltenkt for bruk av noen person under 16 år. Vi samler ikke bevisst inn personopplysninger fra barn under 16 år, og hvis vi blir oppmerksom på at vi ved et uhell har samlet inn personopplysninger fra et barn under 16 år, vil vi gjøre en rimelig kommersiell innsats for å slette slike personopplysninger.
9. Oppdateringer til denne personvernerklæringen
Denne globale personvernerklæringen kan oppdateres for å gjenspeile endringer i vår personopplysningspraksis. Vi kommer til å poste en fremtredende melding på relevante nettsteder for å varsle deg om eventuelle betydelige endringer til vår globale personvernerklæring og angi øverst på meldingen når den sist ble oppdatert. Hvis vi oppdaterer vår globale personvernerklæring, kan vi under visse omstendigheter be om ditt samtykke.
10. Slik kontakter du oss
Hvis du har noen spørsmål eller kommentarer om personvernpraksisen vår eller denne personvernerklæringen, eller hvis du ønsker å fravelge visse typer bruk av dine personopplysninger, utøve rettighetene dine i relasjon til personopplysningene vi oppbevarer om deg eller sende inn en klage om vår personvernpraksis, må du gjerne kontakte Research Now Limited eller Survey Sampling International LLC som beskrevet nedenfor.
• Research Now Limited: skriv til oss påprivacy@surveysampling.com  eller til 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF, attn: Datavern-medarbeider.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: skriv til oss på privacy@surveysampling.com eller til 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 United States.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Polityka prywatności
Pierwsza data wejścia w życie:  2010-01-01
Ta wersja: Data wejścia w życie:  2018-05-19
Polityka prywatności opisuje sposób, w jaki Research Now Limited i Survey Sampling International LLC, a także ich podmioty nadrzędne, podrzędne i stowarzyszone (wspólnie nazywane „RN SSI”, „my”, „nas” lub „nasze”) przetwarzają Dane osobowe w kontekście społeczności panelistów online, ankiet, programów nagród, witryn internetowych i aplikacji mobilnych (wspólnie nazywanych „Usługą”). W szczególności opisuje ona rodzaje zbieranych przez nas Danych osobowych w połączeniu z Usługą, cele, dla których zbieramy takie Dane osobowe, a także inne podmioty, którym możemy je udostępniać, jak również środki, które wykorzystujemy celem zapewnienia bezpieczeństwa przedmiotowych danych. W Polityce opisano również prawa i możliwości wyboru użytkownika w odniesieniu do Danych osobowych oraz kanały kontaktu z nami w celu aktualizowania danych bądź zadania pytań w związku z naszymi praktykami dotyczącymi prywatności.
Polityka prywatności nie dotyczy przetwarzania Danych osobowych użytkownika w przypadku ankiet administrowanych przez strony trzecie. W takich sytuacjach RN SSI nie jest sponsorem ankiety, a instrument, wyniki lub dane ankiety są i będą podlegały kontroli sponsora ankiety. Aby dowiedzieć się więcej o praktykach danego sponsora w zakresie prywatności, należy zapoznać się z polityką prywatności tego sponsora.
Rejestracja w Usługach, korzystanie z nich i uzyskiwanie do nich dostępu podlegają niniejszej Polityce prywatności oraz naszym
1. Dane osobowe na temat użytkowników, które możemy zbierać
Dane osobowe zbieramy na różne sposoby opisane poniżej. Dla celów niniejszej Polityki prywatności „Dane osobowe” oznaczają wszelkie informacje dotyczące zidentyfikowanej lub możliwej do zidentyfikowania osoby. Gdy jest to uzasadnione, informujemy o tym, czy i dlaczego użytkownik musi podać nam swoje Dane osobowe, a także o konsekwencjach niepodania ich nam. Jeśli użytkownik nie poda nam swoich Danych osobowych, gdy o nie poprosimy, może nie móc skorzystać z Usługi, jeśli są to informacje niezbędne do świadczenia Usługi lub jeśli mamy obowiązek prawny ich posiadania.
67. Dane osobowe dostarczane przez użytkownika
Możemy poprosić użytkowników o podanie określonych Danych osobowych przy rejestracji konta w naszych witrynach lub aplikacjach mobilnych, w tym imienia i nazwiska, adresu, adresu e-mail, numeru telefonu, daty urodzenia, zawodu, wykształcenia czy płci.
Dodatkowo możemy zbierać informacje, które użytkownik podaje w panelu, gdy bierze udział w ankiecie lub w związku z odbiorem lub wykorzystaniem nagród bądź zachęt. Takie informacje obejmują unikalny numer identyfikacyjny panelisty/respondenta, który przypisujemy użytkownikom podczas rejestracji konta, a także odpowiedzi podawane przy wypełnianiu ankiety. W takich sytuacjach użytkownik może podać wrażliwe Dane osobowe, na przykład dane dotyczące stanu zdrowia, orientacji seksualnej lub życia seksualnego, poglądów politycznych, przynależności rasowej/pochodzenia etnicznego, przekonań religijnych i filozoficznych, a także przynależności do związków zawodowych. Jeśli wymaga tego prawo, do przetwarzania wrażliwych Danych osobowych potrzebujemy wyraźnej zgody użytkownika. Możemy też zbierać treści, które użytkownik przesyła podczas korzystania z Usługi, takie jak zdjęcia i filmy.
68. Dane dotyczące lokalizacji
Dane dotyczące lokalizacji zbieramy do wyżej wymienionych celów po uzyskaniu zgody użytkownika. Jeśli użytkownik nie chce dłużej udostępniać swoich danych geolokacyjnych, powinien zmienić ustawienia prywatności na swoim urządzeniu. Jeśli wymaga tego prawo, przed udostępnieniem danych dotyczących lokalizacji stronom trzecim musimy uzyskać zgodę użytkownika.
69. Konta w mediach społecznościowych
Użytkownik może także mieć możliwość dostępu do Usług za pośrednictwem platform mediów społecznościowych usługodawców zewnętrznych. W przypadku chęci korzystania z Usługi w ten sposób możemy zbierać określone informacje profilowe przechowywane na koncie użytkownika w mediach społecznościowych, takie jak imię i nazwisko, płeć czy adres e-mail.
70. Dane osobowe pozyskiwane metodami zautomatyzowanymi
Podczas korzystania przez użytkownika z Usługi możemy zbierać określone informacje metodami zautomatyzowanymi, takimi jak pliki cookie czy podobne technologie. Pliki cookie to małe pliki przechowujące określone informacje na urządzeniu. Pliki cookie tworzą unikalny identyfikator, który jest skojarzony z przeglądarką internetową użytkownika. Sesyjne pliki cookie tracą ważność po zamknięciu przeglądarki, natomiast trwałe pliki cookie pozostają na urządzeniu do momentu ich usunięcia lub do chwili osiągnięcia przez nie określonej z góry daty ważności.
Informacje, które zbieramy za pomocą plików cookie i podobnych technologii, to informacje o urządzeniu użytkownika oraz jego możliwościach, w tym informacje obejmujące między innymi typ urządzenia i system operacyjny, inne aplikacje zainstalowane na urządzeniu, operatora sieci i dostawcę usług internetowych, strefę czasową, stan sieci, rodzaj przeglądarki, strony odsyłające/strony wyjścia, system operacyjny, znacznik daty/czasu, dane na temat kliknięć, a także unikalne numery identyfikacyjne, takie jak adres IP urządzenia, unikalny numer identyfikacyjny urządzenia, adres MAC lub identyfikator przeglądarki. Do zbierania powyższych informacji możemy też korzystać z technologii podpisu cyfrowego lub znaków wodnych.
Możemy także zbierać informacje z określonych aplikacji i funkcji dostępnych na urządzeniu użytkownika, jeśli otrzymamy zgodę na dostęp do nich. Takie informacje obejmują liczbę i rodzaj zainstalowanych aplikacji, powiadomienia push, aparat, mikrofon, dostęp do biblioteki zdjęć, dostęp do plików,
Używamy tych informacji do poprawy Usługi, oceniając, ilu użytkowników uzyskuje dostęp do Usługi i korzysta z niej, jakie treści, produkty i funkcje naszej Usługi budzą największe zainteresowanie odwiedzających, jakie rodzaje ofert interesują naszych klientów, a także jak działa nasza Usługa z technicznego punktu widzenia.
W niektórych przypadkach możemy wykorzystywać informacje zgromadzone automatycznie w połączeniu z innymi informacjami, aby rozpoznać użytkowników (lub gospodarstwa domowe) na wszystkich platformach lub urządzeniach, takich jak smartfony, komputery, tablety lub powiązane przeglądarki, w celach określonych w niniejszej Polityce prywatności. Informacje zbierane za pomocą technologii cyfrowego odcisku palca i znaków wodnych mogą też być wykorzystywane do celów kontroli jakości, uwierzytelniania, a także wykrywania oszustw i zapobiegania im.
Aby uzyskać więcej informacji na temat rodzajów wykorzystywanych przez nas plików cookie oraz celów, w jakich wykorzystujemy informacje zebrane za ich pomocą, należy zapoznać się z Narzędziem zgody na używanie plików cookie.
71. Dane osobowe, które przetwarzamy w związku z ankietami na temat reklam klientów
Gdy użytkownik korzysta z Usługi do wzięcia udziału w ankietach na temat konkretnych reklam i promocji, które RN SSI bada dla swoich klientów biznesowych, takie reklamy i promocje mogą być wyświetlane użytkownikowi w różnych miejscach, w tym w aplikacjach mobilnych, innych niż dostarczane przez RN SSI (np. w aplikacjach z grami). Gdy użytkownik zobaczy odpowiednie reklamy lub promocje, RN SSI przyzna my dostęp lub skontaktuje się z nim w celu wypełnienia ankiety na temat tych reklam i promocji i/lub może dostarczyć reklamodawcy lub jego przedstawicielowi określone dane demograficzne na temat osób, które widziały daną reklamę.
Aby ułatwić wypełnienie takich ankiet dotyczących reklam lub promocji, RN SSI podjęła współpracę z firmami reklamowymi, które zapewniają, monitorują lub ułatwiają wyświetlanie reklam również w różnych aplikacjach mobilnych. Aplikacja/Usługi udostępniają sieciom reklamowym identyfikator UID, czyli unikalny identyfikator urządzenia oraz inne informacje zebrane zautomatyzowanymi metodami. Następnie, kiedy użytkownik korzysta z aplikacji mobilnej, która współpracuje z jedną z firm reklamowych, taka firma reklamowa może wykorzystać unikalny identyfikator urządzenia użytkownika lub inne informacje zebrane w zautomatyzowany sposób, aby rozpoznać urządzenie użytkownika. Firma reklamowa może wówczas wyświetlić użytkownikowi reklamę lub promocję analizowaną przez RN SSI dla jednego z naszych klientów biznesowych. Firma reklamowa może także poinformować RN SSI, że urządzenie związane z identyfikatorem UID właśnie otrzymało reklamę lub promocję, co pozwoli RN SSI na udzielenie użytkownikowi dostępu lub skontaktowanie się z nim w celu wypełnienia ankiety dotyczącej owej reklamy lub promocji.
72. Dane osobowe dostarczane przez strony trzecie
Możemy pozyskiwać Dane osobowe, dane na temat zachowań i/lub dane demograficzne od stron trzecich, w tym między innymi z platform zarządzania danymi, sieci reklamowych, od firm świadczących usługi informatyczne oraz innych dostawców usług związanych z przeprowadzaniem badań sondażowych. Mogą to być dane obejmujące między innymi wiek, płeć, lokalizację geograficzną, obecność dzieci, identyfikatory reklamowe urządzeń mobilnych, historię zakupów, wyświetlane reklamy czy podobne segmenty.
2. Jak możemy wykorzystywać Dane osobowe użytkowników
Dane osobowe uzyskane od użytkowników lub na temat użytkowników możemy wykorzystywać na szereg sposobów, w tym:
• Do oferowania możliwości uczestnictwa w badaniach, w tym dołączenia do panelu, udziału w ankietach administrowanych przez RN SSI lub strony trzecie (czy to jako członek panelu, czy członek nienależący do panelu), a także używania naszych witryn i aplikacji mobilnych powiązanych z panelami lub ankietami.
• Do administrowania, zarządzania, przeprowadzania, ułatwiania dostępu i przekazywania informacji o programach zachęt i nagród RN SSI oraz innych promocjach, w tym loteriach losowych oferowanych w związku z uczestnictwem w panelu i/lub wypełnianiem ankiet.
• Do komunikacji z użytkownikiem w związku z jego udziałem w panelu będącym własnością RN SSI bądź do wysyłania powiadomień na temat udziału w ankiecie lub dostępnych dopasowanych ankietach.
• Do umożliwienia wyświetlania użytkownikowi reklam poza Usługą w celu ułatwienia wypełnienia ankiet dotyczących znajomości reklam.
• Do dostarczania użytkownikowi dopasowanych Usług i reklam na podstawie określonych kryteriów, takich jak zainteresowania czy informacje na temat lokalizacji oraz do umożliwienia RN SSI i stronom trzecim opracowania opinii marketingowych, modeli podobnych odbiorców w oparciu o szczegółowe i/lub zagregowane dane profilowe, a także do segmentowania odbiorców. Na przykład możemy opracować kampanie marketingowe i reklamowe kierowane do osób, których profil społecznościowy i demograficzny jest podobny do profilu użytkownika.
• Do badania efektywności reklam online i mierzenia grup odbiorców, a także pomagania w tworzeniu, rozwoju oraz wprowadzaniu stron internetowych, reklam online oraz innych funkcji i kampanii internetowych oraz cyfrowych.
• Do wysyłania dopasowanych komunikatów marketingowych na temat produktów i usług RN SSI i stron trzecich.
• Do aktualizowania dokumentów RN SSI i przeprowadzania analiz danych dla celów RN SSI lub naszych klientów.
• Do zapewniania lepszych doświadczeń związanych z ankietami, w tym do kontroli jakości, uwierzytelniania, śledzenia ukończonych ankiet i innych wykonanych zadań.
• Do zapewniania bezpieczeństwa i wykrywania oszustw oraz zapobiegania im.
• Do zachowania zgodności z obowiązkami prawnymi, w tym między innymi obowiązkiem podatkowym oraz do egzekwowania lub zabezpieczania naszych praw.
• W inny sposób dozwolony przez niniejszą Politykę prywatności lub w sposób, na który otrzymaliśmy upoważnienie użytkownika.
W przypadku użytkowników z Europejskiego Obszaru Gospodarczego możemy zbierać i przetwarzać ich dane osobowy, gdy:
• Zgodzą się na wykorzystywanie ich Danych osobowych. Na przykład będziemy prosić o zgodę na używanie przez nas plików cookie lub innych podobnych technologii, wysyłanie wiadomości marketingowych oraz przetwarzanie Danych osobowych klasyfikowanych jako wrażliwe w świetle obowiązującego prawa.
• Jest to niezbędne do dostarczania użytkownikom produktów i usług lub reagowania na ich zapytania.
• Jesteśmy zobowiązani lub uprawnieni w świetle obowiązującego prawa do przetwarzania Danych osobowych użytkowników.
• My lub strona trzecia mamy uzasadniony interes w przetwarzaniu Danych osobowych użytkowników, np. w celu zapewnienia i poprawy bezpieczeństwa, jakości naszych produktów i usług, anonimizacji Danych osobowych lub przeprowadzania analiz danych.
4. Jak udostępniamy Dane osobowe użytkowników
Możemy ujawniać Dane osobowe na temat użytkowników w sposób opisany poniżej lub w inny sposób, o którym poinformujemy użytkowników w momencie zbierania takich danych, w tym:
• Naszym spółkom nadrzędnym, podrzędnym i stowarzyszonym dla celów opisanych w niniejszej Polityce prywatności.
• Naszym dostawcom usług, którzy dostarczają usługi i przetwarzają Dane osobowe w naszym imieniu. Przykładowi dostawcy usług, z którymi współpracujemy, to dostawcy usług chmurowych, dostawcy narzędzi do zwalczania oszustw czy platformy do zbierania danych z ankiet. Możemy również udostępniać Dane osobowe brokerom i agregatorom danych, którzy działając zgodnie z naszymi instrukcjami i w naszym imieniu dodają je do naszych baz danych w celu opracowania wniosków na temat odbiorców i/lub modeli podobnych odbiorców, w celach analitycznych oraz do przeprowadzania wywiadów marketingowych. Zobowiązujemy takich dostawców usług na mocy zawieranych umów do przetwarzania Danych osobowych zgodnie z naszymi instrukcjami oraz w sposób niezbędny do świadczenia usług w naszym imieniu i zachowania zgodności z wymogami prawnymi. Co więcej, wymagamy od nich również używania zabezpieczeń stworzonych do zapewnienia bezpieczeństwa i poufności Danych osobowych, które przetwarzają w naszym imieniu.
• Partnerom, którzy zaprosili użytkowników do dołączenia do Usługi i za pośrednictwem których użytkownik przeprowadził rejestrację.
• Naszym klientom na potrzeby związane z badaniami rynku (w tym do tworzenia i oceny modeli, do zapobiegania oszustwom i wykrywania przypadków oszustw, do segmentacji danych oraz dostosowywania baz danych, do celów realizacji nagród i zachęt i/lub udziału w loteriach), aby umożliwić im opracowywanie kampanii marketingowych, identyfikację grup odbiorców, grup podobnych odbiorców i/lub dostarczanie produktów/usług użytkownikom, a także dla celów identyfikacji respondentów na potrzeby ponownego kontaktu lub wypełnienia ankiety.
• Naszym klientom i ich klientom, jeśli uznamy, że użytkownik naruszył lub mógł naruszyć prawa własności intelektualnej strony trzeciej bądź nasze Warunki usługi. http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Stronom trzecim w związku z reorganizacją, fuzją, sprzedażą, przedsięwzięciem joint venture, cesją, przeniesieniem lub inną formą zmiany przeznaczenia całości lub części naszej firmy, jej aktywów lub udziałów (w tym w związku z postępowaniem upadłościowym i podobnymi postępowaniami).
• W inny sposób dozwolony w świetle niniejszej Polityki prywatności lub (i) jeśli zostaniemy zobowiązani do ujawnienia Danych osobowych użytkownika przez prawo lub postępowanie prawne, (ii) w reakcji na wniosek sądu, organów ścigania lub urzędników państwowych oraz (iii) jeśli uznamy, że ujawnienie jest konieczne lub właściwe, aby zapobiec fizycznym szkodom lub stratom finansowym bądź w związku z dochodzeniem lub faktycznymi bądź podejrzewanymi oszustwami lub nielegalnymi działaniami.
Możemy też umożliwić klientom zbieranie Danych osobowych bezpośrednio od użytkowników. Użytkownicy mogą dostarczać im swoje Dane osobowe. W takich sytuacjach zawieramy pisemne umowy z naszymi klientami, które między innymi zobowiązują ich do ograniczonego wykorzystywania Danych osobowych.
4. Prawa i wybory użytkowników
Zgodnie z obowiązującymi przepisami prawa użytkownik może mieć prawo do:
• Rezygnacji ze zbierania i wykorzystywania przez nas niektórych Danych osobowych podczas świadczenia Usługi. Aby uzyskać więcej informacji, należy zalogować się na swoje konto i zmienić odpowiednie preferencje.
• Rezygnacji ze zbierania i wykorzystywania przez nas niektórych informacji, które zbieramy w sposób zautomatyzowany. W niektórych jurysdykcjach użytkownik może skorzystać z Narzędzia zgody na używanie plików cookie , aby określić swoje preferencje dotyczące plików cookie i podobnych technologii. Niektóre przeglądarki informują o tym, jak otrzymywać powiadomienia oraz rezygnować z zapisywania określonych plików cookie na urządzeniu. Należy pamiętać, że bez niektórych plików cookie może nie być możliwe korzystanie ze wszystkich funkcji w naszych witrynach, aplikacjach lub usługach online.
• Poproszenia o dostęp oraz otrzymywania informacji na temat Danych osobowych użytkownika, które przechowujemy, aktualizowania i poprawiania nieścisłości w swoich Danych osobowych, ograniczania lub niewyrażenia zgody na przetwarzanie swoich Danych osobowych, w zależności od sytuacji anonimizacji lub usunięcia swoich danych, a także do skorzystania z prawa do przenoszenia informacji, aby bezproblemowo przenieść swoje dane do innej firmy. Co więcej, użytkownik może mieć prawo do złożenia skargi do organów nadzorczych, w tym w swoim kraju zamieszkania, miejscu pracy lub w kraju, w którym doszło do incydentu.
• Wycofania wszelkich zgód, które wcześniej wyraził w odniesieniu do przetwarzania swoich Danych osobowych – w dowolnym momencie i bez opłat. Zastosujemy preferencje użytkownika do naszych działań w przyszłości, jednak nie będzie to miało wpływu na prawidłowość przetwarzania przez nas danych przed wycofaniem zgody.
Prawa te mogą być w określonych okolicznościach ograniczone przez lokalne przepisy prawa.
Użytkownik może zablokować gromadzenie wszelkich danych osobowych i innych informacji poprzez odinstalowanie Usług lub zakończenie uczestnictwa w panelach. Można wykorzystać standardowy proces odinstalowywania dostępny w urządzeniu mobilnym lub skorzystać z pomocy w punktach obsługi aplikacji mobilnych lub operatora sieci. Swoje konto panelisty można również zamknąć na stronie panelu. Należy pamiętać, że w przypadku usunięcia aplikacji mobilnej, ale zachowania profilu na jednej z naszych stron, możemy w dalszym ciągu gromadzić Dane osobowe i inne o użytkowniku za pośrednictwem naszych stron. Odinstalowanie aplikacji mobilnej nie spowoduje usunięcia wszystkich informacji zebranych przez nas przed odinstalowaniem Usług. Aby usunąć zebrane przez nas informacje, należy skontaktować się z nami, jak określono poniżej.
W przypadku chęci skorzystania z praw opisanych powyżej lub zamknięcia konta prosimy o kontakt zgodnie z opisem w części „Jak się z nami skontaktować” poniżej.
5. Bezpieczeństwo i przechowywanie danych
Utrzymujemy odpowiednie zabezpieczenia techniczne, administracyjne oraz fizyczne mające na celu zapewnienie Danym osobowym i innym informacjom ujawnionym nam lub zebranym przez nas ochrony przed przypadkowym, niezgodnym z prawem oraz nieuprawnionym zniszczeniem, utraceniem, zmienieniem, dostępem, ujawnieniem oraz wykorzystaniem. Regularnie sprawdzamy, monitorujemy i oceniamy nasze praktyki dotyczące prywatności oraz systemy ochrony. Należy jednak pamiętać, że pomimo wdrożonych zabezpieczeń transmisje przez Internet lub sieci mobilne nie są w pełni bezpieczne i dlatego nie możemy zagwarantować bezpieczeństwa takich transmisji. Nie odpowiadamy za błędy popełnione przez użytkownika w czasie przesyłania Danych osobowych do nas.
Dodatkowo dysponujemy środkami do usunięcia Danych osobowych użytkownika lub przechowywania ich w formie uniemożliwiającej identyfikację użytkownika, gdy już nie są potrzebne dla celów, w których je przetwarzamy, chyba że mamy obowiązek prawny przechowywania ich przez dłuższy okres. Przy określaniu okresu przechowywania bierzemy pod uwagę różne kryteria, takie jak rodzaj produktów i usług, o które prosi użytkownik lub które mu dostarczamy, charakter i długość naszej relacji z użytkownikiem, możliwość ponownej rejestracji użytkownika w naszych produktach lub usługach, wpływ usunięcia niektórych informacji o użytkowniku na nasze usługi dostarczane użytkownikowi, obowiązkowe okresy przechowywania wymagane w świetle prawa, a także okresy przedawnienia.
6. Przesyłanie danych
Dane osobowe użytkownika mogą być przesyłane do odbiorców z krajów innych niż kraj użytkownika, w tym do Stanów Zjednoczonych, gdzie mieszczą się siedziby Survey Sampling International oraz firmy nadrzędnej Research Now. W krajach tych mogą obowiązywać inne przepisy ochrony danych niż w kraju, w którym dane zostały dostarczone przez użytkownika. W przypadku przesyłania Danych osobowych użytkownika do innych krajów chronimy je w sposób opisany w niniejszej Polityce prywatności lub w sposób przedstawiony użytkownikowi podczas zbierania danych.
W przypadku użytkowników z Europejskiego Obszaru Gospodarczego i Szwajcarii przestrzegamy obowiązujących wymogów prawnych, zapewniając stosowne zabezpieczenia przy przesyłaniu Danych osobowych do innych krajów.
7. Nie śledź
„Nie śledź” (Do Not Track, „DNT”) jest preferencją w przeglądarce, którą można ustawić, aby powiadamiać strony internetowe, które się odwiedza, że nie chce się, aby pobierały one pewne informacje na temat użytkownika. RN SSI nie reaguje na sygnały DNT. W przypadku sprzeciwu dotyczącego praktyki RN SSI odnośnie do sygnałów DNT można zrezygnować z udziału lub korzystania z usług RN SSI, jak opisano poniżej.
W związku z programem efektywności reklam online RN SSI udziela zgody podwykonawcom, partnerom i/lub klientom na umieszczanie, ustawianie i/lub zapisywanie technologii stron trzecich dla celów ułatwiania pomiarów grupy docelowej oraz wykonywania czynności związanych z ankietami odnośnie do znajomości reklamy. RN SSI nie jest odpowiedzialna za postępowanie jakiejkolwiek strony trzeciej zgodne lub będące reakcją na sygnały DNT.
8. Zakaz zbierania danych od dzieci
Usługa nie została stworzona dla osób poniżej szesnastego (16) roku życia ani nie jest przeznaczona do użytku przez takie osoby. Nigdy świadomie nie zbieramy Danych osobowych od dzieci poniżej szesnastego (16) roku życia. Jeśli dowiemy się, że nieumyślnie zebraliśmy dane osobowe od osób poniżej szesnastego (16) roku życia, podejmiemy uzasadnione wysiłki, aby usunąć takie Dane osobowe.
9. Zmiany w niniejszej Polityce prywatności
Niniejsze Globalne oświadczenie nt. prywatności może być okresowo aktualizowane celem odzwierciedlenia zmian w naszych praktykach dotyczących Danych osobowych. Na odpowiednich stronach zamieścimy widoczne zawiadomienie informujące o istotnych zmianach w naszym Globalnym oświadczeniu nt. prywatności, na górze oświadczenia podając, kiedy zostały wprowadzone ostatnie zmiany. W niektórych sytuacjach po zaktualizowaniu naszego Globalnego oświadczenia nt. prywatności możemy poprosić o jego akceptację.
10. Jak się z nami skontaktować
W przypadku pytań lub uwag dotyczących naszych praktyk z zakresu ochrony prywatności lub niniejszej Polityki prywatności, chęci wycofania zgody na wykorzystywanie Państwa Danych osobowych, skorzystania z prawa do Danych osobowych, którymi dysponujemy, lub chęci złożenia skargi na nasze praktyki z zakresu ochrony prywatności, prosimy o kontakt z Research Now Limited lub Survey Sampling International LLC, jak opisano poniżej.
• Research Now Limited: można wysłać do nas wiadomość na adres privacy@surveysampling.com lub na adres 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, Londyn, Wielka Brytania, EC4V 4BF, Do wiadomości: Specjalista ds. ochrony danych.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: można wysłać do nas wiadomość na adres privacy@surveysampling.com lub na adres 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 Stany Zjednoczone.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Política de Privacidade
Entrada em vigor:  2010-01-01
Esta versão: Entrada em vigor 2018-05-19
A Política de Privacidade descreve como a Research Now Limited e a Survey Sampling International LLC e as suas empresas-mãe, subsidiárias e afiliadas (no conjunto, designadas por “RN SSI”, “Nós”, “nos” ou “as nossas”) processa os Dados Pessoais no contexto das comunidades do painel online, inquéritos, programas de prémios, websites e aplicações móveis (no conjunto, designados por “Serviço”). Descreve, em particular, os tipos de Dados Pessoais que recolhemos relativamente ao Serviço, as finalidades da recolha que fazemos desses dados Dados Pessoais, terceiros com quem os partilhamos e as medidas que tomamos para proteger esses mesmos dados. Informa-o igualmente sobre os seus direitos e opções quanto aos seus Dados Pessoais, e como nos pode contactar para atualizar os seus contactos ou colocar questões acerca das nossas práticas de privacidade.
Esta Política de Privacidade não se aplica ao processamento dos seus Dados Pessoais no contexto de inquéritos administrados por terceiros. Nessas situações, a RN SSI não é o promotor do inquérito e o instrumento do inquérito, e os resultados do inquérito ou os dados do inquérito são e serão propriedade do promotor do inquérito. Consulte a Política de Privacidade do respetivo promotor para saber mais acerca das práticas de privacidade do promotor.
O registo, a utilização e o acesso ao Serviço fica sujeito a esta Política de Privacidade e aos nossos Termos e Condições.
1. Dados Pessoais que podem ser recolhidos acerca de si
Recolhemos os Dados Pessoais nas várias formas descritas abaixo.  Para os fins desta Política de Privacidade, “Dados Pessoais” significa toda a informação relacionada com uma pessoa identificada ou identificável. Sempre que aplicável, indicamos se ou por que necessitamos que nos forneça os seus Dados Pessoais, assim como as consequências caso o não pretenda fazer. No caso de não fornecer os seus Dados Pessoais quando solicitado, poderá não ser capaz de beneficiar do Serviço se essa informação for necessária para lhe prestar o Serviço ou se alegadamente nos for solicitado que os recolhamos.
73. Dados Pessoais fornecidos por si
Solicitamos-lhe que nos forneça certos Dados Pessoais quando se regista numa conta nos nossos websites ou numa aplicação móvel, incluindo o seu nome, endereço, endereço de e-mail, telefone, data de nascimento, ocupação, formação académica e sexo.
Recolhemos, além disso, Dados Pessoais que nos forneça no contexto de um painel, quando participa num inquérito ou em relação com a receção e resgate de prémios e incentivos. Entre essas informações, conta-se um número de identificação respondente/panelista único que lhe atribuímos quando se regista pela primeira vez numa conta e as suas respostas ao inquérito. Neste contexto, poderá optar por nos dar Dados Pessoais sensíveis acerca de si, como Dados Pessoais que divulguem ou revelem condições de saúde e médicas, orientação sexual ou vida sexual, opiniões/pontos de vista políticas, raça/etnia, crenças religiosas e filosóficas e associação em sindicato. Sempre que a lei o exija, obtemos o seu consentimento explícito para o processamento dos seus Dados Pessoais confidenciais. Podemos ainda recolher conteúdo que envie, carregue ou transmita quando utiliza o Serviço, como fotos e vídeos.
74. Dados sobre localização
Podemos solicitar a sua autorização para obter informações de localização a partir do seu dispositivo móvel. Podemos utilizar a informação da sua localização para lhe dar a opção de participar em inquéritos baseados na localização e estudos de mercado, ou para partilhar esses dados de localização com clientes terceiros, a fim de demonstrar certos padrões de tráfego de localização dos participantes, incluindo, mas não se limitando, à compra de comportamentos baseada nas localizações visitadas.
Recolhemos informação sobre a sua localização para os fins acima referidos com o seu consentimento. Na eventualidade de desejar interromper a partilha da informação de geo-localização connosco, altere as configurações de privacidade no seu dispositivo.  Sempre que a lei o exija, obtemos o seu consentimento explícito para partilhar a sua informação de localização com terceiros.
75. Contas nas redes sociais
Pode ser-lhe fornecida também a oportunidade de aceder ao Serviço através de plataformas de redes sociais de terceiros. Se optar por aceder aos Serviços desta forma, podemos recolher certas informações de perfil guardadas na sua conta das redes sociais, como nome, sexo e endereço de e-mail.
76. Dados Pessoais obtidos por meios informáticos
Quando utiliza o Serviço, podemos recolher certas informações por meios informáticos, como cookies e tecnologias equivalentes. Os cookies são pequenos ficheiros que armazenam determinados dados num dispositivo. Os cookies criam uma ID única associada ao seu motor de navegação. Os cookies de sessão expiram quando encerra o seu motor de navegação, enquanto que os cookies persistentes permanecem no seu dispositivo até serem eliminados ou quando atingem uma determinada data de validade.
A informação que recolhemos através dos cookies e tecnologias equivalentes podem incluir informação sobre o seu dispositivo e suas capacidades, incluindo o tipo de dispositivo e sistema operativo, outras aplicações no seu dispositivo, fornecedor de rede e Internet, fuso horário, estado da rede, tipo de motor de navegação, páginas consultadas/de onde saiu, sistema operativo, data/tempo, dados de cliques feitos e números de identificação únicos, como o endereço de IP do seu dispositivo, número de identificação único do dispositivo, endereço do Media Access Control (MAC) ou identificador do motor de navegação. Podemos igualmente utilizar impressões digitais e tecnologias de marca de água para recolher esta informação.
Podemos igualmente recolher informações de certas aplicações e funcionalidades disponíveis no seu dispositivo se a elas nos der acesso. Essas informações incluem o número e tipo de aplicações instaladas, notificações via Push, câmara, microfone, biblioteca de imagens, acesso ao arquivo de ficheiros,
Utilizamos estas informações para melhorar o Serviço analisando quantos utilizadores têm acesso ou utilizam o Serviço, que conteúdos, produtos e funcionalidades do nosso Serviço são de maior interesse para os nossos visitantes, que tipos de ofertas os nossos clientes preferem ver, e como o nosso Serviço executa do ponto de vista técnico.
Em alguns casos, podemos utilizar estas informações por meios informáticos, juntamente com outras informações, para reconhecer utilizadores (ou agregados familiares) nas plataformas ou dispositivos, como smartphones, computadores, tablets ou motores de navegação respetivos, para os fins descritos nesta Política de Privacidade. As informações recolhidas por impressão digital e tecnologias de marca de água podem também ser utilizadas para controlo de qualidade, validação ou deteção de fraude e para efeitos de prevenção.
Para saber mais acerca dos tipos de cookies que usamos, os fins para que usamos as informações recolhidas através de cookies, consulte a Ferramenta de Consentimento de Cookies.
77. Dados Pessoais que processamos relativos ao inquérito acerca de publicidade de clientes
Quando utiliza o Serviço para participar em inquéritos referentes a anúncios e promoções concretas que a RN SSI está a testar para os seus clientes comerciais, pode ver esses anúncios ou promoções em diversos sítios, incluindo em aplicações móveis que não são da RN SSI (por ex., numa aplicação de jogos).  Depois de ter estado exposto a esses anúncios e promoções, a RN SSI dar-lhe-á acesso, ou contactá-lo-á, para preencher um inquérito acerca desses anúncios ou promoções e/ou pode fornecer certos dados demográficos sobre si ao anunciante ou ao agente do anunciante quanto aos perfis demográficos das pessoas que viram o anúncio.
Para facilitar o preenchimento dos inquéritos sobre anúncios ou promoções, a RN SSI estabeleceu parcerias com empresas publicitárias com vista a fornecer, avaliar ou facilitar anúncios, incluindo noutras aplicações móveis. A Aplicação/O Serviço fornece redes publicitárias com a UID, o seu identificador de dispositivo único (UID, Unique Device Identifier) e outras informações recolhidas por meios informáticos.  Pelo que, quando utiliza uma aplicação móvel que emparelhou com outra das empresas publicitárias, a empresa publicitária pode usar o seu número de identificador único (UID) ou outra informação recolhida automaticamente para reconhecer o seu dispositivo. A empresa publicitária pode então mostrar-lhe um anúncio ou uma promoção que a RN SSI esteja a ponderar para um dos seus clientes comerciais. A empresa publicitária pode então informar a RN SSI de que o dispositivo associado à sua UID acabou de receber um anúncio ou uma promoção, o que permite à RN SSI dar-lhe acesso, ou contactá-lo, ao preenchimento de um inquérito relativo ao anúncio ou à promoção.
78. Dados Pessoais fornecidos por terceiros
Podemos obter os Dados Pessoais, informações comportamental e/ou demográfica de terceiros, como plataformas de gestão de dados, redes publicitárias, bureaus de serviços de informações, e fornecedores por amostragem. Esta recolha pode incluir, embora não se limite a, idade, sexo, geografia, localização, presença de crianças, ID de anúncios em dispositivos móveis, exposições publicitárias, segmentos equivalentes.
2. Como podemos utilizar os Dados Pessoais que recolhemos sobre si
Podemos usar os Dados Pessoais que obtemos de si ou sobre si para uma série de finalidades, entre elas:
• dar-lhe a oportunidade de participar em atividades de investigação, incluindo juntar-se a um painel, participar em inquéritos geridos pela RN SSI ou por terceiros (seja como membro do painel ou não membro do painel), ou usar os websites e as aplicações móveis associadas com painéis ou inquéritos.
• Para administrar, gerir, preencher, facilitar a entrada e comunicar acerca de prémios, programas de incentivos e outras promoções da RN SSI, incluindo sorteios oferecidos em relação à associação de um painel e/ou o preenchimento de inquéritos.
• Para comunicar consigo quanto à sua associação com um painel de propriedade da RN SSI, ou enviar-lhe notificações acerca da sua participação num inquérito e oportunidades de inquérito personalizadas.
• Para que os anúncios comerciais lhe sejam exibidos fora do Serviço, a fim de facilitar a conclusão de inquéritos de recolha.
• Prestar-lhe os Serviços e os anúncios comerciais adaptados a si com base em critérios, como os seus interesses ou informação de localização e permitir que a RN SSI e terceiros desenvolvam opiniões de marketing/modelos semelhantes assentes em dados de perfil individuais e/ou agregados, e segmentos de público. Podemos desenvolver, por exemplo, campanhas de marketing e publicidade desenhadas para indivíduos-alvo com um perfil social e demográfico semelhante ao seu.
• Para avaliar a eficácia da publicidade online e para medir o público abrangido pelo website, além de ajudar na criação, desenvolvimento e implementação de websites, anúncios online e outras características, funcionalidades e campanhas através de meios digitais.
• Para enviar comunicações de marketing adaptadas acerca de produtos e serviços quer da RN SSI, quer de terceiros.
• Para atualizar os registos da RN SSI, realizar análises de dados para fins da RN SSI ou para os nossos clientes.
• Para proporcionar uma melhor experiência de inquérito, incluindo controlo de qualidade, validação, rastreamento de inquéritos ou outras ações já concluídas.
• Para garantir a segurança e a proteção, além de detetar e prevenir a fraude.
• Para cumprir com as nossas obrigações legais, incluindo, mas não se limitando a, obrigações fiscais ou de outro modo implementar ou proteger os nossos direitos.
• Conforme de outra forma permitido ao abrigo desta Política de Privacidade ou conforme a sua autorização nesse sentido.
Se está localizado no Espaço Económico Europeu (EEE), podemos recolher e usar os seus Dados Pessoais quando:
• nos deu o seu consentimento para usar os seus Dados Pessoais. Por exemplo, podemos procurar obter o seu consentimento para a nossa utilização de cookies ou tecnologias equivalentes, enviar-lhe comunicações de marketing, ou processar Dados Pessoais entendidos como sensíveis de acordo com o previsto na lei.
• seja necessário fornecer-lhe produtos e serviços, ou responder às suas consultas.
• a lei nos exija ou nos autorize a utilizar os seus Dados Pessoais.
• nós, ou um terceiro, tenhamos interesse legítimo em utilizar os seus Dados Pessoais, como, por exemplo, para assegurar e melhorar a segurança, proteção e desempenho dos nossos produtos e serviços, tornar anónimos os Dados Pessoais e realizar análises de dados.
4. Como partilhamos os seus Dados Pessoais
Podemos divulgar os Dados Pessoais que recolhemos acerca de si como abaixo descrito ou de outro modo divulgados a si aquando da recolha dos dados, incluindo junto:
• da nossa empresa-mãe, das nossas subsidiárias e afiliadas para os fins descritos nesta Política de Privacidade.
• dos nossos Fornecedores de Serviços que executam serviços e processam os Dados Pessoais em nosso nome. Entre os exemplos dos nossos Fornecedores de Serviços, citamos os nossos fornecedores de armazenamento de dados em nuvem, fornecedores de ferramentas de combate à fraude, plataforma de recolha de dados de inquérito. Podemos, além disso, partilhar Dados Pessoais com corretores de dados e agregadores de dados atuando segundo as nossas instruções e em nosso nome para enriquecer e acrescentar dados à nossa base de dados para o desenvolvimento de opiniões do público-alvo e/ou modelos semelhantes, capacidade analítica dos dados e inteligência de marketing. Mediante contratos celebrados com os referidos Fornecedores de Serviços, exigimos que estes processem os Dados Pessoais exclusivamente de acordo com as nossas instruções e conforme seja necessário para prestar os serviços em nosso nome ou de acordo com o previsto na lei. Exigimos também aos referidos Fornecedores de Serviços que possuam e implementem as ferramentas necessárias para proteger a segurança e a confidencialidade dos Dados Pessoais que processam em nosso nome.
• Os parceiros do programa que o convidaram a participar no Serviço e onde se registou.
• Os nossos clientes para fins de assuntos relacionados com pesquisa de mercado (incluindo para a criação e validação de modelos, deteção e prevenção de fraude, segmentação do mercado de dados e equivalência de dados, e prémios, incentivos ou resgate de sorteios, cumprimento e/ou entrada), permitindo-lhes desenvolver campanhas de marketing, opiniões de público-alvo, modelos equivalentes e/ou comercializar para si produtos/serviços de terceiros, e para efeitos de identificação dos respondentes a inquéritos ou comunicações de renovação de contacto.
• Os nossos clientes, ou os clientes dos nossos clientes, de que violou ou poderá violar os Direitos de Propriedade Intelectual de um terceiro ou os nossos Termos de Serviço. http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Com um terceiro quando se prenda a uma reorganização, fusão, venda, joint-venture, cessão, transferência ou outra disposição, no todo ou em parte, do nosso negócio, ativos ou capital social (incluindo que se prenda com casos de falência ou processos legais semelhantes).
• Como de outro modo permitido no âmbito desta Política ou (i) se nos for legalmente ou mediante ação legal solicitada a divulgação de Dados Pessoais acerca da sua pessoa, (ii) em resposta a um pedido de um tribunal, autoridades responsáveis pela aplicação da lei, ou funcionários públicos, ou (iii) quando acreditamos que a divulgação é necessária ou adequada para evitar dano físico ou prejuízos financeiros, ou em ligação com uma investigação de atividade fraudulenta, alegadamente fraudulenta ou ilícita.
Podemos permitir que um cliente recolha Dados Pessoais seus diretamente. É livre de fornecer os seus Dados Pessoais a esse cliente. Nessas situações, celebramos um acordo escrito com os nossos clientes para, entre outras coisas, restringir a utilização que possam vir a fazer dos Dados Pessoais.
4. Os seus direitos e opções
Na medida em que a lei o permita, pode ter direito a:
• não aceitar a recolha de certos dados e usar os seus Dados Pessoais quando lhe fornecemos o Serviço. Para mais informações, aceda à sua conta e modifique as suas preferências.
• não aceitar a recolha e uso de certas informações, que recolhemos acerca de si por via informática. Em certas jurisdições, pode exercer a sua opção quanto ao uso de cookies e tecnologias equivalentes através da ferramenta Consentimento de Cookies . O seu motor de navegação pode informá-lo de como pode ser avisado e cancelar certos tipos de cookies colocados no seu aparelho. Note que sem alguns cookies poderá não conseguir utilizar todas as funcionalidades dos nossos websites, aplicações ou serviços online.
• Solicite o acesso e recebe informação acerca dos Dados Pessoais seus que guardamos, para atualizar e corrigir eventuais imprecisões nos seus Dados Pessoais, para restringir ou objetar ao processamento dos seus Dados Pessoais, de tornar a informação anónima ou eliminá-la, conforme deseje, ou exercer o seu direito à portabilidade dos dados para facilmente transferir informação para uma outra empresa. Por outro lado, poderá ainda ter o direito de apresentar uma reclamação junto de uma autoridade supervisora, incluindo no seu país de residência, local de trabalho ou onde o incidente teve lugar.
• Retirar qualquer consentimento dado anteriormente quanto ao processamento dos seus Dados Pessoais, em qualquer momento e gratuitamente. Aplicaremos as suas preferências, o que não afetará a legalidade do processamento antes de ter retirado o seu consentimento.
Os referidos direitos podem ser limitados em determinadas circunstâncias devido a exigências legais locais.
Pode interromper toda a recolha de Dados Pessoais e outras informações acerca de si desinstalando os Serviços ou terminando a sua participação em todos os painéis. Pode usar os processos habituais de desinstalação disponíveis como parte do seu dispositivo móvel ou mediante o mercado ou rede de aplicações móveis ou pode cancelar a sua conta no site do painel.  Note que se eliminar a aplicação móvel, mas mantiver um perfil num dos nossos websites, poderemos continuar a recolher Dados Pessoais e outros dados acerca de si pelos nossos websites. Desinstalar a aplicação móvel não eliminará toda a informação recolhida por nós antes de desinstalar os Serviços. Para eliminar toda a informação recolhida por nós, contacte-nos conforme descrito a seguir.
Se desejar exercer os seus direitos como acima referido ou terminar a sua conta, contacte-nos como indicado em “Como Contactar-nos”.
5. Proteção de Dados e Retenção de Dados
Mantemos salvaguardas administrativas, técnicas e físicas razoáveis concebidas para proteger as informações pessoais que mantemos contra destruição acidental, ilícita ou não autorizada, extravio, alteração, acesso, divulgação ou utilização. Analisamos, monitorizamos e avaliamos as nossas práticas de privacidade e sistemas de proteção regularmente. Apesar das salvaguardas que implementamos, as transmissões pela Internet ou pelas redes sociais não são inteiramente seguras e, por conseguinte, não podemos garantir a proteção das transmissões online. Não somos responsáveis por quaisquer erros realizados por indivíduos na comunicação que nos fizerem de Dados Pessoais.
Tomamos também medidas para eliminar os seus Dados Pessoais ou mantê-los de modo a não permitir a sua identificação quando essa informação deixar de ser necessária para os fins para que os processamos, a menos que a lei nos obrigue a mantê-los por um período mais longo. Quando determinamos o período de retenção, levamos em conta vários critérios, como o tipo de produtos e serviços solicitados ou fornecidos por si, a natureza e a duração das nossas relações comerciais mútuas, a possível reinscrição dos nossos produtos ou serviços, o impacto nos serviços que lhe prestamos se eliminarmos alguma informação de ou sobre si, períodos de retenção obrigatórios prescritos por lei e os estatutos das limitações.
6. Transferência de dados
Os seus Dados Pessoais podem ser transferidos para destinatários noutros países que não o país onde está localizado, incluindo os Estados Unidos, onde a Empresa-mãe Research Now e a Survey Sampling International estão sediadas. Estes países poderão não ter as mesmas leis de proteção de dados que o país onde inicialmente prestou a informação. Quando transferimos os Dados Pessoais para outros países, protegeremos essa informação como descrito nesta Política de Privacidade ou conforme lhe foi comunicado aquando da sua recolha.
Se está localizado no Espaço Económico Europeu (EEE) ou na Suíça, cumprimos com as leis em vigor salvaguardando a transferência de Dados Pessoais para países terceiros.
7. Não seguir (“DNT, Do Not Track”)
Do Not Track (“DNT”) (Não Seguir) é uma preferência no seu motor de navegação que pode definir para notificar websites que visite de que não quer que os websites recolham certas informações sobre a sua pessoa. A RN SSI não responde a sinais DNT. Caso se oponha à prática da RN SSI relativa aos sinais DNT, poderá recusar a participação ou utilização dos serviços da RN SSI conforme descrito abaixo.
De acordo com o seu programa de eficácia de anúncios online, a RN SSI permite que subcontratados, parceiros e/ou clientes da RN SSI deixem, configurem, e/ou escrevam Tecnologias de Terceiros com a finalidade de facilitar a medição de audiências e as atividades de inquéritos de recordação de anúncios. A RN SSI não é responsável pela conformidade de terceiros com os sinais DNT ou com a sua conformidade aos mesmos.
8. Crianças não
O Serviço não foi concebido, nem a sua utilização prevista para pessoas com menos de 16 anos de idade. Não recolhemos, tanto quanto sabemos, Dados Pessoais de crianças e jovens com menos de 16 anos de idade e, no caso de virmos a ter conhecimento de que recolhemos inadvertidamente Dados Pessoais de uma criança ou jovem com menos de 16 anos de idade, tomaremos as medidas comerciais razoáveis para eliminar esses Dados Pessoais.
9. Atualizações a esta Política de Privacidade
Esta Notificação de Privacidade Global pode ser atualizada periodicamente para refletir as modificações nas nossas práticas de Dados Pessoais. Notificaremos devidamente nos nossos respetivos websites de eventuais modificações feitas à nossa Notificação de Privacidade Global e indicaremos na parte superior da Notificação de Privacidade a data da última atualização. Se atualizarmos a nossa Notificação de Privacidade Global poderemos, em determinadas circunstâncias, solicitar o seu consentimento.
10. Como nos contactar
Em caso de dúvidas ou comentários acerca das nossas práticas de privacidade ou acerca desta Política de Privacidade, ou se preferir não aceitar certos usos dos seus Dados Pessoais, exercer os seus direitos em relação aos Dados Pessoais que possuímos acerca da sua pessoa ou apresentar uma reclamação acerca da nossa prática de privacidade, não hesite em contactar a Research Now Limited e a Survey Sampling International LLC, conforme indicado abaixo.
• Research Now Limited: escreva-nos para privacy@surveysampling.com  ou para 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF, À atenção de: Diretor de Proteção de Dados.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: escreva-nos para privacy@surveysampling.com ou para 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 United States.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Politica de confidențialitate
Data primei intrări în vigoare:  2010-01-01
Versiunea curentă: în vigoare  2018-05-19
Politica de confidențialitate descrie modul în care Research Now Limited și Survey Sampling International LLC, precum și societățile-mamă, sucursalele și filialele acestora (denumite împreună „RN SSI”, „Noi”, „nouă” sau „al nostru”) prelucrează Date cu caracter personal în contextul comunităților de sondare online, al sondajelor, al programelor de recompense, al website-urilor și al aplicațiilor mobile (denumite împreună „Serviciul”). În special, descrie tipurile de Date cu caracter personal pe care le colectăm în legătură cu Serviciul, scopurile în care colectăm respectivele Date cu caracter personal, celelalte părți cu care este posibil să le partajăm, și măsurile pe care le luăm pentru a proteja securitatea datelor. De asemenea, vă prezintă drepturile și opțiunile pe care le aveți în legătură cu Datele dvs. cu caracter personal, și modul în care ne puteți contacta pentru a vă actualiza informațiile de contact sau a adresa întrebări referitoare la practicile noastre de confidențialitate.
Această Politică de confidențialitate nu este valabilă în cazul prelucrării Datelor dvs. cu caracter personal în contextul sondajelor administrate de terți. În majoritatea cazurilor, RN SSI nu este sponsorul sondajului și al instrumentului de sondare, iar sponsorul sondajului este cel care va avea calitatea de operator de date pentru rezultatele sondajului sau datele sondajului. Vă rugăm să consultați politica de confidențialitate a sponsorului relevant pentru a afla mai multe despre practicile de confidențialitate ale sponsorului.
Înregistrarea pentru Serviciu, utilizarea acestuia și accesul la Serviciu sunt reglementate de prezenta Politică de confidențialitate și de Condițiile noastre de utilizare.
1. Datele cu caracter personal care pot fi colectate în legătură cu dvs.
Colectăm Datele cu caracter personal în diverse moduri, descrise mai jos.  În sensul acestei Politici de confidențialitate, „Date cu caracter personal” înseamnă orice informație care vizează o persoană fizică identificată sau care poate fi identificată. Atunci când este cazul, indicăm dacă și de ce trebuie să ne furnizați Datele dvs. cu caracter personal, precum și consecințele refuzului de a le furniza. Dacă nu ne furnizați Datele cu caracter personal la cerere, este posibil să nu puteți beneficia de Serviciu dacă informațiile respective sunt necesare pentru a vă furniza Serviciul sau dacă avem obligația legală de a le colecta.
79. Date cu caracter personal furnizate de dvs.
Vă solicităm să ne furnizați Date cu caracter personal atunci când vă înregistrați pentru un cont prin intermediul website-urilor noastre sau al aplicației mobile, inclusiv numele, adresa, adresa de e-mail, numărul de telefon, data nașterii, ocupația, studiile și sexul.
De asemenea, colectăm Datele cu caracter personal pe care le furnizați în contextul participării dvs. la o discuție, la un sondaj, sau în legătură cu primirea sau revendicarea recompenselor și stimulentelor. Aceste informații includ un număr de identificare unic al participantului/respondentului, pe care vi-l atribuim atunci când vă înregistrați contul, și răspunsurile pe care le dați atunci când completați sondajul. În acest context, puteți opta dacă să ne furnizați Date sensibile cu caracter personal care vă vizează, cum sunt Datele cu caracter personal care divulgă sau dezvăluie probleme de sănătate sau afecțiuni medicale, orientarea sexuală sau viața sexuală, opiniile/orientările politice, rasa/originea etnică, credințele religioase și filosofice, precum și afilierea sindicală. Atunci când legea impune, vom obține consimțământul dvs. explicit pentru prelucrarea Datelor dvs. sensibile cu caracter personal. De asemenea, este posibil să colectăm conținutul comunicat, încărcat sau transmis de dvs. prin utilizarea Serviciului, de exemplu fotografii și materiale video.
80. Date privind localizarea geografică
Este posibil să vă solicităm permisiunea de a obține informații despre localizarea geografică din telefonul dvs. mobil. Putem utiliza informațiile despre localizarea dvs. geografică pentru a vă oferi opțiunea de a participa la sondaje și cercetări de piață bazate pe localizare, sau putem partaja aceste date cu clienți terți pentru a demonstra anumite tipare geografice de trafic, inclusiv, fără limitare, obiceiurile de cumpărare bazate pe locațiile vizitate.
Colectăm informațiile despre localizarea dvs. geografică în scopurile de mai sus, cu consimțământul dvs. Dacă nu mai doriți să ne transmiteți informațiile privind localizarea dvs. geografică, vă rugăm să vă schimbați setările de confidențialitate ale dispozitivului.  Atunci când legislația impune, vom obține consimțământul dvs. expres pentru a partaja cu terții informațiile care vă vizează.
81. Conturile de pe rețelele de socializare
De asemenea, este posibil să vi se ofere posibilitatea de acces la Servicii prin intermediul platformelor de socializare terțe. Dacă optați pentru acces la Servicii în acest mod, putem colecta anumite informații din profilul dvs. stocat în contul de pe rețeaua de socializare, de exemplu numele, sexul și adresa de e-mail.
82. Datele cu caracter personal obținute prin mijloace automatizate
Atunci când utilizați Serviciul, putem colecta anumite informații prin mijloace automatizate, de exemplu prin modulele cookie și alte tehnologii similare. Modulele cookie sunt fișiere de mici dimensiuni care stochează anumite date pe un dispozitiv. Modulele cookie creează un cod de identificare unic, care este asociat cu browserul dvs. Modulele cookie de sesiune expiră atunci când închideți browserul, pe când modulele cookie persistente rămân pe dispozitivul dvs. până când sunt șterse sau până când ajung la o dată de expirare prestabilită.
Informațiile pe care le colectăm, prin modulele cookie și tehnologiile similare pot include informații despre dispozitivul dvs. și capabilitățile acestuia, inclusiv tipul de dispozitiv și sistemul de operare, alte aplicații de pe dispozitivul dvs., rețeaua și furnizorul de servicii de internet, fusul orar, starea rețelei, tipul de browser, pagina de proveniență/de ieșire, sistemul de operare, marcajul datei/orei, date despre fluxul clicurilor, și coduri unice de identificare, cum sunt adresa dvs. IP, identificatorul unic al dispozitivului, adresa Media Access Control (MAC), sau identificatorul browserului. De asemenea, putem utiliza tehnologii de amprentare digitală și filigranare pentru a colecta informațiile de mai sus.
De asemenea, putem colecta informații din anumite aplicații și funcții disponibile pe dispozitivul dvs., dacă ne acordați accesul la ele. Aceste informații includ numărul și tipul aplicațiilor instalate, notificările push, camera, microfonul, acces la galeria foto, acces la fișierele stocate
Utilizăm aceste informații pentru a îmbunătăți Serviciile, prin evaluarea numărului de utilizatori care accesează sau utilizează Serviciul, a conținutului, produselor și opțiunilor Serviciului care îi interesează cel mai mult pe vizitatori, a tipurilor de oferte pe care vor să le vadă clienții noștri, și a modului în care funcționează Serviciul nostru din punct de vedere tehnic.
În unele cazuri, putem utiliza informații colectate cu mijloace automatizate, împreună cu alte informații, pentru a recunoaște utilizatorii (sau gospodăriile) pe diverse platforme sau diverse dispozitive, de exemplu smartphone-uri, computere, tablete sau browsere asociate, în scopurile descrise în această Politică de confidențialitate. Informațiile colectate prin tehnologii de amprentare digitală și filigranare pot fi utilizate și pentru controlul calității, validare, detectarea și prevenția fraudelor.
Pentru mai multe informații despre tipurile de module cookie pe care le utilizăm și scopurile în care utilizăm informațiile colectate prin intermediul modulelor cookie, consultați Instrumentul nostru pentru consimțământul privind modulele cookie.
83. Datele cu caracter personal pe care le prelucrăm în legătură cu sondajele privind reclamele clienților
Atunci când utilizați Serviciul pentru a participa la sondaje privind anumite reclame și promoții pe care RN SSI le testează pentru clienții săi de afaceri, puteți vedea aceste reclame sau promoții în mai multe locuri, inclusiv pe aplicații mobile care nu aparțin RN SSI (de exemplu, într-o aplicație de jocuri).  Odată ce ați fost expus la reclamele și promoțiile relevante, RN SSI vă va acorda acces sau vă va contacta pentru ca dvs. să completați un sondaj despre aceste reclame sau promoții și/sau îi poate oferi anumite date demografice referitoare la dvs. companiei care face reclama, sau agentului publicitar, în legătură cu profilul demografic al persoanelor care au vizualizat reclama.
Pentru a facilita completarea sondajelor referitoare la reclame și promoții, RN SSI a încheiat parteneriate cu companii publicitare care oferă, măsoară sau facilitează reclame, inclusiv pe alte aplicații de mobil. Aplicația/Serviciul transmite rețelelor publicitare codul unic de identificare al dispozitivului dvs. (Unique Device Identifier, UID) și alte informații colectate prin mijloace automatizate.  Apoi, atunci când utilizați o aplicație mobilă corelată cu una dintre companiile publicitare, compania publicitară poate utiliza, pentru a vă identifica, identificatorul unic al dispozitivului dvs. sau alte informații colectate cu mijloace automatizate. Apoi, compania publicitară vă poate prezenta o reclamă sau o promoție pe care RN SSI o testează pentru unul dintre clienții săi de afaceri. Apoi, compania publicitară poate informa RN SSI că dispozitivul asociat cu UID-ul dvs. tocmai a primit o reclamă sau o promoție, ceea ce permite RN SSI să vă ofere accesul la un sondaj sau să vă contacteze pentru completarea unui sondaj referitor la reclama sau promoția respectivă.
84. Date cu caracter personal furnizate de terți
Putem obține Date cu caracter personal, date privind comportamentul și/sau informații de la terți, de exemplu de la platformele de gestionare a datelor, rețele publicitare, birouri de servicii informaționale și furnizori de mostre. Informațiile colectate pot include, fără limitare, vârsta, sexul, zona geografică, localizarea, prezența copiilor, identificatoarele reclamelor mobile, istoricul cumpărăturilor, expunerea la reclame, segmentele de public similare.
2. Cum putem utiliza Datele dvs. cu caracter personal
Putem utiliza Datele cu caracter personal pe care le obținem de la dvs. sau în legătură cu dvs. în diverse scopuri, printre care:
• Pentru a vă oferi posibilitatea de a participa la activități de cercetare, inclusiv participarea la discuții de grup, participarea la sondaje administrate de RN SSI sau de terți (fie ca membru al grupului de discuții, fie în altă calitate decât cea de membru), sau de a utiliza website-uri și aplicații mobile asociate cu grupurile de discuții sau sondajele.
• Pentru a administra, a gestiona, a facilita înscrierea și a comunica în legătură cu programele de recompense, de stimulente și alte promoții ale RN SSI, inclusiv tombolele oferite în legătură cu participarea la grupuri de discuții și/sau completarea sondajelor.
• Pentru a comunica cu dvs. în legătură cu participarea dvs. la un grup de discuții deținut de RN SSI, sau pentru a vă trimite notificări privind participarea dvs. la un sondaj și oportunități de sondare personalizate.
• Pentru a organiza afișarea de reclame pentru dvs. în afara Serviciului, pentru a facilita completarea sondajelor privind reamintirea reclamelor.
• Pentru a vă oferi Servicii și reclame personalizate în funcție de criterii cum sunt interesele dvs. sau informațiile despre localizarea dvs., și pentru a permite ca RN SSI și terților să dezvolte idei de marketing, modele de public/segmente de public similare, și publicuri-țintă. De exemplu, putem crea campanii de marketing și campanii publicitare care țintesc anumite persoane, al căror profil socio-demografic este similar cu al dvs.
• Pentru a evalua eficacitatea publicității online, pentru măsurarea audienței, și pentru a ajuta la crearea, dezvoltarea și implementarea website-urilor, reclamelor online, și a altor funcții, funcționalități și campanii de pe internet și din mediile digitale.
• Pentru a transmite comunicări de marketing personalizate referitoare la produsele și serviciile oferite de RN SSI și de terți.
• Pentru a actualiza evidențele RN SSI și a analiza date în beneficiul RN SSI sau al clienților.
• Pentru a oferi o experiență mai bună a participării la sondaje, inclusiv controlul calității, validare, urmărirea sondajelor completate sau alte acțiuni finalizate
• Pentru a asigura siguranța și securitatea, și a detecta și a preveni frauda
• Pentru a ne îndeplini obligațiile legale, inclusiv, fără limitare, obligațiile fiscale, sau pentru a ne exercita sau a ne proteja drepturile.
• După cum este permis în temeiul acestei Politici de confidențialitate, sau în alte moduri autorizate de către dvs.
Dacă vă aflați în Spațiul Economic European, putem colecta și utiliza Datele dvs. cu caracter personal atunci când:
• Ați consimțit la utilizarea Datelor dvs. cu caracter personal. De exemplu, vă putem solicita consimțământul pentru utilizarea modulelor cookie sau a tehnologiilor similare, pentru a vă trimite comunicări de marketing, sau pentru a prelucra Date cu caracter personal considerate sensibile în temeiul legislației aplicabile.
• Este necesar pentru a vă furniza produse și servicii, sau pentru a răspunde solicitărilor dvs.
• Legislația aplicabilă ne impune sau ne autorizează să utilizăm Datele dvs. cu caracter personal.
• Noi avem sau un terț are un interes legitim privitor la utilizarea Datelor dvs. cu caracter personal, de exemplu pentru a asigura și a îmbunătăți siguranța, securitatea și funcționarea produselor și serviciilor noastre, pentru a anonimiza Datele cu caracter personal și a analiza datele.
4. Cum partajăm Datele dvs. cu caracter personal
Putem divulga Datele cu caracter personal colectate despre dvs. conform descrierii de mai jos sau în alte moduri care vă vor fi prezentate în momentul colectării datelor, inclusiv către:
• Societatea-mamă, sucursalele și filialele societății noastre, în scopurile descrise în această Politică de confidențialitate.
• Furnizorii noștri de servicii care prestează servicii și prelucrează Date cu caracter personal în numele nostru. Printre furnizorii noștri de servicii se numără furnizorii de stocare în cloud, furnizorii de instrumente antifraudă, platforma de colectare a datelor din sondaje. De asemenea, putem partaja Date cu caracter personal cu brokerii de date și agregatorii de date care acționează conform instrucțiunilor noastre și în numele nostru pentru a extinde baza noastră de date și a crea profiluri de audiență, și/sau modele de segmente de public similare, analize și informații de marketing. Impunem prin contract ca acești furnizori de servicii să prelucreze Date cu caracter personal exclusiv în conformitate cu instrucțiunile noastre, și astfel cum este necesar pentru a presta servicii în numele nostru sau pentru îndeplinirea obligațiilor legale. De asemenea, le impunem să dispună de măsuri de protecție a siguranței și confidențialității Datelor cu caracter personal pe care le prelucrează în numele nostru.
• Partenerii de program care v-au invitat să participați la Serviciu și prin intermediul cărora v-ați înscris.
• Clienții noștri pentru care realizăm cercetare de piață (inclusiv pentru crearea și validarea de modele, detectarea și prevenția fraudei, segmentarea pieței de date și corelarea cu bazele de date, și pentru revendicarea, acordarea și/sau înscrierea în programele de recompense, stimulente sau tombole), pentru a le permite să creeze campanii de marketing, idei privind audiența, modele de segmente de public similare și/sau pentru a vă oferi produsele/serviciilor terților, precum și pentru a identifica respondenții în vederea sondajelor și comunicărilor pentru restabilirea contactului.
• Clientul nostru sau clienții acestuia, în cazul în care considerăm că ați încălcat sau este posibil să încălcați drepturile de proprietate intelectuală ale unui terț sau Condițiile de utilizare a serviciilor noastre http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Un terț, în legătură cu eventuala reorganizare, fuziune, vânzare sau societate mixtă, cesiunea, transferul sau altă modalitate de înstrăinare, integrală sau parțială, a companiei, activelor sau acțiunilor noastre (inclusiv în legătură cu eventualul faliment sau cu proceduri similare).
• În alte moduri permise de Politica de față sau (i) dacă legea sau un proces juridic ne impune să divulgăm Date cu caracter personal referitoare la dvs., (ii) ca răspuns la o dispoziție a instanței, a autorităților de aplicare a legii sau a oficialilor guvernamentali, sau (iii) atunci când considerăm că divulgarea este necesară sau adecvată pentru a preveni prejudiciul personal sau pierderile financiare, sau în legătură cu anchetarea unei activități frauduloase sau ilegale efective sau suspectate.
Putem permite unui client să colecteze Date cu caracter personal direct de la dvs. Aveți libertatea de a le furniza Datele dvs. cu caracter personal. În aceste situații, încheiem cu clienții noștri contracte în scris prin care, printre altele, limităm utilizarea de către aceștia a Datelor cu caracter personal.
4. Drepturile și opțiunile dvs.
Sub rezerva legislației aplicabile, puteți avea următoarele drepturi:
• Dreptul de a refuza anumite operațiuni de colectare și utilizare a Datelor cu caracter personal, atunci când vă furnizăm Serviciul. Pentru informații suplimentare, vă rugăm să vă autentificați în cont și să vă modificați preferințele.
• Dreptul de a refuza colectarea și utilizarea anumitor informații pe care le colectăm în legătură cu dvs. prin mijloace automatizate. În anumite jurisdicții, vă puteți exercita opțiunea referitoare la utilizarea modulelor cookie și a tehnologiilor similare, prin instrumentul de obținere a Consimțământului privind modulele cookie. Este posibil ca browserul să vă informeze cu privire la opțiunea de a refuza, și să vă ofere posibilitatea de a refuza plasarea anumitor tipuri de module cookie pe dispozitivul dvs. Rețineți că fără anumite module cookie nu veți putea utiliza funcțiile website-urilor, ale aplicațiilor sau ale serviciilor online.
• Dreptul de a solicita accesul și de a primi informații despre Datele cu caracter personal pe care le păstrăm în legătură cu dvs., dreptul de a actualiza și a corecta eventualele erori din Datele dvs. cu caracter personal, dreptul de a restricționa sau de a vă opune față de prelucrarea Datelor dvs. cu caracter personal, dreptul ca datele dvs. să fie anonimizate sau șterse, după caz, sau posibilitatea de a vă exercita dreptul la portabilitatea datelor, pentru a facilita transferul informațiilor către altă companie. În plus, este posibil să aveți și dreptul de a adresa o plângere autorității de supraveghere din domeniu, inclusiv în țara în care locuiți, în țara unde aveți locul de muncă sau unde a avut loc un incident.
• Dreptul de a vă retrage orice consimțământ acordat cu privire la prelucrarea Datelor dvs. cu caracter personal, în orice moment, în mod gratuit. Preferințele dvs. vor fi puse în aplicare după data exprimării lor, iar acest lucru nu va afecta legalitatea operațiunilor de prelucrare efectuate înainte ca dvs. să revocați consimțământul.
Este posibil ca aceste drepturi să fie limitate în anumite circumstanțe de cerințele legale locale.
Puteți opri toată colectarea Datelor cu caracter personal și a altor informații de către noi prin dezinstalarea Serviciilor sau încetarea participării dvs. la toate grupurile. Puteți utiliza procesele de dezinstalare standard oferite de dispozitivul dvs. mobil sau prin magazinul de aplicații mobile sau prin rețea sau vă puneți anula contul de pe site-ul grupului din care faceți parte.  Rețineți că, dacă ștergeți aplicația mobilă, dar vă păstrați un profil pe unul dintre website-urile noastre, putem colecta în continuare Date cu caracter personal și alte date despre dvs. prin intermediul website-urilor noastre. Prin dezinstalarea aplicației nu se vor șterge toate informațiile colectate de noi înainte de dezinstalarea Serviciilor. Pentru a șterge toate informațiile colectate de noi, vă rugăm să ne contactați conform prezentării de mai jos.
Dacă doriți să vă exercitați drepturile descrise mai sus sau să vă desființați contul, vă rugăm să ne contactați conform prezentării din secțiunea „Cum ne puteți contacta” de mai jos.
5. Securitatea datelor și păstrarea datelor
Menținem măsuri de protecție corespunzătoare, de ordin tehnic, administrativ și fizic, pentru a proteja Datele cu caracter personal și alte informații divulgate sau colectate de noi față de distrugerea, pierderea, modificarea, accesul, divulgarea sau utilizarea accidentale sau neautorizate. Verificăm, monitorizăm și evaluăm cu regularitate practicile privind confidențialitatea și sistemele de protecție. În pofida măsurilor de securitate implementate de noi, transmisiunile pe internet sau pe rețelele mobile nu sunt în totalitate sigure, și prin urmare nu garantăm securitatea transmisiunilor online. Nu ne asumăm responsabilitatea pentru nicio eroare comisă de persoanele fizice în transmiterea Datelor cu caracter personal către noi.
De asemenea, luăm măsuri pentru a șterge Datele dvs. cu caracter personal sau a le păstra într-o formă care nu permite identificarea dvs. atunci când informațiile dvs. nu mai sunt necesare în scopurile pentru care le prelucrăm, cu excepția cazului în care suntem obligați prin lege să păstrăm aceste informații pe o perioadă mai lungă. Atunci când stabilim perioada de păstrare, ținem cont de diverse criterii, cum sunt tipurile de produse și servicii pe care le solicitați sau pe care vi le furnizăm, natura și durata relației noastre cu dvs., posibila reînscriere la produsele și serviciile noastre, impactul ștergerii anumitor informații deținute de la dvs. sau despre dvs. asupra serviciilor pe care vi le furnizăm, perioadele obligatorii de păstrare prevăzute de lege, și perioadele legale de prescriere.
6. Transferuri de date
Datele dvs. cu caracter personal pot fi transferate unor destinatari aflați în alte țări decât cea în care vă aflați dvs., inclusiv în Statele Unite, unde se află societatea-mamă a Research Now și a Survey Sampling International. Este posibil ca aceste țări să nu aibă legi privind protecția datelor similare cu cele din țara în care ați furnizat inițial informațiile. Atunci când transferăm Datele dvs. cu caracter personal în alte țări, vom proteja informațiile respective conform descrierii din această Politică de confidențialitate sau astfel cum sunt divulgate în momentul colectării.
Dacă vă aflați în Spațiul Economic European sau în Elveția, respectăm cerințele legale aplicabile care oferă măsuri de protecție adecvate pentru transferul Datelor cu caracter personal în state terțe.
7. Interdicția de urmărire
Browserul dvs. are o opțiune numită Do Not Track („DNT”), pe care o puteți seta să informeze website-urile pe care le vizitați că nu vreți ca respectivele website-uri să colecteze anumite informații despre dvs. RN SSI nu răspunde la semnalele DNT. Dacă vă opuneți practicii RN SSI cu privire la semnalele DNT, puteți refuza participarea sau utilizarea serviciilor RN SSI, conform descrierii de mai jos.
În legătură cu programul RN SSI de măsurare a eficacității reclamelor online, RN SSI permite ca subcontractanții, partenerii și/sau clienții RN SSI să instaleze, să seteze și/sau să scrie tehnologii terțe în scopul de a facilita măsurarea audienței și activitățile de sondare a amintirii reclamelor. RN SSI nu este responsabilă de conformitatea sau modalitatea de răspuns a unei terțe părți la semnalele DNT.
8. Interdicția de colectare a datelor copiilor
Serviciul nu este conceput pentru persoanele cu vârsta sub 16 ani și nu este destinat utilizării de către aceste persoane Nu colectăm cu bună știință date cu caracter personal de la copii cu vârsta sub 16 ani, iar dacă aflăm că am colectat accidental date cu caracter personal de la un copil cu vârsta sub 16 ani, vom depune eforturi rezonabile din punct de vedere comercial pentru a șterge respectivele Date cu caracter personal.
9. Actualizări la această Politică de confidențialitate
Acest Aviz global privind confidențialitatea poate fi actualizat periodic, astfel încât să reflecte modificările practicilor noastre privind Datele cu protecție personală. Vom afișa un aviz cu mare vizibilitate pe website-urile relevante, pentru a vă informa cu privire la modificările semnificative ale acestui Aviz global privind confidențialitatea, și vom indica în partea de sus a Avizului data celei mai recente actualizări. Dacă actualizăm Avizul nostru global privind confidențialitatea, în anumite circumstanțe, este posibil să vă cerem consimțământul.
10. Cum ne puteți contacta
Dacă aveți întrebări sau comentarii referitoare la practicile noastre de confidențialitate sau la această Politică de confidențialitate, sau dacă vreți să refuzați anumite utilizări ale Datelor dvs. cu caracter personal, să vă exercitați drepturile privind Datele cu caracter personal pe care le deținem în legătură cu dvs., sau să formulați o plângere cu privire la practicile noastre de confidențialitate, vă rugăm să contactați Research Now Limited sau Survey Sampling International LLC prin metodele descrise mai jos.
• Research Now Limited: scrieți-ne pe adresa privacy@surveysampling.com  sau la 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, Londra, Regatul Unit EC4V 4BF, pentru: Data Protection Officer (Responsabilul cu protecția datelor).
• Survey Sampling International LLC: scrieți-ne pe adresa privacy@surveysampling.com sau la 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 Statele Unite.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Zásady ochrany osobných údajov
Prvé nadobudnutie účinnosti:  2010-01-01
Táto verzia: Účinná  2018-05-19
Zásady ochrany osobných údajov opisujú, ako spoločnosť Research Now Limited a jej rodičovská spoločnosť, dcérske a pridružené spoločnosti (spoločne „RN SSI“ a „my“ vo všetkých gramatických tvaroch) spracovávajú osobné údaje v kontexte online panelovej komunity, prieskumov, programov odmeňovania, webových stránok a mobilných aplikácií (spoločne „služba“). Predovšetkým opisujú typy osobných údajov, ktoré zhromažďujeme v súvislosti so službou, účely, na ktoré zhromažďujeme osobné údaje, ostatné strany, ktorým ich môžeme poskytnúť, a opatrenia, ktoré prijmeme na ochranu údajov. Tiež vám poskytujú informácie o vašich právach a možnostiach týkajúcich sa vašich osobných údajov a ako nás môžete kontaktovať, aby ste aktualizovali svoje kontaktné údaje alebo položili otázky týkajúce sa našich postupov ochrany osobných údajov.
Tieto zásady ochrany osobných údajov sa nevzťahujú na spracovanie vašich osobných údajov v súvislosti s prieskumami spravovanými tretími stranami. V týchto situáciách nie je spoločnosť SSI zadávateľom prieskumu a nástroja prieskumu a výsledky či údaje prieskumu sú a budú kontrolované zadávateľom prieskumu. Pozrite si príslušné pravidlá ochrany osobných údajov zadávateľa, aby ste sa dozvedeli viac o postupoch ochrany osobných údajov tohto zadávateľa.
Zaregistrovanie sa a prístup k službám spoločnosti a ich používanie sa riadi zásadami ochrany osobných údajov a našimi obchodnými podmienkami.
1. Osobné údaje, ktoré sa môžu zhromažďovať o vás
Zhromažďujeme osobné údaje rôznymi spôsobmi, ktoré sú opísané nižšie.  Na účely týchto zásad ochrany osobných údajov sa pod pojmom „osobné údaje“ rozumejú všetky informácie týkajúce sa identifikovanej alebo identifikovateľnej osoby. V prípade potreby uvádzame, či a prečo nám musíte poskytnúť vaše osobné údaje, ako aj dôsledky ak to nevykonáte. Ak neposkytnete osobné údaje na požiadanie, nebudete mať možnosť využívať službu, ak sú potrebné na to, aby vám poskytli túto službu, alebo ak je od nás právne požadované tieto informácie uchovať.
85. Osobné údaje, ktoré ste poskytli
Keď sa zaregistrujete na vytvorenie účtu prostredníctvom našich webových stránok alebo mobilnej aplikácie vrátane vášho mena, adresy, e-mailovej adresy, telefónneho čísla, dátumu narodenia, zamestnania, vzdelania a pohlavia, požiadame vás o poskytnutie určitých osobných údajov.
Okrem toho zhromažďujeme osobné údaje, ktoré poskytnete v rámci panela, keď sa zúčastňujete prieskumu alebo v súvislosti s prijatím a odplatou odmien a stimulov. Takéto informácie zahŕňajú jedinečné identifikačné číslo účastníka/respondenta, ktoré vám pridelíme pri registrácii na vytvorenie účtu a odpovede, ktoré ste poskytli pri ukončení prieskumu. V tejto súvislosti sa môžete rozhodnúť poskytnúť citlivé osobné údaje o sebe, ako sú osobné údaje, ktoré zverejňujú a odhaľujú zdravotný stav, sexuálnu orientáciu alebo sexuálny život, politické stanoviská/názory, rasový či etnický pôvod, vyznanie a filozofické presvedčenie a členstvo v odboroch. V prípade, že to vyžadujú právne predpisy, získame váš výslovný súhlas so spracovaním citlivých osobných údajov. Môžeme tiež zbierať obsah, ktorý pošlete, odovzdávate alebo prenesiete pri používaní služby, napríklad fotografie a videá.
86. Údaje o polohe
Môžeme požiadať o povolenie na získanie informácií o polohe z mobilného zariadenia. Informácie o vašej polohe môžeme použiť na to, aby sme vám ponúkli možnosť zúčastniť sa prieskumov podľa miesta pobytu a prieskumov trhu alebo poskytli tieto údaje o polohe klientom tretích strán, aby ste preukázali určité vzory návštevnosti účastníkov vrátane nákupného správania založeného na navštívených miestach.
S vašim súhlasom zhromažďujeme informácie o vašej polohe na vyššie uvedené účely. Ak nám už nechcete poskytovať informácie o geografickej polohe, zmeňte nastavenia ochrany osobných údajov v zariadení.  Ak to vyžaduje zákon, získame váš výslovný súhlas na poskytovanie vašich údajov o polohe tretím stranám.
87. Účty sociálnych médií
Môžete mať tiež možnosť prístupu k službám pomocou platforiem sociálnych sietí tretích strán. Ak vyberiete prístup k službám týmto spôsobom, môžeme zhromaždiť určité informácie o profile uložené na vašom účte sociálnej mediálnej platformy, ako je meno, pohlavie a e-mailová adresa.
88. Osobné údaje získané prostredníctvom automatizovaných prostriedkov
Keď používate službu, môžeme zhromažďovať určité informácie automatizovanými prostriedkami, ako sú súbory cookie a podobné technológie. Súbory cookie sú malé súbory, ktoré ukladajú určité údaje vo vašom zariadení. Súbory cookie vytvárajú jedinečný identifikátor, ktorý je priradený vášmu prehliadaču. Súbory cookie relácie vypršia po zatvorení prehliadača, zatiaľ čo trvalé súbory cookie zostávajú vo vašom zariadení, až kým nie sú vymazané alebo kým nedosiahnu stanovený dátum skončenia platnosti.
Informácie, ktoré zhromažďujeme prostredníctvom súborov cookie a podobných technológií, môžu obsahovať informácie o vašom zariadení a jeho funkciách vrátane typu zariadenia a operačného systému, iných aplikácií vo vašom zariadení, poskytovateľovi sieťových a internetových služieb, časového pásma, stavu siete, typu prehliadača, odkazujúcich/uzavretých stránok, operačného systému, dátumu/času, údajov o prúde po kliknutí a jedinečného identifikačného čísla, ako je adresa IP zariadenia, jedinečné identifikačné číslo zariadenia, adresa prístupu k médiu (MAC) alebo identifikátor prehliadača. Môžeme tiež použiť digitálne odtlačky prstov a vodoznakové technológie na zozbieranie vyššie uvedených informácií.
Takisto môžeme zhromažďovať informácie z určitých aplikácií a funkcií, ktoré sú k dispozícii na vašom zariadení, ak nám k nim poskytnete prístup. Takéto informácie zahŕňajú počet a typ nainštalovaných aplikácií, vynútené upozornenie, fotoaparát, mikrofón, prístup k fotografickej knižnici, prístup k úložisku súborov.
Tieto informácie používame na zlepšenie služby tým, že hodnotíme, koľko používateľov sa prihlasuje do služby alebo ju používa, aký obsah, produkty a funkcie našej služby zaujímajú našich návštevníkov, aké typy ponúkame našim zákazníkom a ako funguje naša služba z technického hľadiska.
V niektorých prípadoch môžeme použiť informácie zhromaždené pomocou automatizovaných prostriedkov spolu s inými informáciami na rozpoznávanie používateľov (alebo domácností) v rámci platforiem alebo zariadení, ako sú smartfóny, počítače, tablety alebo súvisiace prehliadače, na účely opísané v týchto zásadách ochrany osobných údajov. Informácie zhromaždené prostredníctvom digitálnych odtlačkov prstov a vodoznakových technológií sa môžu použiť aj na účely kontroly kvality, validácie, zisťovania podvodov a prevencie.
Ďalšie informácie o typoch súborov cookie, ktoré používame, účeloch na ktoré používame informácie zhromaždené prostredníctvom súborov cookie, nájdete v našom nástroji na vyjadrenie súhlasu so súbormi cookie.
89. Osobné údaje, ktoré spracovávame v súvislosti s prieskumom o reklame klientov
Keď používate službu na účasť na prieskumoch týkajúcich sa konkrétnych reklám a akcií, ktoré spoločnosť RN SSI testuje pre svojich podnikových klientov, tieto reklamy alebo propagačné akcie sa môžu zobraziť na viacerých miestach vrátane mobilných aplikácií SSN, ktoré nie sú RN (napr. herná aplikácia).  Keď sa vám zobrazia relevantné reklamy a propagácie, spoločnosť RN SSI vám poskytne prístup k prieskumu alebo sa s vami spojí, aby ste mohli dokončiť prieskum o týchto reklamách alebo propagáciách a/alebo poskytnúť niektoré demografické údaje o vás inzerentovi alebo agentovi inzerenta, pokiaľ ide o demografické profily jednotlivcov, ktorí zobrazili reklamu.
Na uľahčenie vyplnenia takýchto prieskumov o reklamách alebo propagačných akciách uzavrela spoločnosť RN SSI partnerstvo s reklamnými spoločnosťami, ktoré poskytujú, merajú alebo zabezpečujú reklamy vrátane tých, ktoré sa vykonávajú pomocou iných mobilných aplikácií. Aplikácia/služby poskytujú reklamné siete s UID, jedinečným identifikátorom zariadenia a ďalšími informáciami zhromaždenými automatizovanými prostriedkami.  Keď potom použijete mobilnú aplikáciu, ktorá uzavrela partnerstvo s jednou reklamnou spoločnosťou, reklamná spoločnosť môže použiť váš jedinečný identifikátor zariadenia alebo iné automaticky zhromažďované informácie na rozpoznávanie vášho zariadenia. Reklamná spoločnosť vám potom môže zobrazovať reklamu alebo propagačnú akciu, ktorú spoločnosť RN SSI meria pre jedného zo svojich obchodných klientov. Reklamná spoločnosť môže potom informovať spoločnosť RN SSI, že zariadenie spojené s vaším UID práve prijalo reklamu alebo propagačnú akciu, ktorá umožní spoločnosti RN SSI poskytnúť vám prístup k prieskumu alebo vás kontaktovať, aby ste vyplnili prieskum o reklame alebo propagačnej akcii.
90. Osobné údaje poskytované tretím stranám
Môžeme získať osobné údaje, behaviorálne a/alebo demografické informácie od tretích strán, ako sú platformy pre správu údajov, reklamné siete, informačné kancelárie a dodávatelia vzoriek. Tento zber sa môže týkať veku, pohlavia, geografie, polohy, prítomnosti detí, identifikačných čísel mobilných reklám, histórie nákupov, zobrazení reklám a podobných segmentov.
2. Ako môžeme použiť vaše osobné údaje
Môžeme použiť osobné údaje, ktoré získame od vás alebo o vás, na rôzne účely vrátane:
• aby sme vám ponúkli príležitosť zúčastniť sa výskumných aktivít vrátane účasti na paneloch, účasti sa prieskumoch spravovaných spoločnosťou RN SSI alebo tretími stranami (či už ako členmi panela alebo nečlenmi panela), alebo využívať webové stránky a mobilné aplikácie spojené s panelom alebo prieskumom;
• s cieľom spravovať, riadiť, plniť, uľahčovať uzatvorenie a komunikovať o odmene spoločnosti RN SSI, stimulačných programov a iných propagačných akcií spoločnosti RN SSI vrátane lotérií ponúkaných v súvislosti s členstvom v paneloch a/alebo dokončovaním prieskumov;
• aby sme mohli s vami komunikovať, pokiaľ ide o vaše členstvo v paneli vo vlastníctve spoločnosti RN SSI, alebo vám posielať oznámenia o vašej účasti na prieskume a špecializovaných prieskumoch;
• aby sme zaistili zobrazovanie reklám mimo služby s cieľom uľahčiť dokončenie prieskumov o stiahnutí;
• aby sme vám poskytli služby a reklamy prispôsobené vám na základe kritérií, ako sú vaše záujmy alebo informácie o polohe, a umožnili spoločnosti RN SSI a tretím stranám vytvoriť marketingové štatistiky, modely pre publikum/podobné modely založené na individuálnych a/alebo agregovaných údajoch profilu a segmentoch publika. Môžeme napríklad vytvoriť marketingové a reklamné kampane navrhnuté tak, aby sa zamerali na jednotlivcov, ktorí majú spoločný a demografický profil podobný vášmu;
• na vyhodnotenie účinnosti on-line reklám a merania návštevnosti webových stránok a na použitie v súvislosti s prieskumom efektivity online reklám a na pomoc pri vytváraní, vypracovaní a spustení webových stránok, online reklám a iných internetových či digitálnych mediálnych prvkov, funkcií a kampaní;
• na odosielanie prispôsobených marketingových oznámení o produktoch a službách spoločnosti RN SSI a tretích strán;
• na aktualizáciu záznamov spoločnosti RN SSI, vykonanie analýz údajov na účely spoločnosti RN SSI alebo pre našich klientov;
• s cieľom poskytnúť lepšie skúsenosti s prieskumom vrátane kontroly kvality, validácie, sledovania dokončených prieskumov alebo iné dokončené akcie;
• na zaistenie bezpečnosti a zaistenia a na odhaľovanie a predchádzanie podvodom;
• na dodržiavanie našich zákonných povinností, okrem iného aj vrátane daňových povinností alebo na iné presadzovanie alebo obhajobu našich práv.
• ako je to inak prípustné v súlade s týmito zásadami ochrany osobných údajov alebo ako ste to inak povolili vy.
Ak sa nachádzate v Európskom hospodárskom priestore, môžeme osobné údaje zhromažďovať a používať, ak:
• ste súhlasili s používaním vašich osobných údajov. Môžeme napríklad požiadať o váš súhlas s používaním súborov cookie alebo podobných technológií, posielať vám marketingové oznámenia alebo spracovávať osobné údaje považované za citlivé podľa platných právnych predpisov;
• je to potrebné, aby sme vám mohli poskytnúť produkty a služby alebo odpovedať na vaše otázky;
• sme povinní alebo oprávnení platnými právnymi predpismi používať vaše osobné údaje;
• my alebo tretia strana máme legitímny záujem na používaní vašich osobných údajov, ako je zabezpečenie a zlepšenie bezpečnosti, zaistenia a výkonu našich produktov a služieb, anonymizáciu osobných údajov a vykonávanie analýz údajov.
4. Ako môžeme poskytovať vaše osobné údaje
Môžeme zverejniť osobné údaje, ktoré zhromaždíme o vás, ako je to opísané nižšie, alebo vám inak oznámené v čase zhromažďovania údajov vrátane:
• našej materskej spoločnosti, dcérskej spoločnosti a pridruženým spoločnostiam na účely opísané v týchto zásadách ochrany osobných údajov;
• našich poskytovateľov služieb, ktorí poskytujú služby a spracúvajú osobné údaje v našom mene. Medzi príklady našich poskytovateľov služieb patria naši poskytovatelia cloudového úložiska, poskytovatelia nástrojov na odhaľovanie podvodov, platformy na zhromažďovanie údajov z prieskumu. Môžeme tiež poskytovať osobné údaje dátovým maklérom a agregátorom údajov, ktorí konajú podľa našich pokynov a v našom mene, aby sme rozšírili našu databázu o vypracovanie prehľadov divákov a/alebo vzhľadových modelov, analýzy a marketingové spravodajstvo. Požadujeme od týchto poskytovateľov služieb, aby zmluvne spracovali len osobné údaje v súlade s našimi pokynmi a podľa potreby vykonávali služby v našom mene alebo splnili zákonné požiadavky. Požadujeme tiež, aby mali bezpečnostné opatrenia navrhnuté na ochranu bezpečnosti a dôvernosti osobných údajov, ktoré spracúvajú v našom mene;
• partnerov programu, ktorí vás pozvali, aby ste sa pripojili k službe a prostredníctvom ktorých ste sa zaregistrovali;
• našim klientom na účely prieskumu trhu (vrátane vytvárania a validácie modelov, detekcie a prevencie podvodov, segmentácie dátového trhu a hľadanie zhôd databáz, odmeňovanie, motivácie alebo výbery výhier, plnenia a/alebo zaraďovanie), aby sme im umožnili vypracovanie marketingových kampaní, prehľadov publika, vzhľadových modelov a/alebo predaj produktov/služieb tretích strán vám a na účely identifikácie respondentov na opätovné kontaktné prieskumy alebo komunikácie;
• nášmu klientovi alebo jeho zákazníkom, ak sa domnievame, že ste porušili alebo môžeme porušiť práva duševného vlastníctva tretej strany alebo naše zmluvné podmienky; http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• tretej strane v súvislosti s akoukoľvek reorganizáciou, zlúčením, predajom, spoločným podnikom, postúpením, prevodom alebo iným spôsobom nakladania s časťou našej spoločnosti, majetku alebo akcií (vrátane prípadov konkurzu alebo podobných konaní);
• tak, ako je to inak povolené podľa týchto zásad, alebo (i) ak od nás právne predpisy alebo súdne konania vyžadujú zverejnenie osobných údajov o vás, (ii) v odpovedi na žiadosť súdu, orgánov činných v trestnom konaní alebo vládnych úradníkov alebo (iii) ak sa domnievame, že zverejnenie je potrebné alebo vhodné na zabránenie fyzickej ujmy alebo finančnej straty alebo v súvislosti s vyšetrovaním podozrivých alebo skutočných podvodných alebo nezákonných činností.
Môžeme tiež povoliť, aby klient zhromažďoval osobné údaje priamo od vás. Môžete im slobodne poskytnúť svoje osobné údaje. V týchto situáciách uzatvárame s našimi klientmi písomnú zmluvu okrem iného o obmedzení používania osobných údajov.
4. Vaše práva a voľby
Podľa platných právnych predpisov môžete mať právo:
• zakázať určité zhromažďovanie a používanie vašich osobných údajov, keď poskytujeme službu. Ak chcete získať ďalšie informácie, prihláste sa do svojho účtu a zmeňte svoje predvoľby;
• zakázať zhromažďovanie a používanie určitých informácií, ktoré zhromažďujeme o vás automatizovanými prostriedkami. V niektorých jurisdikciách si môžete uplatniť svoju voľbu týkajúcu sa používania súborov cookie a podobných technológií prostredníctvom nástroja. Váš prehliadač vám môže oznámiť, ako sa má na vašom zariadení upozorniť a odhlásiť, že máte určité typy súborov cookie. Upozorňujeme, že bez určitých súborov cookie nemusíte mať možnosť používať všetky funkcie našich webových stránok, aplikácií alebo služieb online;
• požiadať o prístup k osobným údajom, ktoré o vás máme, o aktualizovanie a opravu nepresností vo vašich osobných údajoch, obmedzenie alebo namietanie voči spracovaniu vašich osobných údajov, o anonymizáciu alebo odstránenie informácií vhodným spôsobom alebo na uplatnenie vášho práva na prenos údajov, aby ste mohli ľahko preniesť informácie do inej spoločnosti. Okrem toho môžete mať tiež právo podať sťažnosť na dozorný orgán, a to aj vo vašej krajine trvalého pobytu, miesta výkonu práce alebo kde došlo k udalosti;
• stiahnuť akýkoľvek súhlas, ktorý ste predtým poskytli, pokiaľ ide o spracovanie vašich osobných údajov, a to kedykoľvek a bezplatne. Vaše preferencie budeme uplatňovať v budúcnosti. Neovplyvní to však zákonnosť spracovania pred odobratím vášho súhlasu.
Tieto práva môžu byť za určitých okolností obmedzené miestnymi zákonnými požiadavkami.
Môžete zastaviť zber osobných údajov a ďalších informácií nami odinštalovaním služieb a/alebo ukončením vašej účasti vo všetkých paneloch. Môžete použiť štandardný postup odinštalovania, ktorý je k dispozícii vo vašom mobilnom zariadení alebo pomocou mobilného obchodu aplikácií či siete alebo môžete zrušiť svoj účet v zozname panelov na stránke panelu.  Upozorňujeme, že ak zmažete mobilnú aplikáciu, no ponecháte si profil na jednej z našich webových stránok, môžeme pokračovať v zbere osobných údajov a iných údajov od vás pomocou našich webových stránok. Odinštalovaním mobilnej aplikácie nezmažete všetky informácie, ktoré sme zhromaždili pred odinštalovaním služieb. Ak chcete zmazať všetky informácie, ktoré sme zhromaždili, obráťte sa na nás pomocou kontaktných údajov uvedených ďalej.
Ak chcete vykonávať vyššie uvedené práva alebo ukončiť svoj účet, obráťte sa na nás, ako je uvedené v časti „Ako sa s nami spojiť“ nižšie.
5. Zabezpečenie a uchovávanie údajov
Udržiavame primerané technické, administratívne a fyzické záruky na ochranu osobných údajov a ďalších informácií, ktoré sme zistili alebo zhromaždili, proti náhodnému, nezákonnému alebo neoprávnenému zničeniu, strate, zmene, prístupu, zverejneniu alebo používaniu. Pravidelne kontrolujeme, sledujeme a vyhodnocujeme naše postupy a systémy na ochranu osobných údajov. Napriek bezpečnostným prvkom, ktoré používame, prenosy cez internet alebo mobilnú sieť nie sú úplne bezpečné a nemôžeme preto zaručiť bezpečnosť online prenosov. Nie sme zodpovední za žiadne chyby jednotlivcov pri odosielaní osobných údajov nám.
Prijímame tiež opatrenia na vymazanie vašich osobných údajov alebo ich uchovávanie vo forme, ktorá neumožňuje vašu identifikáciu, keď tieto informácie už nie sú potrebné na účely, na ktoré ich spracovávame, pokiaľ nie sme zákonne povinní tieto informácie uchovávať na dlhšie obdobie. Pri určovaní obdobia uchovávania zohľadňujeme rôzne kritériá, ako napríklad typ výrobkov a služieb, ktoré požadujete alebo sú vám poskytované, povahu a dĺžku nášho vzťahu s vami, možné opätovné zaradenie do našich produktov alebo služieb, vplyv na služby, ktoré vám poskytneme, ak odstránime niektoré informácie od vás alebo o vás, povinné lehoty na uchovávanie údajov stanovené právnymi predpismi a zákonné obmedzenia.
6. Prevody údajov
Vaše osobné údaje sa môžu preniesť príjemcom v iných krajinách, ako je krajina, v ktorej sa nachádzate, vrátane Spojených štátov amerických, kde sídli materská spoločnosť Research Now a spoločnosť Survey Sampling International. Tieto krajiny nemusia mať rovnaké právne predpisy o ochrane údajov ako krajiny, v ktorých ste pôvodne poskytli informácie. Keď prenesieme vaše osobné údaje do iných krajín, chránime tieto informácie tak, ako je to opísané v týchto zásadách ochrany osobných údajov alebo ako vám to bolo oznámené v čase ich zberu.
Ak sa nachádzate v Európskom hospodárskom priestore alebo vo Švajčiarsku, dodržiavame platné zákonné požiadavky poskytujúce primerané záruky na prenos osobných údajov do tretích krajín.
7. Nesledovať
Nesledovať („DNT“) je preferencia vo vašom prehliadači, ktorú môžete nastaviť tak, aby oznamovala webové stránky, ktoré navštívite a pri ktorých nechcete, aby o vás zhromažďovali určité informácie. Spoločnosť RN SSI neodpovedá na signály DNT. Ak nesúhlasíte s postupmi spoločnosti RN SSI s ohľadom na signály DNT, môžete zakázať účasť alebo používanie služieb spoločnosťou RN SSI tak, ako je to písané ďalej.
V súvislosti s programom efektivity online reklamy spoločnosti RN SSI spoločnosť RN SSI umožňuje svojim subdodávateľom, partnerom a/alebo klientom spúšťať, nastavovať a/alebo napísať technológie tretej strany na účely zabezpečenia merania publika a činností prieskumu stiahnutia reklamy. Spoločnosť RN SSI nie je zodpovedná za dodržiavanie pravidiel alebo reakcie na signály DNT akejkoľvek tretej strany.
8. Žiadne deti
Služba nie je navrhnutá pre osoby do 16 rokov ani určená na používanie nimi. Vedome nezbierame osobné údaje od detí do 16 rokov a ak sa dozvieme, že sme neúmyselne zhromaždili osobné údaje dieťaťa do 16 rokov, podnikneme primerané obchodné úsilie na ich vymazanie.
9. Aktualizácie týchto zásad ochrany osobných údajov
Toto globálne oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov sa môže pravidelne aktualizovať, aby odrážalo zmeny v našich postupoch týkajúcich sa osobných údajov. Na príslušných webových stránkach budeme uverejňovať dôležité upozornenia na akékoľvek významné zmeny v našom globálnom oznámení o ochrane osobných údajov a na začiatku upozornenia, ktoré boli naposledy aktualizované. Ak aktualizujeme naše globálne oznámenie o ochrane osobných údajov, môžeme vás za určitých okolností požiadať o súhlas.
10. Ako sa s nami spojiť
Ak máte akékoľvek otázky alebo pripomienky týkajúce sa našich postupov ochrany osobných údajov alebo týchto zásad ochrany osobných údajov alebo ak by ste sa chceli vyhnúť určitému použitiu vašich osobných údajov, uplatniť si svoje práva vo vzťahu k osobným údajom, ktoré uchovávame o vás, alebo chcete podať sťažnosť na prax ochrany súkromia, obráťte sa na spoločnosť Research Now Limited alebo spoločnosť Survey Sampling International LLC, ako je uvedené nižšie.
• Research Now Limited: Napíšte nám na adresu: privacy@surveysampling.com alebo 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, Londýn, Spojené kráľovstvo EC4V 4BF, Attention (do rúk): Úradník pre ochranu údajov.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: napíšte na adresu: privacy@surveysampling.com alebo na adresu: 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 Spojené štáty americké.
Peanut Labs, Inc. Integritetspolicy
Ursprungligen giltig från:  2010-01-01
Denna version: Gäller från  2018-05-19
Integritetspolicyn beskriver hur Research Now Limited och Survey Sampling International LLC och deras moderbolag, dotterbolag och intressebolag (gemensamt ”RN SSI”, ”vi”, ”oss” eller ”vår”) behandlar personuppgifter i samband med online-panelgemenskaper, undersökningar, belöningsprogram, webbplatser och mobila applikationer (gemensamt ”tjänsten”). I synnerhet beskriver den vilka typer av personuppgifter som vi samlar in i samband med tjänsten, de syften för vilka vi samlar in dessa personuppgifter, de andra parterna med vilka vi delar dem med, och de åtgärder som vi vidtar för att skydda uppgifternas säkerhet. Den beskriver också dina rättigheter och valmöjligheter när det gäller dina personuppgifter och hur du kan kontakta oss för att uppdatera din kontaktinformation eller ställa frågor om våra integritetsmetoder.
Denna integritetspolicy gäller inte behandlingen av dina personuppgifter i samband med undersökningar som administreras av tredje parter. I dessa situationer är RN SSI inte undersökningens sponsor, utan undersökningens instrument, resultat eller data kontrolleras av undersökningens sponsor. Se den relevanta sponsorns integritetspolicy för att läsa mer om respektive sponsorns integritetsmetoder.
Registrering med, användning av och tillgång till tjänsten omfattas av denna integritetspolicy samt av våra villkor och regler.
1. Personuppgifter som kan samlas in om dig
Vi samlar in personuppgifter på olika sätt såsom beskrivs nedan.  I denna integritetspolicy avses med ”personuppgifter” all information som rör en identifierad eller identifierbar person. I förekommande fall, anger vi om och varför du måste ge oss dina personuppgifter, såväl som följderna av att inte göra det. Om du inte lämnar personuppgifter vid begäran, kommer du inte att kunna dra nytta av tjänsten om denna information är nödvändig för att ge dig tjänsten eller om vi enligt lag måste samla in den.
91. Personuppgifter som du lämnar
Vi ber dig att lämna vissa personuppgifter när du registrerar dig för ett konto via våra webbplatser eller mobilapplikationer, inklusive ditt namn, adress, e-postadress, telefonnummer, födelsedatum, yrke, utbildning och kön.
Dessutom samlar vi in personuppgifter som du lämnar i samband med en panel, när du deltar i en undersökning eller i samband med mottagandet och inlösen av belöningar och incitament. Sådan information inkluderar ett unikt panelmedlems/svarandes identifikationsnummer som vi ger dig när du registrerar dig för ett konto och de svar du lämnar när du genomför undersökningen. I detta sammanhang kan du välja att lämna känsliga personuppgifter om dig själv, såsom personuppgifter som avslöjar hälso- och medicinska tillstånd, sexuell läggning eller sexuella vanor, politiska inställningar/åsikter, ras-/etniskt ursprung, religiös och filosofisk tro samt medlemskap i fackförening. Om det krävs enligt lag kommer vi att be om ditt uttryckliga samtycke till behandlingen av dina känsliga personuppgifter. Vi kan också samla in innehåll som du skickar, laddar upp eller överför när du använder tjänsten, såsom foton och videoklipp.
92. Platsinformation
Vi kan be om ditt samtycke för att erhålla platsinformation från din mobilenhet. Vi kan använda din platsinformation för att erbjuda dig möjligheten att delta i platsbaserade undersökningar och marknadsundersökningar, eller att dela sådan platsinformation med tredje parts kunder för att påvisa vissa plats- och/eller trafikmönster hos deltagare, inklusive men inte begränsat till inköpsbeteende baserat på besökta platser.
Vi samlar in din platsinformation för ovanstående ändamål med ditt samtycke. Om du inte längre vill dela dina geoplatsinformation med oss, ska du ändra sekretessinställningarna på din enhet.  Om det krävs enligt lag kommer vi att be om ditt uttryckliga samtycke att dela din platsinformation med tredje parter.
93. Sociala mediekonton
Det kan hända att du får möjligheten att få åtkomst till tjänsten via sociala medieplattformar från tredje part. Om du väljer att få åtkomst till tjänsterna på detta sätt, kan vi samla in viss profilinformation som lagras på ditt konto på den sociala medieplattformen, såsom namn, kön och e-postadress.
94. Personuppgifter förvärvade via automatiserade metoder
När du använder tjänsten kan vi samla in viss information via automatiska metoder, såsom cookie-filer och liknande teknik. Cookies är små filer som sparar vissa data på en enhet. Cookies skapar ett unikt ID som är associerat med din webbläsare. Sessionscookies upphör när du stänger din webbläsare, medan kvarstående cookies blir kvar på din enhet tills de raderas eller de når ett definierat utgångsdatum.
Den information som vi samlar in via cookies och liknande teknik kan inkludera information om din enhet och enhetskapacitet, inklusive enhetens typ och operativsystem, övriga applikationer på enheten, nätverks- och internetleverantör, tidzon, nätverksstatus, webbläsartyp, refererande/existerande sidor, operativsystem, datum-/tidsstämpel, klickströmsdata och unika identifikationsnummer, såsom enhetens IP-adress, enhetens unika ID-nummer, Media Access Control (MAC)-adress eller webbläsaridentifierare. Vi kan också använda digitala fingeravtryck och vattenmärkningsteknik för att samla in ovanstående information.
Vi kan även samla in information från vissa applikationer och funktioner som finns på din enhet om du ger oss tillgång till dessa. Sådan information inkluderar antalet och typen av installerade applikationer, push-meddelanden, kamera, mikrofon, åtkomst till bildbibliotek och åtkomst till fillagring.
Vi använder den här informationen för att förbättra tjänsten genom att bedöma hur många användare som har tillgång till eller använder tjänsten, vilka innehåll, produkter och funktioner av vår tjänst våra besökare är mest intresserade av, vilka typer av erbjudanden våra kunder tycker om att se och hur vår tjänst presterar ur teknisk synvinkel.
I vissa fall kan vi använda information som samlats in via automatiseringsteknik, tillsammans med annan information, för att känna igen användare (eller hushåll) på olika plattformar eller enheter, som smarttelefoner, datorer, surfplattor eller relaterade webbläsare för syften som beskrivs i denna integritetspolicy. Information som samlas in via digitala fingeravtryck och vattenmärkningsteknik kan också användas för kvalitetskontroll och validering samt för att upptäcka och förhindra bedrägliga syften.
Se vårt verktyg för Samtycke av cookies för mer information om vilka typer av cookies vi använder och syftena med informationssamlandet via cookies
95. Personuppgifter vi behandlar i samband med undersökningar om kundreklam
När du använder tjänsten för att delta i undersökningar om specifika annonser och erbjudanden som RN SSI testar för sina kunder, kan du se dessa annonser eller erbjudanden på flera ställen, inklusive i icke-RN SSI mobila appar (t.ex. spelappar).  När du har varit exponerad för de relevanta annonserna och erbjudandena, kommer RN SSI att ge dig åtkomst till eller kontakta dig för att slutföra en undersökning om dessa annonser eller erbjudanden och/eller kan lämna ut vissa demografiska uppgifter om dig till annonsören eller annonsörens förmedlare om de demografiska profilerna för de personer som har sett annonsen.
För att underlätta ifyllande av sådana undersökningar om annonser och erbjudanden har RN SSI ingått partnerskap med annonsföretag som tillhandahåller, mäter eller underlättar annonsering, inklusive i andra mobila appar. Applikationen/tjänsterna tillhandahåller annonsnätverk med UID, din unika enhetsidentifierare och annan information som samlats in via automatiska metoder.  När du sedan använder en mobil app som är i partnerskap med något annonsföretag kan annonsföretaget använda din unika enhetsidentifierare eller annan automatiskt insamlad information för att upptäcka din enhet. Annonsföretaget kan sedan visa dig en annons eller ett erbjudande som RN SSI mäter för någon av våra kunder. Annonsföretaget kan sedan informera RN SSI att enheten associerad med din UID just har fått en annons eller ett erbjudande så att RN SSI kan ge dig åtkomst till, eller kontakta dig för att fylla i, en undersökning gällande annonsen eller erbjudandet.
96. Personuppgifter som tillhandahålls av tredje parter
Vi kan erhålla personuppgifter, beteendemässig och/eller demografisk information från tredje parter, såsom datahanteringsplattformar, annonsnätverk, informationstjänsteföretag och provleverantörer. Denna insamling kan innefatta, men är inte begränsad till, ålder, kön, geografi, plats, närvaro av barn, mobilannons-ID, inköpshistorik, annonsexponeringar, ”look-a-like”-segment.
2. Hur vi kan använda dina personuppgifter
Vi kan använda de personuppgifter vi erhåller från eller om dig för en rad olika syften, inklusive:
• För att erbjuda dig möjlighet att delta i forskningsaktiviteter, inklusive att ingå i en panel, delta i undersökningar som administreras av RN SSI eller av tredje parter (antingen som panelmedlem eller en icke-panelmedlem), eller använda de webbplatser och mobilapplikationer som är förknippade med paneler och undersökningar.
• För att administrera, hantera, uppfylla, underlätta tillträde till och kommunicera om RN SSI:s belöningar, incitamentsprogram och andra erbjudanden, inklusive lotterier som erbjuds i samband med panelmedlemskap och/eller vid slutförandet av undersökningar.
• För att kommunicera med dig om ditt medlemskap i en panel som ägs av RN SSI, eller för att skicka meddelanden om ditt deltagande i en undersökning och skräddarsydda undersökningsmöjligheter.
• För att arrangera att reklam ska visas till dig utanför tjänsten i syfte att underlätta genomförandet av undersökningar om hågkomst.
• För att ge dig tjänster och annonser som är anpassade till dig baserat på kriterier som dina intressen eller platsinformation och att göra det möjligt för RN SSI och tredje parter att utveckla marknadsinsikter, publik-/”look-a-like”-modeller baserade på individuella och/eller kollektiva profildata och segmentgrupper. Till exempel kan vi utveckla marknadsförings- och reklamkampanjer som är utformade för och riktar sig till specifika personer som har en social och demografisk profil som liknar din.
• För att bedöma effektiviteten av online-reklam och för mätning av webbplatsens publik, samt för att vara till hjälp vid framtagning, utveckling och implementering av webbplatser, online-annonser och andra internet- och digitala mediefunktioner och kampanjer.
• För att skicka skräddarsydd marknadskommunikation om RN SSI:s och tredje parters produkter och tjänster.
• För att uppdatera RN SSI:s register, utföra dataanalyser för RN SSI:s syften eller för våra kunder.
• För att ge bättre upplevelser med undersökningen, inklusive kvalitetskontroll, validering, spårning av slutförda undersökningar eller andra slutförda åtgärder.
• För att säkerställa säkerhet och för att upptäcka och/eller förhindra bedrägerier.
• För att uppfylla våra juridiska skyldigheter, inklusive, men inte begränsat till, skattemässiga skyldigheter, eller på annat sätt genomdriva eller skydda våra rättigheter.
• På något annat sätt i enlighet med denna integritetspolicy eller på något annat sätt som godkänts av dig.
Om du befinner dig inom det Europeiska ekonomiska samarbetsområdet kan vi samla in och använda dina personuppgifter när:
• Du har gett ditt samtycke till användningen av dina personuppgifter. Vi kan till exempel be om att få ditt samtycke till vår användning av cookies eller liknande teknik, för att skicka till dig marknadsföringskommunikation eller för att behandla personuppgifter som anses känsliga enligt gällande lagar.
• Detta är nödvändigt när vi förser dig med produkter och tjänster, eller när vi måste svara på dina frågor.
• Vi är skyldiga eller behöriga enligt gällande lagar att använda dina personuppgifter.
• Vi, eller en tredje part, har ett legitimt intresse av att använda dina personuppgifter, till exempel för att säkerställa och förbättra säkerheten och prestandan på våra produkter och tjänster, för att göra personuppgifter anonyma och för genomföra dataanalyser.
4. Hur vi delar dina personuppgifter
Vi kan lämna ut personuppgifter som vi samlar in om dig såsom beskrivs nedan eller såsom du blir informerad om vid den tidpunkt då data samlas in, inklusive till:
• Vårt moderbolag, dotterbolag och filialer för de syften som beskrivs i denna integritetspolicy.
• Våra tjänsteleverantörer som utför tjänster och behandlar personuppgifter för vår räkning. Exempel på våra tjänsteleverantörer inkluderar våra molnlagringsleverantörer, leverantörer av bedrägeriverktyg och insamlingsplattformar av undersökningsdata. Vi kan också lämna ut personuppgifter till datahanterare och datasammanställare som handlar enligt våra instruktioner och för vår räkning i syfte att berika vår databas för utveckling av publikinsikter och/eller ”look-a-like”-modeller, analyser och marknadsföringsinformation. Vi kräver av dessa tjänsteleverantörer genom avtal att de behandlar personuppgifter endast i enlighet med våra instruktioner och såsom krävs för att utföra tjänster för vår räkning eller för att uppfylla juridiska krav. Vi kräver också att de har utformade skyddsåtgärder för att skydda säkerheten och sekretessen av de personuppgifter de behandlar för vår räkning.
• Programpartners som har bjudit dig att ansluta dig till tjänsten och som du har anmält dig genom.
• Våra kunder för syften relaterade till marknadsundersökningar (inklusive för att skapa och validera modeller, upptäcka och förebygga bedrägerier, för databaserad marknadssegmentering och databasmatchning, samt för belöning, incitament, eller inlösen av lotterivinster, förverkligande och/eller inträde), för att ge dem möjlighet att utveckla marknadsföringskampanjer, publikinsikter, ”look-a-like”-modeller och/eller att marknadsföra tredje parters produkter/tjänster till dig och för att identifiera svaranden för återkommande undersökningar eller kommunikation.
• Vår kund eller deras konsument, om vi anser att du har brutit mot eller kan komma att bryta mot immateriella rättigheter som tillhör tredje part eller mot våra servicevillkor http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• Med en tredje part i samband med en omorganisation, fusion, försäljning, joint venture, överlåtelse, överföring eller annan överlåtelse av hela eller en del av vår verksamhet, tillgångar eller lager (inklusive i samband med en konkurs eller liknande förfaranden).
• Så som övrigt tillåts enligt denna policy eller (i) om vi är skyldiga att lämna ut personuppgifter om dig enligt lag eller juridisk process, (ii) som svar på en begäran från en domstol, brottsbekämpande myndigheter eller offentliga tjänstemän, eller (iii) när vi anser att upplysningar är nödvändiga eller lämpliga för att förebygga fysisk skada eller ekonomisk förlust, eller i samband med en undersökning av misstänkt eller faktisk bedräglig eller olaglig verksamhet.
Vi kan tillåta en kund att samla in personuppgifter direkt från dig. Du är fri att lämna dina personuppgifter till dem. I dessa situationer ingår vi ett skriftligt avtal med våra kunder för att bland annat begränsa deras användning av personuppgifterna.
4. Dina rättigheter och valmöjligheter
Med förbehåll för tillämpliga lagar, kan du ha rätt till att:
• Välja att inte delta i en viss insamling och användning av dina personuppgifter när vi tillhandahåller tjänsten. För mer information, logga in på ditt konto och ändra dina inställningar.
• Välja att inte delta i insamling och användning av viss information, som vi samlar in om dig via automatiska metoder. Inom vissa jurisdiktioner kan du utöva dina valmöjligheter vad gäller användningen av cookies och liknande teknik via verktyget för Samtycke av cookies. Din webbläsare kan informera dig hur man blir underrättad om och väljer bort vissa typer av cookies som placeras på enheten. Observera att utan vissa cookies kan du kanske inte använda alla funktioner på våra webbplatser, appar eller onlinetjänster.
• Begära tillgång till och få information om de personuppgifter vi har om dig, uppdatera och korrigera felaktigheter i dina personuppgifter, begränsa eller invända mot behandlingen av dina personuppgifter för att få den informationen anonym eller raderad, såsom lämpligt, eller utöva din rätt till dataportabilitet för att enkelt överföra information till ett annat företag. Dessutom kan du också ha rätt till att lämna in ett klagomål hos en tillsynsmyndighet, särskilt i den medlemsstat där du har din hemvist eller arbetsplats eller där en incident begicks.
• Dra tillbaka ett samtycke som du tidigare lämnat om behandlingen av dina personuppgifter, när som helst och utan kostnad. Vi kommer att tillämpa dina inställningar framåt i tiden och det kommer inte att påverka lagenligheten i behandlingen innan ditt samtycke drogs tillbaka.
Dessa rättigheter kan under vissa omständigheter vara begränsade enligt lokala lagkrav.
Du kan stoppa all insamling av personuppgifter och annan information genom att avinstallera tjänsterna eller avsluta ditt deltagande i alla paneler. Du kan använda de vanliga avinstallationsprocesserna som finns på din mobila enhet eller via marknadsplatsen för de mobila applikationerna eller nätverket eller så kan du avsluta ditt panelmedlemskonto på panelwebbplatsen.  Observera att om du raderar mobilapplikationen men behåller din profil på någon av våra webbplatser kan vi fortfarande samla in personuppgifter och annan information från dig via våra webbplatser. Avinstallation av mobilapplikationen raderar inte all information som har samlats in av oss före avinstallation av tjänsterna. Om du vill ta bort all information som har samlats in av oss ska du kontakta oss såsom beskrivs nedan.
Om du vill utöva dina rättigheter på det sätt som beskrivs ovan eller avsluta ditt konto, kontakta oss såsom anges nedan i avsnittet ”Hur du kontaktar oss”.
5. Datasäkerhet och datalagring
Vi upprätthåller lämplig teknisk, administrativ och fysisk säkerhet för att skydda personuppgifter och annan information som lämnats till oss eller samlats in av oss, mot oavsiktlig, olaglig eller obehörig förstörelse, förlust, ändring, åtkomst, avslöjande eller användning. Vi granskar, övervakar och utvärderar våra integritetsmetoder och säkerhetssystem regelbundet. Trots de säkerhetsåtgärder som vi har implementerat kan överföringar via internet eller mobila nätverk inte skyddas helt, och därför kan vi inte garantera säkerheten för överföringar online. Vi ansvarar inte för eventuella fel som orsakas av personer som skickar in personuppgifter till oss.
Vi vidtar också åtgärder för att radera dina personuppgifter eller behålla dem i en form som inte tillåter att du blir identifierad när den här informationen inte längre behövs för de syften som vi behandlar den, om vi inte enligt lag är skyldiga att behålla denna information en längre period. Vid fastställande av lagringstiden, tar vi hänsyn till olika kriterier, såsom den typ av produkter och tjänster som efterfrågas av eller ges till dig, naturen och längden på vår relation med dig, eventuell omregistrering för våra produkter eller tjänster, påverkan på de tjänster vi tillhandahåller till dig om vi tar bort en del information från eller om dig, obligatoriska lagringstider som föreskrivs i lagar och gällande preskriptionstider.
6. Dataöverföringar
Dina personuppgifter kan överföras till mottagare i andra länder än det land du befinner dig i, bland annat till USA där Research Nows moderbolag och Survey Sampling International har sitt huvudkontor. Dessa länder kanske inte har samma dataskyddslagar än i det land där du ursprungligen lämnade informationen. När vi överför dina personuppgifter till andra länder, kommer vi att skydda informationen såsom beskrivs i denna integritetspolicy eller enligt den information du fick vid tidpunkten för insamlingen.
Om du befinner dig inom det Europeiska ekonomiska samarbetsområdet eller i Schweiz följer vi gällande rättsliga krav som ger tillräckliga skyddsåtgärder vid överföring av personuppgifter till tredje länder.
7. Spåra inte
En begäran om att inte spåra (Do Not Track, ”DNT”) kan anges i inställningarna i din webbläsare. Denna begäran informerar webbplatser som du besöker om att du inte vill att webbplatsen ska samla in viss information om dig. RN SSI ignorerar signaler om att inte spåra. Om du har invändningar mot RN SSI:s rutiner med avseende på signaler om att inte spåra kan du avböja att delta i eller använda RN SSI:s tjänster enligt beskrivningen nedan.
I samband med RN SSI:s effektivitetsprogram för online-annonser ger RN SSI sina underleverantörer, partner och/eller kunder rätt att överföra, ställa in eller skriva tredjepartsteknik i syfte att underlätta undersökningsaktiviteter avseende publikmätning och återkallande av annonser. RN SSI ansvarar inte för någon tredje parts efterlevnad av eller agerande som resultat av signal om att inte spåra.
8. Ej barn
Tjänsten är inte avsedd för eller avsedd att användas av någon person som är under 16 år. Vi samlar inte medvetet in personuppgifter från barn under 16 år och om vi får vetskap om att vi oavsiktligt har samlat in data från barn under 16 år kommer vi att vidta rimliga kommersiella åtgärder för att radera sådana personuppgifter.
9. Uppdatering av denna Integritetspolicy
Det här globala integritetsmeddelandet kan uppdateras regelbundet för att återspegla ändringar i våra metoder för personuppgifter. Vi kommer att publicera ett tydligt meddelande på relevanta webbplatser för att meddela dig om alla väsentliga ändringar av vår globala integritetsmeddelande och ange överst i meddelandet när det senast uppdaterades. Om vi uppdaterar vårt globala integritetsmeddelande, kan vi under vissa omständigheter be om ditt samtycke.
10. Hur du kontaktar oss
Om du har några frågor eller kommentarer angående våra integritetsmetoder eller denna integritetspolicy eller om du vill välja bort viss användning av dina personuppgifter, utöva dina rättigheter vad gäller de personuppgifter vi har om dig eller framföra klagomål om våra integritetsmetoder, är du välkommen att kontakta Research Now Limited eller Survey Sampling International LLC såsom beskrivs nedan.
• Research Now Limited: skriv till oss på privacy@surveysampling.com  eller till: 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, Förenta kungariket, EC4V 4BF, Attention: Dataskyddsansvarig.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: skriv till oss på privacy@surveysampling.com eller till: 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484, Förenta staterna.
Research Now Group, Inc. Privacy Policy
First Effective:  2010-01-01
This Version: Effective  2018-05-19
The Privacy Policy describes how Research Now Limited and Survey Sampling International LLC and their parents, subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively “RN SSI”, “We”, “us, or “our”) processes Personal Data in the context of online panel communities, surveys, reward programs, websites and mobile applications (collectively the “Service”). In particular, it describes the types of Personal Data we collect in connection with the Service, the purposes for which we collect that Personal Data, the other parties with whom we may share it, and the measures we take to protect the security of the data. It also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your Personal Data, and how you can contact us to update your contact information or ask questions about our privacy practices.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the processing of your Personal Data in the context of surveys administered by third parties. In these situations, RN SSI is not the sponsor of the survey and the survey instrument, and the survey results or survey data are and will be controlled by the sponsor of the survey. Please refer to the relevant sponsor’s privacy policy to learn more about that sponsor’s privacy practices.
Registration with, use of, and access to the Service is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
1. Personal Data That May Be Collected About You
We collect Personal Data in various ways described below.  For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. Where applicable, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your Personal Data, as well as the consequences of failing to do so. If you do not provide Personal Data when requested, you may not be able to benefit from the Service if that information is necessary to provide you with the Service or if we are legally required to collect it.
A. Personal Data Provided by You
We ask you to provide certain Personal Data when you register for an account through our websites or mobile application, including your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, occupation, education, and gender.
In addition, we collect Personal Data you provide in the context of a panel, when you participate in a survey or in connection with the receipt and redemption of rewards and incentives. Such information includes a unique panelist/respondent identification number we assign to you when you sign up for an account and the responses you provide when completing the survey. In this context, you may choose to provide sensitive Personal Data about you, such as Personal Data that discloses or reveals health and medical conditions, sexual orientation or sexual life, political opinions/views, race/ethnic origin, religious and philosophical beliefs and trade-union membership. Where required by law, we obtain your explicit consent to the processing of your sensitive Personal Data. We may also collect content that you submit, upload or transmit when using the Service, such as photos and videos.
B. Location Data
We may request your permission to obtain location information from your mobile device. We may use your location information to offer you the option to participate in location-based surveys and market research, or to share such location data with third party clients to demonstrate certain location traffic patterns of participants, including but not limited to purchasing behavior based on locations visited.
We collect your location information for the above purposes with your consent. If you no longer wish to share your geo-location information with us, please change the privacy settings of your device.  Where required by law, we obtain your explicit consent to share your location information with third parties.
C. Social Media Accounts
You may also have the opportunity to access the Services through third party social media platforms. If you select to access the Services in this manner, we may collect certain profile information stored in your social media platform account, such as name, gender and email address.
D. Personal Data Obtained Via Automated Means
When you use the Service, we may collect certain information by automated means, such as cookies and similar technologies. Cookies are small files that store certain data on a device. Cookies create a unique ID that is associated with your browser. Session cookies expire when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain on your device untiAdeleted or once they reach a defined expiration date.
The information we collect via cookies and similar technologies may include information about your device and its capabilities, including, the device type and operating system, other applications on your device, network and Internet service provider, time zone, network status, browser type, referring/exiting pages, operating system, date/time stamp, click stream data, and unique identification numbers such as your device IP address, device unique identification number, Media Access Control (MAC) address, or browser identifier. We may also use digital fingerprinting and watermarking technologies to collect the above information.
We may also collect information from certain applications and functionality available on your device if you grant us access to these. Such information includes the number and type of applications installed, push notifications, camera, microphone, accessing photo library, file storage access,
We use this information to improve the Service by assessing how many users access or use the Service, which content, products, and features of our Service most interest our visitors, what types of offers our customers like to see, and how our Service performs from a technical point of view.
B some cases, we may use information collected via automated means, along with other information, to recognize users (or households) across platforms or devices, such as smartphones, computers, tablets or related browsers, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Information collected via digital fingerprinting and watermarking technologies may also be used for quality control, validation, and fraud detection and prevention purposes.
For more information on the types of cookies we use, the purposes for which we use information collected via cookies please see our Cookie Consent Tool.
E. Personal Data We Process in relation to Survey about Clients’ Advertising
Cen you use the Service to participate in surveys regarding specific ads and promotions that RN SSI is testing for its business clients, you may see these ads or promotions in several places, including in non-RN SSI mobile apps (e.g., in a gaming app).  Once you have been exposed to the relevant ads and promotions, RN SSI will provide you with access to, or contact you to complete, a survey about these ads or promotions and/or may provide certain demographic data about you to the advertiser or the advertiser’s agent regarding the demographic profiles of individuals who have viewed the ad.
Dfacilitate the completion of such surveys on ads or promotions, RN SSI has partnered with ad companies that provide, measure or facilitate advertisements, including in other mobile apps. The Application/Services provides ad networks with the UID, your unique device identifier, and other information collected via automated means.  Then, when you use a mobile app that has partnered with one of the ad companies, the ad company can use your unique device identifier or other automatically collected information to recognize your device. The ad company may then show you an ad or promotion that RN SSI is measuring for one of our business clients. The ad company may then inform RN SSI that the device associated with your UID has just received an ad or promotion, which allows RN SSI to provide you with access to, or to contact you to complete, a survey regarding the ad or promotion.
F. Personal Data Provided by Third Parties
We may obtain Personal Data, behavioral and/or demographic information from third parties, such as data management platforms, ad networks, information service bureaus, and sample suppliers. This collection may include, but is not limited to, age, gender, geography, location, presence of children, mobile ad IDs, purchase history, advertising exposures, look-a-like segments.
2. How We May Use Your Personal Data
We may use the Personal Data we obtain from or about you for a variety of purposes, including:
• To offer you the opportunity to participate in research activities, including to join a panel, participate in surveys administered by RN SSI or by third parties (whether as a panel member or a non-panel member), or use websites and mobile applications associated with panels or surveys.
• To administer, manage, fulfill, facilitate entry into, and communicate about RN SSI’s reward, incentive programs and other promotions, including sweepstakes offered in connection with panel membership and/or the completion of surveys.
Eo communicate with you regarding your membership with a panel owned by RN SSI, or to send you notifications of your participation in a survey and tailored survey opportunities.
• To arrange for advertisements to be displayed to you outside the Service for the purposes of facilitating the completion of recall surveys.
• To provide you with Services and advertisements tailored to you based on criteria such as your interests or location information and to enable RN SSI and third parties to develop marketing insights, audience/look alike models based on individual and/or aggregated profile data, and segment audiences. For example, we may develop marketing and advertising campaigns designed to target individuals who have a social and demographic profile similar to yours.
• To assess the effectiveness of online advertising and for website audience measurement, and to assist in the creation, development, and implementation of websites, online advertisements, and other Internet and digital media features, functionality, and campaigns.
• To send tailored marketing communications about RN SSI and third parties products and services.
• To update RN SSI’s records, perform data analyses for RN SSI purposes or for our clients.
• To provide a better survey experience, including quality control, validation, tracking of completed surveys or other completed actions
• To ensure safety and security and to detect and prevent fraud
• To comply with our legal obligations, including, without limitation, tax obligations, or otherwise enforce or protect our rights.
• As otherwise permitted pursuant to this Privacy Policy or as otherwise authorized by you
Fyou are located in the European Economic Area, we may collect and use your Personal Data when:
• You consented to the use of your Personal Data. For example, we may seek to obtain your consent for our uses of cookies or similar technologies, to send you marketing communications, or to process Personal Data deemed sensitive pursuant to applicable law.
• Necessary to provide you with products and services, or to respond to your inquiries.
• We are required or authorized by applicable law to use your Personal Data.
• We, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in using your Personal Data, such as to ensure and improve the safety, security, and performance of our products and services, to anonymize Personal Data and carry out data analyses.
3. How We Share Your Personal Data
We may disclose the Personal Data we collect about you as described below or otherwise disclosed to you at the time the data is collected, including with:
• Our parent, subsidiary, and affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
• Our service providers who perform services and process Personal Data on our behalf. Examples of our service providers include our cloud storage providers, fraud tool providers, survey data collection platform. We may also share Personal Data with data brokers and data aggregators acting under our instructions and on our behalf to add to enrich our database for the development of audience insights and/or look-alike models, analytics, and marketing intelligence. We require these service providers by contract to only process Personal Data in accordance with our instructions and as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also require them to have safeguards designed to protect the security and confidentiality of the Personal Data they process on our behalf.
• Program partners who invited you to join the Service and that you have enrolled through.
• Our clients for market research-related purposes (including for the creation and validation of models, fraud detection and prevention, data market segmentation and database matching, and reward, incentive, or sweepstakes redemption, fulfillment and/or entry), to enable them to develop marketing campaigns, audience insights, look-alike models and/or to market third party’s products/services to you, and for the purposes of identifying respondents for re-contact surveys or communications.
• Our client or their customers, if we believe that you have or may violate the intellectual property rights of a third party or our Terms of Service http://web.peanutlabs.com/privacy-policy/ .
• With a third party in connection with any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
• As otherwise permitted pursuant to this Policy or (i) if we are required to disclose Personal Data about you by law or legal process, (ii) in response to a request from a court, law enforcement authorities, or government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
We may allow a client to collect Personal Data directly from you. You are free to provide them with your Personal Data. In these situations, we enter into a written agreement with our clients to, among other things, limit their use of the Personal Data.
4. Your Rights and Choices
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to:
• Opt out of certain collection and use of your Personal Data when we provide the Service. For more information, please log into your account and change your preferences.
3• Opt out of the collection and use of certain information, which we collect about you by automated means. In certain jurisdictions, you can exercise your choice regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies via the Cookie Consent tool. Your browser may tell you how to be notified of and opt out of having certain types of cookies placed on your device. Note that without certain cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our websites, apps or online services.
• Request access to and receive information about the Personal Data we maintain about you, to update and correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, to restrict or to object to the processing of your Personal Data, to have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or to exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer information to another company. In addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
• Withdraw any consent you previously provided regarding the processing of your Personal Data, at any time and free of charge. We will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before your consent withdrawal.
Those rights may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.
You can stop all collection of Personal Data and other information by us by uninstalling the Services or terminating your participation in all panels. You may use the standard uninstall processes available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network or you may cancel your panelist account on the panel site.  Please note that if you delete the mobile application, but maintain a profile with one of our websites, we may still collect Personal Data and other data from you through our websites. Uninstalling the mobile application will not delete all information collected by us prior to uninstalling the Services. To delete all information collected by us please contact us as set forth below.
If you would like to exercise your rights described above or terminate your account, please contact us as specified in the “How to Contact Us” section below.
5. Data Security and Data Retention
We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to protect Personal Data and other information disclosed or collected by us against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. We review, monitor, and evaluate our privacy practices and protection systems on a regular basis. Despite the safeguards we implement, transmissions over the Internet or a mobile network are not totally secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of online transmissions. We are not responsible for any errors by individuals in submitting Personal Data to us.
We also take measures to delete your Personal Data or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of products and services requested by or provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrolment with our products or services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
6. Data Transfers
Your Personal Data may be transferred to recipients in countries other than the country where you are located, including to the United States where Research Now’s parent company and Survey Sampling International is headquartered. These countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your Personal Data to other countries, we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed to you at the time of the collection.
If you are located in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we comply with applicable legal requirements providing adequate safeguards for the transfer of Personal Data to third countries.
7. Do Not Track
Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a preference in your browser that you can set to notify websites that you visit that you do not want the websites to collect certain information about you. RN SSI does not respond to DNT signals. If you object to RN SSI’s practice with regards to DNT signals, you may opt-out from participation or use of RN SSI’s services as described below.
In connection with RN SSI’s online ad effectiveness program, RN SSI permits RN SSI’s subcontractors, partners and/or clients to drop, set, and/or write third party technologies for the purpose of facilitating audience measurement and ad recall survey activities. RN SSI is not responsible for any third party’s compliance with or response to DNT signals.
8. No Children
The Service is not designed for, or intended for use by, any individual under the age of 16 We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 16, and if we became aware that we have inadvertently collected Personal Data from a child under the age of 16, we will undertake reasonable commercial efforts to delete such Personal Data.
9. Updates to This Privacy Policy
This Global Privacy Notice may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our Personal Data practices. We will post a prominent notice on relevant websites to notify you of any significant changes to our Global Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the Notice when it was most recently updated. If we update our Global Privacy Notice, in certain circumstances, we may seek your consent.
10. How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments regarding our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy or if you would like to opt out of certain uses of your Personal Data, exercise your rights in relation to the Personal Data we hold about you or make a complaint about our privacy practice, please feel free to contact Research Now Limited or Survey Sampling International LLC as described below.
• Research Now Limited: write to us at privacy@surveysampling.com  or to 160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor, London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF, Attention: Data Protection Officer.
• Survey Sampling International LLC: write to is at privacy@surveysampling.com or to 6 Research Drive, Shelton, CT 06484 United States.
隐私权政策
下述各项为针对 中国 居民的 Research Now Group, Inc. 的隐私权政策，同时也是 Research Now Group Limited 的政策，其注册地址为：160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF，该公司代表其自身及 Research Now Group 公司家族的所有成员（包括下文列出的 Survey Sampling International, LLC 的全球所有关联企业，以下统称“RN”）。所有此类全球实体应有权访问根据本政策收集的个人资料，并且可能会在您的居住国以外的地方（包括美国）访问和/或存储此类数据。
首次生效日期：2000 年 2 月 24 日
本版本：于 2018 年 5 月 7 日生效
以下内容阐述了 RN 提供的 RN 在线小组社区、网站和/或移动应用程序（统称为“应用程序/服务”）的隐私权政策。
本隐私权政策阐明了 RN 对本政策中定义的 RN 服务以及其他 RN 和第三方活动（统称为“非研究活动”）相关的个人资料或个人可识别信息（简称“PII”）及其他信息的收集、使用和披露。RN 服务为您提供加入小组的机会，参与由 RN 或第三方实施的调查（无论是以小组成员还是非小组成员的身份），使用与小组相关的网站，使用与小组相关的应用程序/服务，还可接收和兑换奖品和奖励，包括但不限于，向小组成员和/或完成调查的人员提供抽奖机会（统称为“服务”）。非研究活动包括但不限于 RN 向您推销 RN 服务和/或第三方向您推销第三方服务，以及/或者通过与第三方共享个人和/或聚合资料数据，建立营销见解和/或受众/类似模型。本隐私权政策中对非研究活动进行了更详细的描述。
您对 RN 应用程序/服务的使用纯属自愿，因此 RN 对您与应用程序/服务、非研究活动和本隐私权政策相关的 PII 的处理会征得您的同意。
由第三方实施的调查和因此收集的数据不受本隐私权政策的限制。注册、使用和访问 RN 服务须受 RN 条款和条件的制约。多数情况下，RN 并不是调查的发起人，调查工具、调查结果或调查数据均属于调查发起人。
本隐私权政策中所有有关“RN”的援引均包括 RN 及其母公司、子公司和附属公司。所有的“我们”或“我方”均指代 RN。所有的 PII 均存储在位于美国的服务器上，这也是 RN 服务器的所在地，RN 全球员工和/或代理商均可访问。就本政策而言，调查对象是指参与 RN 服务（包括被动收集数据）和/或参与本政策中提及的非研究活动的任何个人。就本政策而言，在线包括移动网络浏览。
应用程序/服务收集哪些个人资料和其他信息，如何使用这些信息？
RN 会在调查前和调查过程中向非小组成员收集 PII、敏感信息和人口统计信息。
您提交的其他信息。
您（例如，在完成调查时）可提交、上传或传送内容或材料，包括但不限于照片、视频和/或其他任何可能包含您的 PII 的相似或相关的内容或材料（简称为“用户内容”）。收集、使用和披露用户内容中包含的 PII 时，应当依照本隐私权政策。用户内容不应包含除您本人以外的任何人员的音频、视频、图像或类似内容。
通过自动化方式收集的信息：
地理位置数据。应用程序/服务会请求您允许我们从您的移动设备获取您的地理位置信息，无论应用程序/服务是否打开，均可能随时提供这类地理位置信息。如果您同意共享您的地理位置数据并用于下文中“RN 对信息的使用”中的用途，RN 还将使用您的位置信息为您提供参与基于位置的调查和市场调研并/或与第三方客户共享这类地理位置数据的选项，以展现应用程序/服务参与者的特定位置和/或交通模式。另外，RN 可能会与第三方供应商共享您的地理位置数据，以识别您的位置附近的商户地址，如店铺或餐厅。若欲进一步了解这些供应商，请访问 https://www.placed.com，网站中介绍了供应商提供的服务和地理位置数据的使用方式，包括供应商将这类数据用于基于位置的广告。
广告网络也可以使用地理位置数据，为您提供基于位置的广告。下文中详细介绍了广告网络使用数据和退出的方式。
Cookie 和类似技术。Cookie 是在设备中存储某些数据的小型文件。会话 Cookie 会在您关闭浏览器时终止。Cookie 将会一直驻留在您的设备中，直至删除或到达预定义的有效期限。您可以将浏览器设定为在接收 Cookie 文件时发出提醒。其他地理和人口统计信息（例如下文中定义的受众调查数据）可能会与第三方共享并与您设备上的 Cookie 相关联。
在依照适用法律要求经过您的同意之后，我们可能会出于多种目的存放、编写、设置和/或读取第一方和第三方 Cookie 文件及其他类似或相关的技术和设备识别符（如 IDFA、AAID 等），此类目的包括但不限于提供更好的调查体验、质量控制和验证应用，启动或促进参与调查活动的展开，对已完成调查或其他完成活动进行追踪，对欺骗进行识别和/或预防，在线广告效果研究，网站追踪和受众调查，建立受众见解和/或营销活动相关的类似模型，以及为个人定向广告和其他内容。但是，就某些 Cookie 文件和/或类似或相关技术而言，如果您决定不接受 Cookie 文件，就无法使用应用程序/服务。
下文详细介绍了 Cookie 文件：
Accordant
数字指纹。一般而言，数字指纹技术会根据您设备的技术设置、特点和 IP 地址，向您的设备分配一个唯一的识别符。RN 将数字指纹技术用于质量控制和验证应用、欺骗识别和/或预防，包括但不限于识别重复和实施欺骗的调查回复者。在依照适用法律要求经过您的同意之后，RN 会直接或通过第三方供应商实施和使用数字指纹技术。
水印。一般而言，水印技术涉及在您的设备上使用一项技术或放置一个文件，以便确定其曾被用于注册或访问该应用程序/服务或服务。水印技术用于质量控制和验证应用、欺骗识别和/或预防。在依照适用法律要求经过您的同意之后，RN 会直接或通过第三方供应商参与水印活动。有时，我们可能会出于本隐私权政策所述目的，使用通过自动化方式收集的信息和其他信息，跨平台或跨设备（如智能手机、计算机、平板电脑或相关浏览器）地识别用户（或家庭）。
从第三方收集的信息
RN 如何使用收集到的信息？
RN 对信息的使用：
重新定向。RN 可能不时地聘用一个或多个第三方在 RN 的一个或多个网站上展示广告，或在其他网站（例如社交媒体网站）上管理 RN 的广告。RN 的第三方合作伙伴可能会使用 Cookie 或识别数据元素等技术手段。包括但不限于您的 IDFA 或广告 ID，以收集您在 RN 网站和/或其他网站上的活动相关信息，以便：(i) 为您提供有关 RN 及其服务的广告和/或 (ii) 帮助 RN 制定营销和广告活动，以定位拥有与您相似的社交和人口统计资料的目标人群。如果 RN 正在实施重新定向计划，并且您不愿参加此计划，那么请通过本隐私权政策或 RN 独立的 Cookie 通知中详述的适用 Cookie 退出流程选择退出，方法是修改您的 IDFA 或广告 ID 并/或在广告内取消订阅。
受众见解/类似模型。RN 和/或第三方可能会使用向您收集的 PII 并/或将此类 PII 与第三方 Cookie 相关联，从而建立与营销活动相关的受众见解和/或类似模型。
在线广告效果。关于 RN 在线广告效果计划，您可以参与 RN 正在为客户检测的与广告、推广活动、内容、计划和/或网站相关的调查。为了促进完成这些调查，RN 客户可编写、设置或阅读 Cookie、局部共享/存储的项目、Flash Cookie 和/或任何其他相关的技术（单独及统称为“第三方技术”）。第三方技术可在不同的地方进行编写、设置或阅读，包括但不限于 RN 服务器或系统。如果您参与，您的 UID 将会存储于第三方技术中或与第三方技术关联，以便其就在线广告或推广活动再次与您联系，同时 RN 客户将使用第三方技术来确定您是否看到或点击了在线广告或推广活动，或以其他的方式与在线广告或推广活动进行互动。如果您已参与在线广告或推广活动，则 RN 客户会将您的 UID 和具体的调查发送给 RN，随后 RN 将会向您提供完成调查的机会。
受众调查数据。除了使用和共享与前文所述的在线广告效果研究相关的受众调查数据（如下文中定义）外，RN 可能将之前其收集的您的 UID 和数据（包括但不限于年龄、性别、收入、家庭成员数、教育/教育水平和就业状况，统称“受众调查数据”）与第三方共享，包括但不限于负责针对内容、广告、活动以及您访问、查看和/或点击的网站开展受众调查报告的 RN 分包商、合作伙伴和/或客户。受众调查数据与在线广告效果研究将共同用于协助创建、开发和实施网站、在线广告、其他互联网和数字媒体特征、功能以及活动。受众调查数据可能会通过单一汇总的形式（即个人回复调查者的水平）或聚合汇总的形式（即小组的回复调查者）与第三方共享。
广告商/广告网络如何使用我的信息？
广告合作伙伴对信息的使用。
https://www.voicefive.com/preferences.aspx
https://www.safecount.net/viewyourcookiesinformation_optinout
https://n01d01.cumulus-cloud.com/ssi/optout.php
此外，RN 和/或代表 RN 的代理商或供应商会向您发送有关以下主题的电子邮件：调查邀请、调查参与、奖励或激励信息、咨询和兑换、实时通讯、本隐私权政策或法律所要求的通知、抽奖或推广优惠、中奖或获得优惠通知，以及对您的问题的回答。
如果您向 RN 提供了您的电话号码，那么 RN、RN 客户和/或分包商也可能会就以下账户事宜通过电话联系您，包括但不限于：(i) 您参与过或正在参与的调查；(ii) 奖励信息、咨询和/或兑换；(iii) 抽奖或推广优惠以及兑奖；(iv) 回答您的问题；(v) 本隐私权政策相关通知；(v) 其他调查邀请和/或计划；和/或 (vi) 验证您提供的资料信息。
RN 是否会与第三方共享通过应用程序/服务收集到的个人资料和其他信息？
(iv) 如果您注册一个以上小组，则会在 RN 小组之间披露或传输；
(v) 对于 RN 母公司、子公司或附属公司而言：(1) 企业改组或重组；或 (2) 根据隐私权政策或您的授权使用和处理；
(vi) 提供给 RN 和/或 RN 客户授权的代理商和/或分包商，所提供的服务包括但不限于数据追加服务、数据验证服务、欺骗识别和/或预防服务、数据库匹配服务、编码服务、奖励和激励兑现以及抽奖相关服务；
(vii) 供客户在有限市场研究相关的情况下使用，包括但不限于建模、验证、数据追加、数据库分割、奖励和激励以及抽奖兑现、履行和/或参加；
(viii) 与所有权或控制权变更相关，包括但不限于 RN 任何或所有商业资产的合并或收购，前提是接收或获取个人资料的一方同意按照本隐私权政策的要求使用、保护并维护个人资料的安全性、完整性和机密性；
(ix) 当 RN 或第三方认为您已经或可能违背了第三方的知识产权时，向客户或客户的客户共享；
(x) 当 RN 或第三方认为您违背了服务条款时，向客户或客户的客户共享；
(xi) 向第三方共享，包括 RN 研究客户和参与非研究活动的第三方，帮助这些第三方监理营销活动、受众见解、类似模型和/或向您推销这些第三方的产品/服务；以及
(xi) 本隐私权政策允许的其他情况。
除了上述情况之外，如果您通过与 RN 有合同关系的第三方注册并/或通过由第三方公司发送的建议您加入我们的应用程序/服务的电子邮件注册（统称“计划合作伙伴”），RN 可能会与邀请您参与计划的计划合作伙伴共享经过挑选的注册信息，包括您的全名、邮政编码和您的电子邮件地址。您承认，我们的计划合作伙伴可以依据其隐私权政策收集、使用和披露上述信息。请注意，在您与计划合作伙伴直接进行交易的情况下，对于该计划合作伙伴对您的信息采取的行动或任何计划合作伙伴的隐私做法，RN 不承担任何责任。
请注意，RN 可能会允许客户直接向调查对象收集 PII。披露纯属自愿，在收集信息之前，客户须同 RN 达成书面协议，除了其他方面外，将限制 PII 的使用。
RN 可能会许可第三方（如数据分析员、数据聚合商等）为其自身非研究目的使用某些 PII，包括但不限于为了建立受众见解和/或类似模型、向第三方客户销售这类数据、开展分析和提供营销情报，以及/或者让第三方向您推销其产品/服务而许可使用个人和/或聚合数据（如产品和/或服务购买或使用活动、社交媒体活动、网站访问数据、互联网搜索历史等）。
此外，为了识别调查对象、重新联系调查或通讯信息、欺骗识别和/或预防、数据库匹配、数据验证、数据追加、编码、数据分割、奖励和激励以及/或抽奖或推广优惠相关的服务，通过自动化方式收集的 UID 和信息将会提供给第三方，包括但不限于客户、合作伙伴、代理商和/或供应商。
结合您的调查数据，RN 或客户可能会将某些人口统计属性与您相关联。RN 还会与第三方（包括但不限于客户）共享在登记过程中或通过其询问的特定个人信息问题时收集到的地理数据和/或人口统计信息。这些数据可能会在个人调查对象层面上或通过聚合汇总的形式（如一组调查对象）与第三方共享。如果您自愿披露与您的调查数据和回复相关的个人资料，并且 RN 收集调查数据和回复，那么 RN 会将该调查数据和回复、UID 和自愿披露的个人资料转交给相关的 RN 客户。
我如何才能退出某一类数据的收集和/或使用？
本应用程序/服务用户有多种退出方法：
自账户终止、账户闲置和/或卸载应用程序/服务之日起的六个月间，RN 可能会将您的 PII 传输至第三方数据分析员和/或数据管理平台，由该第三方转售/再利用。如果您不希望自己的 PII 用于非研究活动，并且/或者您不同意在您的账户终止和/或从您的设备中删除应用程序/服务后 RN 与第三方共享您的 PII，请通过邮箱 privacy@surveysampling.com 联系我们
iOS 位置数据退出
iOS 取消推送通知
您可以取消应用程序/服务的推送通知，方法是：
• 在“应用程序”中找到相关应用（QuickThoughts 或 iPoll）并选中。
• 找到“显示通知”复选框，根据您的偏好开启或关闭。
广告网络 退出信息
Google Admob
能否让 RN 停止追踪我的在线活动？
请勿追踪（“DNT”）是您可以在浏览器中设定的偏好设置，用于通知您访问的网站您不想让其采集关于您的特定信息。RN 不回应 DNT 信号。如果您反对 RN 关于 DNT 信号的做法，您可以选择退出参与或使用以下描述的 RN 服务。
与 RN 的在线广告效果计划相关，RN 允许 RN 的分包商、合作伙伴和/或客户为协助受众调查和广告回忆调查活动之目的放弃、使用和/或编写第三方技术。RN 对任何第三方符合或回应 DNT 信号要求的事项不承担责任。欲获取关于 RN 的在线广告效果计划的更多信息，请查阅此隐私权政策中的 Cookie 部分。
我的个人资料和其他信息将会保存多长时间？
我如何访问应用程序/服务收集的与我相关的个人资料和其他信息？
应用程序/服务收集的个人资料和其他信息有哪些安全保障？
若我对本隐私权政策有疑问，我可以联系谁？
RN 的法律部门负责保证 RN 遵守本隐私权政策。
RN 集团内是否有任何公司可以收集、存储和处理 PII？
55 East 52nd Street, 34th Floor New York, NY 10055
Research Now Group, Inc.
e-Rewards Services, Inc.
180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104 AND 6430 Sunset Blvd., Suite 1506 Los Angeles, CA 90028 AND 58 West 40th Street, 16th Floor New York, NY 10018
e-Miles, Inc.
Peanut Labs, Inc.
IPinion, Inc.
Research Now, Inc. (US)
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024 AND 180 Montgomery Street, Suite 1700 San Francisco, CA 94104
Research Now DE I, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now DE II, LLC
5800 Tennyson Parkway, Suite 600 Plano, TX 75024
Research Now Inc. (Canada)
250 Yonge Street, Suite 1800 Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5B 2L7
Research Now Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Bidco Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
e-Rewards Europe Limited
160 Queen Victoria Street, Ground Floor London, United Kingdom EC4V 4BF
The Mobile Channel Limited
The Mobile Panel Limited
Behringstrasse 28a 22765 Hamburg, Germany AND Am Soldermoos 17 85399 Halbergmoos, Germany
Research Now Italy S.r.l.
Research Now Netherlands B.V.
Research Now SAS (France)
Research Now Technology Hellas
Research Now India Private Limited
10th Floor, Building #14, Tower BDLF, Phase 3, Cyber City, Gurgaon 122002 India
Research Now Consulting (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.
Research Now PTE Ltd.
Research Now Japan G.K.
Research Now Pty Ltd. (AU)
Level 1, 140 Williams Street Sydney NSW 2011 Australia AND Suite 204, Waterfront City 425 Docklands Ddrive Docklands, VIC 3008 Australia
Research Now Pty Ltd. (NZ)
Suite F, Level 3, 18 Northcroft Street Takapuna, Auckland 0622 New Zealand
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Midlle East FZ-LLC
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Spain, S.L.
Research Now Servicos Do Brasil Ltda.
Research Now Middle East FZ-LLC
• Survey Sampling International, LLC, 6 Research Drive, Shelton CT 06484 USA
• Sampling Europe BV – Weena 161, 3013 CK Rotterdam, Netherlands.
• Survey Sampling Bulgaria EOOD – Triaditza area, #82, Patriarh Evtimii street, 1463, Sofia, Bulgaria.
• SSI Denmark ApS – Frederiksholms Kanal 4B, DK-1220, Copenhagen K Copenhagen
• Survey Sampling France SASU – 22 rue de Dunkerque, 75010 Paris, France
• Survey Sampling Germany GmbH – Kaiserstrasse 13, 60311 Frankfurt am Main, Deutschland
• Survey Sampling RO S.R.L. – 12 Popa Sapca Street, Timisoara 300057
• Survey Sampling Spain S.L. – C/ Carranza, 25, 2ª planta, 28004, Madrid, Spain
• SSI Sweden AB – Drakens Gränd 8, 111 30 Stockholm, Sweden
• Survey Sampling UK Ltd. – India House, 2nd Floor 45 Curlew Street London SEI 2nd United Kingdom
• Survey Sampling Hong Kong Ltd. – 6/F, Hollywood Centre, 233 Hollywood Road, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong
• SSI Beijing Co. Ltd. – CBD International Mansion, Room 901A, No. 16 Yongandongli, Chaoyang District, Beijing 100022, China
• Survey Sampling Australia Pty. Ltd. – Level 11, 131 York Street, Syndey NSW 2000, Australia
• Survey Sampling Singapore PTE Ltd. – #58 Republic Plaza, 9 Raffles Place, Singapore 048619
• Survey Sampling International Services Company S.De R.L. De C.V. – Cordoba 42, Piso 9, Col. Roma Norte/Del. Cuauhtemoc, Mexico, D.F. 06700.
• Survey Sampling Korea Ltd. – Level 4, 27-8, Gukjegeumyung-ro 8-gil Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul Korea 150-998
• Survey Sampling Japan GK – 3F KK Building, I-8-5, Shinkawa, Chuo-Ku, 104-0033, Tokyo, Japan
• SSI Do Brasil Pesquisa de Mercado Ltda. – Rua das Olimpiadas, 205 – 40 ander 04551-000, Sao Paulo, Brasil
• SSI Philippines Inc. – PIPC Bldg 7, MEPZ II, Basak, Lapu-Lapu, Cebu 6015, Philippines
• MRops Programming India Private Ltd. – 8th Floor, Block 1, My Home Hub, Madhapur, Hyderabad, TG 500081
• Mountain West Research Center L.C.
• Survey Sampling Hungary Kft. – Csapo Street 42, 3rd Floor, 4032 Debrecen, Hungary.
PEANUT LABS
