Protecting Your Personal Information: ditech Privacy Policies
Ditech recognizes the importance of your privacy and protecting your Personal Information while you are visiting our websites. It is our goal to provide our Customers with the opportunity to access and use our products and services in a secure environment.
We recognize your expectation of privacy.
We understand that you expect us to maintain proper safeguards to protect your confidential information, and we recognize the need for security in the protection of your privacy. Thus, we have established policies and procedures to prevent misuse of your information.
We collect, use and retain information about you only for legitimate business purposes.
We gather, use and keep information about you only if required by law, or we believe that the information is necessary to administer our business, and/or to serve your interests by providing you with products, services, and other opportunities. Your information is processed through secured servers certified as such by GoDaddy.
“Cookies” are small files that are stored on your computer. They contain website addresses and codes that your browser sends to websites every time you visit them. We may send cookies to your computer to enhance your online experience, primarily by allowing us to recognize you as a Customer or previous visitor and to store your personal preferences.
We may also use remarketing ads displayed through third-party vendors such as Google to reach users, based on their past interactions with us. Third-party vendors use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s previous visits to our website. To opt out of Google’s use of cookies for remarketing purposes, you can visit Google’s Ads Preference Manager. Alternatively, to opt out of the use of other third-party vendor’s use of cookies visit the Network Advertising Initiative Opt-Out Page.
“Web beacons” are small graphics images (usually invisible) embedded in web pages or e-mails. We may use web beacons to track (1) how users navigate our website (for example, to note how long a webpage was viewed) and (2) what recipients of our HTML e-mails do with them (for example, to determine whether they are deleted, skimmed, opened, printed, forwarded, etc.). Although cookies and web beacons do not store personally identifiable information, if you choose to provide personally identifiable information through our website, that information can be linked to the technical information stored in cookies and web beacons. You may set your browser to reject cookies from us and/or any other website. In addition, you may set your browser to display HTML e-mails as text only, which may prevent the use of some web beacons. (Note that some areas of our website may be accessed, now or in the future, only in conjunction with cookies or web beacons; thus, disabling cookies or web beacons might prevent you from accessing content in those areas.) Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
Your ongoing use of our website and HTML e-mails constitutes your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and your acknowledgment of our described use of cookies and web beacons.
We maintain accurate information.
We have procedures in place for maintaining and updating information about our Customers in accordance with commercial standards. We provide 800 numbers on all applications and other financial documents used by those visiting our websites, for your convenience. If at anytime you would like to change information you have provided to us online, please telephone the number provided on the form or write to us at the address provided to you on the form you sent to us online.
We have policies and procedures limiting employee access to your Personal Information.
We maintain procedures and security levels to limit employee access to your personally identifiable information to those employees with a business reason for knowing such information. Our employees are trained on Customer confidentiality and privacy. We take appropriate disciplinary measures to enforce employee privacy responsibilities.
We maintain security procedures to protect your Personal Information.
We maintain appropriate security standards and procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access. We periodically upgrade and test these security procedures and safeguards. Current Ditech Customers can also update your privacy preferences .  To view our policy on sharing information with others, please choose one of the following: Personal information policy for Customers in Vermont | Personal information policy for Customers in California | Personal information policy for Customers in other states including Texas and Alaska  | Delaware Online Privacy Notice . If you don’t have the Adobe Reader installed on your computer, scroll down to the bottom of the page and click on the Adobe graphic button to download it.
We restrict the disclosure of account information.
We do not reveal specific information about you or your account(s) or other personally identifiable data outside of the Ditech family unless (1) the information is provided to help complete a transaction initiated by you; (2) you request it; (3) the disclosure is required or allowed by law; or (4) you have been informed about the possibility of such disclosure for marketing or similar purposes and we have given you the opportunity to decline.
We maintain your privacy in business relationships with third parties.
We do not sell Personal Information to third parties. However, sometimes it is necessary to provide your personally identifiable information to third parties such as vendors or service companies that we hire to assist us in the preparation and handling of your account.
We disclose our privacy commitment to our Customers.
We want our Customers to understand our commitment to privacy issues and our use of confidential Customer information. Furthermore, we want our Customers to feel confident that their privacy is protected. Our Customers may obtain a copy of this policy by calling our Customer Service Center (1-800-643-0202) or by writing to our Customer Service Center:
Corporate Finance Department
1700 Landmark Towers
345 St. Peter St.
St. Paul, MN 55102
Ditech uses Adobe .pdf format to share secure documents with borrowers, such as electronic statements. If your device is not able to open these documents, it’s a simple matter of downloading Adobe Reader, a free product from Adobe. To download and install Adobe Reader, go to http://get.adobe.com/reader/ .
Attention Nevada Residents
Ditech collects through its website and/or online services the following categories of information (“Information”) about consumers who use or visit its website and/or online services:
A consumer’s first and last name
A consumer’s home or other physical address that includes the name of a street and the name of a city or town
A consumer’s e-mail address
A consumer’s telephone number
A consumer’s Social Security number
An identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online and
Other information (for example, a consumer’s birth date) that, in combination with an identifier, makes the information personally identifiable.
Ditech may share this Information with affiliates and/or nonaffiliates, as allowed by law. Consumers who use or visit the Ditech website or online service can review and request changes to any of their Information that is collected through the website or online service, via the website or online service, prior to submitting an application.   Once an application has been submitted, consumers must contact their Home Loan Specialist to request any changes.   Consumers who use or visit MyAccount can review and request changes to their e-mail address and cell phone number on the My Profile page in MyAccount. Other requested changes in MyAccount can be made by contacting Ditech toll free at 1-800-643-0202.
Prior to submitting an application, Ditech will not make any material changes to the Information that is collected through the website or online service and does not share the information with any third parties.    Once an application has been submitted, consumers will be notified in writing of any material changes to the Information collected and information may be shared in accordance with Ditech’s Privacy Policy as disclosed on the Privacy Policy link at the bottom of this page.
Ditech may permit a third party to collect Information about consumers’ online activities over time and across different Internet websites or online services when the consumers use the Ditech website or online service. Please click here to be directed to our privacy page, which provides information on what type of information may be collected.
Effective date August 31, 2015
Our Hours
Please Note
You are leaving the ditech website and going to a website that ditech does not control. We do not endorse the owner of that website or the information contained on it. We are not responsible for the content of that website. Be advised that third-party websites may have different privacy information sharing policies than ditech. You should review those policies before you provide any of your personal or confidential information.
Back
Continue
Please Note
You are leaving the ditech website and linking to the website of Assurant Insurance Agency. This link is provided for your convenience only in connection with your current mortgage loan, and is not intended to be provided in connection with any potential refinance or purchase loan transaction. YOU CAN PURCHASE PROPERTY INSURANCE FROM THE INSURER OF YOUR CHOICE. We are not responsible for the content of Assurant's website, which is governed by information sharing policies that may be different than ditech's. You should review those policies before you provide any personal or confidential information on that website.
Back
Continue
