This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 22nd, 2018
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how RIVS, Inc. (“RIVS,” “we” or “us”) and its subsidiaries (Thrive, InterviewGuide Builder, and InterviewStream Prep) collect, use and share personally identifiable information of visitors of our web site  www.rivs.com  (the “Site”) and users of our digital interview application (the “Services”). The use of information collected through the Services shall be limited to the purpose of providing those Services to our customers. By using the Site and/or Services, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
RIVS has committed to work with the European Data Protection Authorities to ensure our practices are compliant with both the Privacy Shield framework and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Should you have any questions or complaints in regards to our privacy policy or practices please contact us at privacy@rivs.com. If you are not satisfied with our response you may contact the  European Data Protection Authorities here .
U.S-E.U. Privacy Shield
RIVS complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield  Frameworks, as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States.  RIVS has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit  https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, RIVS commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact RIVS at privacy@rivs.com
RIVS has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit  https://www.jamsadr.com  for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.
GDPR
RIVS continually works to maintain GDPR compliance. We understand our role as a processor of EU personal data and take seriously our responsibility to maintain oversight of privacy and security practices and securely process data. We have implemented the required GDPR controls throughout the organization. The learn more about GDPR, please visit  https://www.eugdpr.org/
VeraSafe has been appointed as RIVS’s representative in the European Union for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to privacy@rivs.com, only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form: https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article- 27-representative
Alternatively, VeraSafe can be contacted at:
Matthew Joseph
VeraSafe Ireland Ltd
Unit 3D North Point House North Point Business Park New Mallow Road
Cork T23AT2P
Information We Collect and How We Use It
You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We do not collect personally identifiable information from our Site visitors without the Site visitor providing us with this information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If you request to receive company or product information or request an online demonstration of the Services, you will be asked to complete the online demo request form on our Site that asks for your name, title, e-mail address, company name, and phone number. We use the information from the request form to deliver the requested information and/or provide you with the online demonstration of the Services.
In order to become a registered user of the Services, RIVS requires you to create a user account. To register for a user account, you must provide the following personally identifiable information:
If you are an employer, you must provide your company’s name and e-mail address of a contact at your company.
If you are an employee of an employer, you must provide your name, e-mail address, and phone.
If you are a jobseeker, the information that you need to provide is determined by the employer who is using RIVS to review candidates for their job opening or similar opportunity
Providing any additional information beyond what is required at registration is optional.
Aggregate Information
RIVS may also automatically collect and analyze information about your general usage of the Site and Services and store it in log files. When you perform certain actions using the Services, RIVS may track your usage patterns to see what features of the Site and Services you commonly use, Site traffic volume, frequency of visits, type and time of transactions, type of browser, browser language, IP address and operating system, and statistical information about types of jobs offered and qualifications of jobseekers. RIVS will collect, track and analyze such information in an aggregate manner that does not personally identify you. This aggregate data may be used by RIVS and third party vendors to assist RIVS in operating the Site and the Services and provided to other third parties to enable them to better understand the operation of RIVS’ business, but such information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable data. RIVS may also gather information about you (that you voluntarily submit to RIVS) when you log-in to the Services, provide feedback to RIVS and/or send or receive communications regarding the Services.
RIVS may use your personally identifiable information to register you to use the Services and provide you with the Services; verify your authority to enter the Site and access the Services; notify you of Services updates; improve the content and general administration of the Site and the Services; provide you with notices regarding the Services and other services that you have purchased or may wish to purchase in the future; and to send you targeted advertising. RIVS does not provide e-mail addresses or any of your personally identifiable information to third parties for marketing purposes.
Children
RIVS recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13 and we endeavor not to collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. RIVS targets its Services and this Site to adults and not to children under 13. If we have found that we have collect personally identifiable information from a child under 13, we will delete this information immediately.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information
We will share your personally identifiable information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, You should be aware that any and all information provided to RIVS and all of the provisions stated herein are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission, or any other authorized body or agency.
Information Related to Data Collected through RIVS Services
RIVS collects information under the direction of its customers, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes except when RIVS uses its services for its own hiring needs. Part of the Services offered by our employer customers includes providing notice to their employees and job-seekers concerning how their personally identifiable information is collected and used. The interview or job application that an employee or other job-seeker submits will be provided only to the specific potential employers that you select when you apply for jobs online. Other employers and recruiters will not have access to your resume or job application unless and until you want them to.
RIVS engages vendors and service agencies to assist us in providing the Services to you, and RIVS will need to share your personally identifiable information (and data generated by cookies and beacons) with these vendors and service agencies. The vendors and service agencies do not receive any right to use your personally identifiable information beyond what is necessary to perform its obligations to provide the Services to you. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, RIVS will not disclose personally identifiable information to third parties, including, but not limited to, companies affiliated with RIVS, without your consent. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the service agreements with our Clients.
Choice and Access to Data Controlled by our Customers
RIVS has no direct relationship with the individual employees and job-seekers whose personal data it processes on our behalf of our customers. Individuals applying or interviewing for jobs with employers that are RIVS customers are identified by their email address that associates all applications and interviews for that individual with that email address. The individual can access their My Interviews page at the Site and transmit requests to the employers to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data in an application. The employer is responsible for complying with the individual’s request. If requested to remove data we will respond within a reasonable timeframe. . RIVS retains an archive copy of the individual’s personal data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as needed to provide services to our Customer and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Additionally, if you are an employee or job-seeker and would no longer like to be contacted by a particular employer or employers, please contact them directly to resolve your concern.
Information Disclosure for Legal and Other Exceptional Reasons
We may also disclose your personally identifiable information: (a) if we are required to do so by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the RIVS Terms of Use or Master Subscription Agreement or (c) to protect our rights and the safety of users of our Site and our Services. In addition, we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which RIVS participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of RIVS assets to which this Site relates. In this case, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.
We may also disclose your personally identifiable information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
Accountability for Onward Transfer
Before RIVS will transfer personal information to a third party acting as a controller, RIVS agrees to comply with the Notice and Choice Principles.   Any such data may only be processed for limited and specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by the individual.  To transfer personal data to a third party acting as an agent, RIVS agrees to: (i) transfer such data only for limited and specified purposes; (ii) ascertain that the agent is obligated to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by RIVS; (iii) take steps to ensure that the agent effectively processes the personal information transferred in a manner consistent with RIV’s obligations; (iv) require the agent to notify RIVS if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligation to provide the same level of protection as is required by RIVS; (v) upon notice, including under (iv), take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing; and (vi) provide a summary or a representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of its contract with that agent to applicable agencies or departments upon request.
Data Retention
RIVS retains personally identifiable information and the personal data we process on behalf of our customers for as long as needed to provide the Services to customers, job-seekers and employees enrolled in those Services. We will retain and use this personally identifiable information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements with customers.
Your Personal Data Rights
If you are a resident or citizen of the European Union, as of May 25, 2018 you will have the rights described below. The Right to Erasure and Right to Portability are new rights provided under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). RIVS, as a processor of your personal data, must receive approval from the employer prior to satisfying requests to exercise these rights.
Right to Withdraw Consent. If you have consented to the use of your Personal Data, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time.
Right to Access Information and Obtain Rectification. You have the right to access and review your Personal Data and have any errors in it corrected.
Right to Object to Processing. You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data.
Right to Erasure. You have the right to request that RIVS erase all of your Personal Data and to no longer store or otherwise process it.
Right to Data Portability. You have the right to obtain an easily readable and transferrable copy of any Personal Data that is processed by automated means and that you provided to RIVS pursuant to a consent or for performance of a contract.
To exercise any of the above rights, submit a request to privacy@rivs.com. RIVS will respond to your request to exercise these rights without delay and within one month.
If you are not satisfied with our response or believe we are processing your personal data not in accordance with the GDPR regulation you can complain to your data protection authority.
Updating, Correcting and Deleting Your Information
RIVS provides an individual that supplies information on the Site with the ability to correct and request the deletion of any of the personally identifiable information that was entered into their profile on the Site. To correct or delete any information in a Site profile, an individual may contact RIVS by e-mailing our customer support at  privacy@rivs.com . We will respond to the request within a reasonable timeframe. Alternatively, you may send a letter with your requested changes, corrections or deletions to the following address:
By Mail:
RIVS, Inc.
Chicago, IL 60606
When an individual terminates their Employer account on the Site, we will remove their profile from the Site. Information supplied by an employee or job seeker in an application or resume submitted to an employer that is a RIVS customer is treated as described above in the section “Choice and Access to Data Controlled by our Customers.”
Transfer of Information
Your personally identifiable information collected on this Site and through the Services is stored and processed in the United States where RIVS (or its agents) currently maintain its computer systems. Your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with the Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
Tracking Technologies
RIVS and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics or online customer support providers, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Beacons are bits of code that function similar to cookies. RIVS’ beacons are embedded in outgoing emails and generate a call back to the RIVS server when such emails are opened. RIVS uses beacons to track the status of sent emails including job or interview invitations sent as RIVS. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.
RIVS uses cookies to identify unique visitors and to provide a personalized user experience. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.
Local Storage Objects/Flash Cookies
We use Local Shared Objects, such as Flash cookies, and Local Storage, such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 cookies to collect and store information.  Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.  To manage Flash cookies, please click here:  http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
Security
The security of your personally identifiable information is important to us. RIVS security practices are described at https://www.rivs.com/security . RIVS employs procedural and technological measures to protect your personally identifiable information. These measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. RIVS may use software, secure socket layer technology (SSL) encryption, password protection, firewalls, internal restrictions and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information such as your log in credentials. However, RIVS cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat these measures or use your personally identifiable information for improper purposes. Therefore, you should be aware that when you voluntarily display or distribute personally identifiable information, that information could be collected and used by others. RIVS is not responsible for the unauthorized use by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available publicly. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at  privacy@rivs.com .
Links to Other Websites
The Site may provide links to third party web sites or resources not associated with RIVS, and over which RIVS does not have control (“External Web Sites”). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by RIVS of the External Web Sites, the content displayed therein, or the persons or entities associated therewith. You acknowledge that RIVS is only providing these links as a convenience, and you agree that RIVS is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the respective terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites. RIVS does not store any information (user name, password) used to access these External Web Sites.
Our Blog
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@rivs.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Testimonials
We display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at  support@rivs.com .
Other Social Media Features and Web-Apps
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, Google+ button, Twitter and Linkedin Share button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Material Changes
RIVS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. RIVS will post the revised Privacy Policy on this Site located at https://www.rivs.com/privacy/ and will either send a notice to the e-mail address that you specified in your registration and/or post notice of the change so it is visible when users log-on for the first time prior to said changes taking effect so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information RIVS may collect and how RIVS may use this information. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.
Optional Arbitration
Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the provisions stated herein shall be subject to jurisdiction in Illinois.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, any person who brings a claim of liability against RIVS may be, under certain conditions, permitted to invoke binding arbitration.  Unless required by law to participate in binding arbitration, You understand that any disputes against RIVS shall be covered by Illinois law without the necessity of arbitration.
Contact Us
We welcome your comments or questions concerning our Privacy Policy. If you would like to contact RIVS regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing us at privacy@rivs.com, or by mail
RIVS, Inc.
Chicago, IL 60606
312.583.7499
