Chinese Menu Online  and any related or affiliate entities respect and protect the privacy      of the individuals that use the Chinese Menu Online website and services. Individually      identifiable information about you is not willfully disclosed to any third      party without first receiving your permission, as explained in this      privacy policy.
Chinese Menu Online  and Cookies
Upon your first visit to the Chinese Menu Online website, Chinese Menu Online sends a "cookie" to your      computer. A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique      user. Chinese Menu Online  uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and      to understand our user base more. Chinese Menu Online  does this by storing user      preferences in cookies and by tracking user trends and patterns of how      people search. Chinese Menu Online will not disclose its cookies to third parties      except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant,      subpoena, statute, or court order.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your      browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.      Be aware, however, that many parts of the Chinese Menu Online may not function      properly if you refuse cookies.
What Information Do We Collect?
Chinese Menu Online does not collect any unique information about you (such as      your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly      provide such information. Chinese Menu Online notes and saves information such as      time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each      query. That information is used to verify our records and to provide more      relevant services to users.
With Whom Does Chinese Menu Online Share Information?
Chinese Menu Online  does share information about you to the restaurant(s) you      register and/or order items from. Chinese Menu Online may share information about      you with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third      parties. However, we only divulge aggregate information about our users      and will not share personally identifiable information with any third      party without your express consent. For example, we may disclose how      frequently the average Chinese Menu Online user visits Chinese Menu Online . Please be      aware, however, that we will release specific personal information about      you if required to do so in order to comply with any valid legal process      such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order.
Your consent and changes to the Privacy Policy
By using the Chinese Menu Online service and our restaurant(s) web site(s), you      consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined      in this policy and to our Terms of Service Policy. Chinese Menu Online may decide      to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post      those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information      we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Who can I ask if I have additional questions?
Feel free to contact us any time and we'll answer any additional questions      you may have. Our email address is info@chinesemenuonline.com.
How to contact us
Northglenn, CO 80233 [ map ]
