Can't decide? Try Anytime Admission™
2-Day General Admission
Select any available date for your first visit. Both visits must occur in a 7-day period
Universal Express™
1-Day General Admission with one-time express access to each ride, attraction and seated show
VIP Experience
CONTINUE
Receive Early Park Admission to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter™ - purchase a ticket or Preferred Hotel Package online from UniversalStudiosHollywood.com
Platinum Annual Pass
No Black-outs! 365 available days plus Universal Express™ privileges, free general parking before 6PM and more!
Gold Annual Pass
plus free general parking before 6PM!
Silver Annual Pass™
Over 250 days available for return visits including over 50 weekend days!
Pay with FlexPay™! Low Monthly Payments!
Learn More
Select Date
CONTINUE
Receive Early Park Admission to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter™ - purchase a ticket or Preferred Hotel Package online from UniversalStudiosHollywood.com
VIP Experience
Exclusive backlot access including areas not open to the public
Escorted express access to rides, attractions and seated shows
Light breakfast and a gourmet lunch in private VIP dining room
Select Date
CONTINUE
Receive Early Park Admission to The Wizarding World of Harry Potter™ - purchase a ticket or Preferred Hotel Package online from UniversalStudiosHollywood.com
Save $10
Smoke In Designated Areas
For the comfort and safety of all Park guests and team members, tobacco smoking will be permitted in our designated smoking area only. E-cigarettes and vaporizers will be treated the same as tobacco products.
Universal Studios Hollywood™ has a tobacco smoking area on the Upper Lot, adjacent to Super Silly Fun Land.  Universal CityWalk also provides two designated tobacco smoking areas.
Marijuana is prohibited.
Conditions Of Entry
For your safety and enjoyment of Universal Studios Hollywood™, please note the following:
All visitors must pass through metal detection before experiencing the theme park.
All bags, backpacks, purses and packages are subject to X-ray and/or additional inspection prior to entering the theme park. Coolers, suitcases and bags with wheels are prohibited.
We recommend you leave unnecessary articles in your car and secure valuables in your trunk.
Prohibited Items
Alcohol
Marijuana
Clothing likely to create a danger or disturbance
Clothing that may create a false impression of employment by Universal or emergency personnel
Segways (unless utilized as an ADA mobility device), hoverboards and drones. Selfie sticks are permitted at Universal’s discretion but must be stowed on rides and attractions and the Studio Tour
Outside Food And Drinks
We offer a variety of food options at restaurants and concession stands throughout our location. However, we understand that guests may need to bring outside food and drinks. Please note the following guidelines:
Acceptable Items
Small snacks
Any food required for special dietary needs
Baby food/baby formula
Soft-sided insulated bags no larger than 8.5″ wide x 6″ high x 6″ deep
Prohibited Items
Glass containers
Open containers
Hard-sided coolers
Soft-sided coolers larger than 8.5″ wide x 6″ high x 6″ deep
You can find our full Code of Conduct here .
 
 
For the safety and convenience of our guests, Universal Studios Hollywood has a Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department Sub-Station on premise at Universal CityWalk Center Court.
Stay in the Know
When you sign up for emails, you'll get special offers,
late-breaking news, and much more.
Like us on Facebook
Pay initial down payment of $134
Then pay remaining balance in 11 low monthly payments billed monthly to your credit card (U.S. billing address required)
No interest on payments
Access your account online
Only available on UniversalStudiosHollywood.com
Terms & Conditions Sample Contract
Because your purchase includes payments with FlexPay™, please read and agree to the contract agreement below:
Date of Contract: XX/XX/XX
(The cost of my credit as a yearly rate) 0%
FINANCE CHARGE
Amount Financed
(The amount of credit provided to me or on my behalf) $XXX.XX
Total of Payments
(The amount I will have paid after I have made all payments as scheduled) $XXX.XX
Total Sales Price
(The total cost of my purchase on credit, including my down payment, of $XXX.XX)$XXX.XX
Payment schedule: 11 monthly payments beginning XX/XX/XX, the first 10 of which shall be $XX.XX and the 11th of which shall be $XX.XX.
See the agreement below for any additional information about nonpayment, default, and any required repayment in full before the scheduled date.
Itemization of Amount Financed:
Amount financed (payment for balance of purchase price)$XXX.XX
Amount to abe paid on your credit card each month for 10 months $XX.XX
Amount to be paid on your credit the final (11th) month $XX.XX
My down payment and all future payments will be charged to my credit card.
PREPAYMENT: I may pay off the amount due in its entirety by credit card at any time without penalty. Partial payments are not permitted. Cash payments are not permitted.
I agree to purchase from Universal Studios Hollywood (USH), 100 Universal City Plaza, Universal City, CA 91608, the number of annual pass(es) printed below (“Passes”). I agree that the Passes are valid for twelve (12) months from the date of first visit that I select at the time of purchase. I authorize USH to charge my credit card or any valid replacement card I supply in the future, for the term of 12 months from the date of purchase based on the amounts set forth above. I acknowledge that, if any monthly payment by credit card is not completed (or is reversed) at any time during the 12 month payment term, my Passes may be suspended and I may be refused admission until the remaining balance is paid.
I agree that I may not cancel this Agreement. If funds available through my credit card account are not sufficient to cover any payment when due, I am responsible for providing USH access to another credit card account to pay the full amount due.
By providing information USH requests, I agree that USH may contact me via phone or email to let me know about my account offers and events. Purchase limit of 9 Passes per credit card number. USH may sell or transfer this Agreement at any time, but I may not sell or transfer this Agreement.
I agree to purchase and accept, or promise to accept, delivery of the Annual Passes, and agree to pay USH or holder the “Total of Payments” identified above by credit card in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, including the Payment Schedule identified above. In addition to all other obligations in this Agreement, I agree to the following:
Revocation and Suspension: My Annual Passes provide me with revocable privileges which may be changed or cancelled by USH at any time without notice. My Annual Passes may be revoked for any reason, including but not limited to, the suspected purchase of my Annual Passes with an unauthorized credit card, missed payments, or if I or anyone for whom I have purchased an Annual Pass under this Agreement uses an Annual Pass for commercial purposes, or engages in activity which USH, in its sole discretion, deems improper, including without limitation, illegal activity or fighting or rowdy behavior at USH’s properties. In the event of revocation, USH or holder will have the right at its election to cancel this Agreement without refund, to continue to collect all amounts due under this Agreement as set forth herein, including all amounts due with respect to a revoked Annual Pass, or, provided that I have or anyone for whom I have purchased an Annual Pass under this Agreement has violated the terms and conditions of this Agreement or of the Annual Passes, to declare the entire balance under this Agreement immediately due and payable. If I or anyone for whom I have purchased an Annual Pass under this Agreement is suspected of violating any provision of this Agreement, any of the Annual Pass terms and conditions, or any other rules, regulations, or policies of USH, USH may suspend the Annual Pass held by such person or persons on a month to month basis subject to an investigation of the alleged violation. USH or holder will continue to collect all monthly payments due under this Agreement, including the monthly payment due for the Annual Pass that has been suspended, during any such month of suspension. Upon conclusion of the investigation and depending upon the findings of such investigation, USH may either reinstate the suspended Annual Pass and extend to cover the period of suspension, or reinstate with extension for the period of suspension, or immediately revoke the Annual Pass. In any event, USH or holder will continue to collect all amounts due under this Agreement as set forth herein.
Blackout Dates, Address Changes and Replacements: My terms and conditions provide information on days that my Annual Pass is not available for use for admission to the USH theme park, if any. All Annual Pass replacements must be done through the Guest Services lobby within the USH theme park. Address changes can be made either through the Guest Services lobby, by calling USH at 1-866-254-8275 or by logging into your FlexPay™ account at https://ush.recurly.com/account/login and updating your account profile. Any address or other contact information changes will not affect the validity of this Agreement or this Agreement’s applicability to my Annual Pass.
Any dispute or claim relating in any way to this Agreement or the Annual Passes purchased under this Agreement will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that I may assert claims in small claims court if my claims qualify. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of California, provided that The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement to arbitrate. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is limited.  However, an arbitrator can award on an individual basis the same damages and relief as a court (including injunctive and declaratory relief or statutory damages), and must follow the terms of this Agreement as a court would.
To begin an arbitration proceeding, I must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing my claim to USH’s registered agent CT Corporation System, 818 West Seventh Street, Suite 930, Los Angeles, CA 90017. The arbitration will be conducted by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules, including the AAA’s Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes. The AAA’s rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA’s rules. In the event that I am able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, USH will pay as much of my filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive, regardless of the outcome of the arbitration, unless the arbitrator determines that my claim(s) were frivolous or asserted in bad faith. Likewise, USH will not seek attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines my claim(s) are frivolous or asserted in bad faith. I may choose to have the arbitration conducted by telephone, based on written submissions, or in person in the county where I live or at another mutually agreed location.
We each agree that any dispute resolution proceedings will be conducted only on an individual basis and not in a class, consolidated or representative action . We also each agree that I or you may bring suit in court to enjoin infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights.
By using USH’s website to purchase and pay for Annual Passes, I consent to enter into the purchase electronically and to receive electronically my contract and disclosures about the purchase (“Documents”). By providing my consent, I confirm that I agree to enter into the transaction electronically and to receive electronically the Documents, which requires that I have a computer with internet access, and the latest version of the Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, Firefox or Safari web browser. If I do not provide my consent, I will not be able to complete a purchase using the website. My consent applies only to this particular purchase and associated Documents, and does not apply to any future transactions. I can withdraw my consent by calling USH at 1-866-254-8275, but my withdrawal will not affect the validity of this purchase or my receipt of the Documents. I may ask USH for a free paper copy of the Documents by calling the same number.
I will be asked to provide my address, telephone number, and other information. If that information later changes, please let USH know by contacting USH at 1-866-254-8275 or by logging into your FlexPay™ account at https://ush.recurly.com/account/login and updating your account profile. By signing below, I acknowledge that I am at least 18 years old and acknowledge having received a copy of this Agreement. I also acknowledge that I have read and understand the terms and conditions and agree to be bound by this Agreement.
Name: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX Credit Card Number: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Address: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Number of Passes on Contract: X                                                        Credit Card Expiration: XX/XX
Name: XXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
 
NOTICE: ANY HOLDER OF THIS CONSUMER CREDIT CONTRACT IS SUBJECT TO ALL CLAIMS AND DEFENSES WHICH THE DEBTOR COULD ASSERT AGAINST THE SELLER OF GOODS OR SERVICES OBTAINED PURSUANT HERETO OR WITH THE PROCEEDS HEREOF. RECOVERY HEREUNDER BY THE DEBTOR SHALL NOT EXCEED ACCOUNTS PAID BY THE DEBTOR HEREUNDER.
Contact Information:
