Privacy Policy
EcoWatch will never, under any circumstances, sell, trade or make public your personal information, unless you designate otherwise. All personal information you provide will remain confidential. You will always have the option to edit the information provided to us or to have your personal information removed from our records.
Email Newsletters
After subscribing to EcoWatch's email list, users will receive email newsletters and other occasional announcements from EcoWatch and our partners. Users can unsubscribe from email newsletters at any time.
Traffic Data
When you visit EcoWatch, our systems collect basic information about your computer, including: IP address (your computer's unique signature), operating system (e.g., Windows 95), browser software (e.g., Microsoft Internet Explorer, Netscape), Internet Service Provider (e.g., AOL). We also collect information about what you view on the site. This information helps provide information about our readership and allows us to better understand the EcoWatch community.
Advertising
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit EcoWatch. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here .
Advertising Privacy Statement
This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC ("AdThrive") for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com . You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org . However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at contact@ecowatch.com and contact AdThrive at info@adthrive.com . If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences icon. (Available in the EU.)
Use of Cookies
EcoWatch employs cookies, which are small text files placed on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to count the number of visitors to our website. The cookie enables us to distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. If visitors decline cookies, some portions of our site that depend on cookies may be inaccessible or slower to access. Cookies also help us diagnose problems with our server.
Discussion Forum
EcoWatch uses the Facebook comment platform. Any information disclosed in these areas becomes publicly available, and therefore you should exercise caution when disclosing personal information.
Survey
EcoWatch will conduct voluntary surveys of site visitors to obtain demographic information about its readers. This information may be compiled and shared with third parties, but no personal details will be traceable or associated with specific readers.
Petitions
EcoWatch hosts two kinds of petitions: petitions run by EcoWatch lobbying government organizations and/or corporations to improve environmental standards and paid petitions sponsored by third parties, typically nonprofits.
For EcoWatch sponsored and 3rd party petitions, the target of the petition and EcoWatch will receive the information provided by the signer.
On petitions that run on EcoWatch, there is a checkbox below the personal information to opt into various newsletters from our sponsors. Sponsors will only receive personal information provided if the user leaves the box opted-in. EcoWatch reserves the right to subscribe all signers of petitions to our email newsletter. A user can unsubscribe from our newsletter at anytime.
Links to Other Sites
EcoWatch contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Children's Guidelines
Protecting the rights of children is important to us. As a result, we do not collect or maintain any information from individuals we know to be under 13 years old, and no part of EcoWatch is intended to attract anyone under 13.
Other Disclosure of Personal Information
EcoWatch will not use or disclose your personal information without your consent, except (i) as described in this privacy policy or (ii) as required by law, court order or as requested by other government or law enforcement authority. This policy does not protect information you post in comments or other public forums within our website.
Contacting EcoWatch
If you have any questions or concerns regarding these policies, you may send an email to contact@ecowatch.com . All requests will be formally reviewed by our staff and will be answered within 48 hours.
EcoWatch reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time without notice, and only the current Privacy Policy may be deemed effective.
Show Comments (
Former U.S. Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) chief Scott Pruitt is in talks with a prominent coal executive about working for him as a consultant, the New York Times and the Washington Post reported Wednesday.
Keep reading... Show less
69 percent of Chicago's office space square footage is now green-certified. Marco Verch / CC BY 2.0
City Energy Project cities once again dominated CBRE's list of greenest U.S. commercial real estate markets. CBRE, the world's largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, released their fourth annual Green Building Adoption Index study in partnership with Maastricht University, examining nationwide commercial building energy use trends and impacts of energy efficiency programs and policies on U.S. building markets.
Keep reading... Show less
Sep. 13, 2018 11:03AM EST
As the federal government prepares for Hurricane Florence this week, alarming photos are raising fresh questions about its response to Hurricane Maria last year.
The photos, first reported by CBS Wednesday after going viral on social media the day before, show potentially millions of water bottles sitting on a runway in Ceiba, Puerto Rico nearly a year after the storm.
Keep reading... Show less
Mario Tama / Getty Images News / Getty Images
By Elizabeth Preza
In a stunning tweet on Thursday, Donald Trump refuted reports that nearly 3,000 people died in Puerto Rico during Hurricane Maria in 2017.
Keep reading... Show less
Sep. 13, 2018 09:48AM EST
A pedestrian uses an umbrella on a hot morning in Los Angeles, CA on Oct. 24, 2017. FREDERIC J. BROWN / AFP / Getty Images
By Daisy Dunne
Restricting global warming to 2°C above pre-industrial levels would prevent large increases in temperature-related deaths across much of the globe, a new study finds.
And keeping warming to 1.5°C—the aspirational target of the Paris agreement —would further limit the number of people dying from temperature extremes in some parts of the world, including in southeast Asia and southern Europe.
Keep reading... Show less
Sep. 13, 2018 09:38AM EST
Excrement from a chicken CAFO leaked from an inundated barn, contaminating water draining into the Neuse River near Seven Springs, North Carolina following Hurricane Matthew in 2016. Waterkeeper Alliance
Keep reading... Show less
WDBJ7 Screenshot / NOAA
By Barbara Gottlieb
As Hurricane Florence churns menacingly toward the Mid-Atlantic coast, residents of South Carolina, North Carolina and Virginia hold their breath, wondering where the massive storm surge, howling winds and torrents of rain will hit hardest.
Keep reading... Show less
Google announced Wednesday it would expand its innovative, street-by-street air pollution mapping program to an international fleet of 50 Google Street View cars, Business Wire reported .
The program is a partnership with Aclima , a San Francisco company that maps air quality on a block-by-block scale.
Keep reading... Show less
Most Read
Most Read
Sign Up
