Last Updated: July 25, 2017
This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the Boot Camp Terms of Use (the “Boot Camp Terms). The terms “Boot Camp,” “we,” and “us” include https://bootcamp.miami.edu and its affiliates and subsidiaries. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the Boot Camp Terms.
The Privacy Policy explains how Boot Camp may:
collect,
disclose
information we obtain through the Boot Camp Service (as defined in the Boot Camp Terms). By using the Boot Camp website (the “Site”) and the Boot Camp Service, you are authorizing us to collect, use and disclosure data related to you and the provision of the Boot Camp Service in accordance with this privacy policy.
“Personal Information” includes information about you that is personally identifying such as your name, email address, home or other physical address, and phone number and which is not otherwise publicly available. Personal Information may include other types of information depending on the definition of that applies in your physical location. Only the legal definition of Personal Information that applies in your location will apply to you under this Privacy Policy.
“Education Records” includes those records that contain information directly related to a student and which are maintained by an educational agency or institution or by a party acting for the agency or institution. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Education Records” includes name, address, email, cell phone, date of birth, race, gender, previous salary information, current industry of employment, enrollment dates, classes taken, attendance, homework completion rate, grades, evaluations, pre-work, participation in career services in general as well as specific events attended, survey data, your portfolio/projects, feedback provided regarding the Boot Camp Service, your instructors, teaching assistants and career services personnel .
Personal Information and Education Records do not include information that has been de-identified or made anonymous.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to check the most recent modification date to ensure that you are aware of any changes. If you do not agree to such changes, you must immediately stop using the Site and Services.
AGREEMENT AND YOUR EXPRESS CONSENT
By using this Site and/or the Boot Camp Service, you accept and hereby expressly consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal information and Education Records in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. In addition, you expressly consent to the receipt of electronic messages from the Boot Camp, including emails and text messages and including promotional emails and text messages. This Consent is effective immediately and remains valid indefinitely. This Consent shall not be voided upon your graduation or withdrawal from the Boot Camp or in the event your educational institution no longer does business with us.
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically to check the most recent modification date to ensure that you are aware of any changes. If we make any material changes to the collection, use or disclosure of Education Records, we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective and you will be required to log in and consent to the changes in order to continue to use the Site. Your continued use of the Site or the Boot Camp Service after any changes signifies your express consent to any such changes. If you do not agree to such changes, you must immediately stop using the Site and the Boot Camp Service. This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 25, 2017.
THE INFORMATION Boot Camp COLLECTS FROM YOU
We collect Personal Information (such as your name, email, login and password details, registrations and applications, postal address and telephone number) when you:
create an account;
register or apply for a Course, either directly or by using your social networking credentials on the Boot Camp Service or a third-party website;
participate in our surveys, promotions and competitions;
sign up for a newsletter;
post information to the Boot Camp Service that includes Personal Information; and
communicate with us, for example to submit queries regarding the Site or the Boot Camp Service.
We also collect information, such as IP address, location data, and anonymous usage statistics, by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technology as you use the Boot Camp Service. See below for more information on our use of cookies on this Site.
Registration. To create an account, you must provide your name, email address, phone number, postal address, and date of birth. You may also provide other optional information, such as race, gender, previous salary information, current industry of employment.
Using the Boot Camp Service. If you post Personal Information in a comment or to a chat room, blog or other public area of the Site, we may collect the information you post. Posted information is also available for viewing and disclosure by other users of the Site, and we have no control over such use. We discourage posting sensitive or Personal Information in comments as they are viewable by the public.
Social Log-In. When you use your social media credentials to register for a Course or to post a comment to the Boot Camp Service, we collect Personal Information from the social media website. For example, when you log in with your Facebook credentials, we may collect the Personal Information you have made publicly available in Facebook, such as your name and profile picture or logo. We may also collect your email address. Please note that our Site is not sponsored or endorsed by any social media sites, which are trademarked and owned by third parties and not by us and which have their own privacy policies and terms of use.
From Third Parties. We may use third parties to perform certain tasks for us, such as facilitating your purchase of a Course. Such third parties will provide us with Personal Information, such as your name, address, and email address, you provide to them so that we have your information for Course rosters.
Customer Support. We may collect Personal Information through your communications with our customer-support, marketing, admissions, student support, career services and sales teams. This information will be used to send you information you have requested from us and to send you promotional email messages. You may unsubscribe from promotional emails by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive from us.
Making Payments. When you make payments to pay for a Course, you must provide Personal Information to our third-party service providers, including first and last name, email address, phone number, mailing address and credit card information.
Promotionsand competitions. If you choose to participate in a promotion or competition, we may collect, use and disclose information as described in the promotion or competition.
Surveys. In most cases, information from surveys will be used on an anonymous basis to help us improve the Boot Camp Service. In certain limited cases, we may disclose information collected by a survey to instructors, teaching assistants, or career coaches in order to provide educational or career support such as tutoring or career counseling.
It is always your choice whether or not to provide us with such information. If you do provide information to the Site, you are giving your express consent to the collection, use, retention and disclosure of the information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you choose not to provide the requested information you may not be able to access the Boot Camp Service or certain features of this Site. You may access or change your information as described below.
Cookies, Automatic Data Collection, and Related Technologies.
The Boot Camp Service collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use it, including your preferences and usage statistics.
When you visit the Boot Camp Service, we and our third-party service providers receive and record information on our server logs, including your IP address, the type of internet browser or device you use any website you have come to the Site from and your operating system.
The Site also uses cookies and similar technology. Cookies are small text files that include a unique reference code placed in a visitors’ device to store their preferences and sometimes track information. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to our Site and will last for longer.
We use cookies for the following reasons:
Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the Site and use its features, such as accessing the secure areas of the Site. They also enable us to deliver services you have asked for.
Examples of strictly necessary cookies set by us are cookies that keep you logged in during your visit on the Site and that enable you to navigate between pages during a browser session so that you can use the Site most efficiently.
Performance cookies: These cookies collect statistical information on how visitors use our Site so that we can make improvements to the Site, how it works and our services. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies visitors. The information that is collected is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Examples of performance cookies set by us are cookies that track website traffic and help us collect data about what users are doing on our Site so that we can improve our website and enhance your overall experience.
Functionality cookies: These cookies allow the Site to remember choices you make such as your user name when you login to your account or the language or region you are in. They may also be used to help you watch a video or comment on a blog and are intended to improve your online experience.
Examples of functionality cookies set by us are cookies that may serve a different version of the Site to you as compared to other users to determine which version works better, cookies that prevent you from seeing different homepages or other split tests in the future, and bookmarking cookies that help us retrieve and display information you stored on our Site for your next visit.
Internet-based advertising Cookies: Our advertising partners use cookies that gather information about the pages you visit on the Site and also other information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in a “market segment”. This information is then used to place interest-based advertisements, which it is believed will be relevant to your market segment. For more information about this type of interest based advertising, and about how to turn this feature off please visit www.youronlinechoices.com. Without these cookies, advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and to your interests.
Examples of internet-based advertising cookies set by us are cookies that tell us where you came from so that we can evaluate marketing and advertising campaigns, cookies that help us determine where you are located so that we can serve you advertisements that are relevant to you based on your location and cookies that help us group you into interest groups with other users so that we can show you advertisements that are relevant to you while you’re on our Site and on other websites.
Some of the cookies on our Site are set by us (first party cookies) and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf.
Most computer and some mobile web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can use your browser to notify you each time a cookie is set or to block and delete cookies from your browser. However, please note that if you do that, the Boot Camp Service may not work properly and you may not be able to take full advantage of the Site or our services. You can learn more about cookies by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser.
In addition to cookies we use the following similar technologies in respect of your use of the Site:
Pixel Gifs/web beacons – these are small image files that may be placed by us or third parties in respect of your use of the Site or within the body of our newsletters so we or third parties can understand which parts of the Site are visited or whether particular content is of interest.
Flash cookies – We do not serve Flash cookies but Adobe Flash Player may be used by third parties serving advertisements to the Site in cases where these advertisements are served with flash related content. It is not possible to block or restrict or block flash cookies using your browser setting, however information on how to do this is available from the Adobe website at: http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security.
HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We use your information for the following purposes:
Identify you and your account;
Provide and improve our services;
To communicate with you; and
For our marketing purposes;
You can opt out of promotional or marketing emails by clicking on “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the emails you receive from us. You can stop text messages by texting “STOP” to text messages you receive from us.
INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your Personal Information and Education Records to (i) business partners (including providers of technology platforms) involved in the fulfillment of the program so that they can assist us in delivering the Boot Camp Service and other services we provide to you, (ii) potential employers so that they may make a determination as to whether to hire you, and (iii) our educational partners so that they can track your progress, work with us to assist you in the event that you are dissatisfied or need assistance, and provide you with a Certificate upon completion. These third parties are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality of your Personal Information consistent with the terms of this policy and to comply with the applicable data protection laws.
Displaying to Other Users. If you post content to the Boot Camp Service, it may be displayed on the Boot Camp Service. Other users of the Boot Camp Service may be able to view and use information you post, such as information contained in comments posted in a chat room or on a blog post. We do not have responsibility or liability for information you post. You should exercise caution when using public forums and not disclose your personal information.
 
Disclosure to Advertisers and Marketers. We disclose your Personal Information and Education Records to advertisers whose content we publish or display; with third party ad servers to serve you advertisements; and with companies who may resell, exchange or provide your information to others for their marketing purposes, including sending you promotional emails or text messages on their own behalf or on behalf of other companies.
We will disclose your information in response to valid legal process, for example, in response to a court order, a subpoena or other legal request for information, and/or to comply with applicable legal and regulatory reporting requirements. We also may disclose your information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request or other request for information from the U.S. or other government entities, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our products and/or services and with applicable laws, or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements. In addition, we may transfer your information to an entity or individual that acquires, buys, or merges with us, or our other business units.
We may also disclose your Personal Information or Education Records with your permission, for example, with potential employers.
Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers and Investors. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, your information which we have collected may be used, sold or transferred to third parties such as venture capital or private equity groups, investment banks, or successor companies as part of such a transaction as permitted by law and/or contract. We cannot control how such entities may use or disclose such information.
PAYMENTS
Payments made on the Site are made through our third party payment vendor. If you enroll through the Site, you will be providing payment and/or or credit card information, including your name, billing address and other payment information, directly to our payment vendor which operates a secure server to process payments details, encrypting your credit/debit card information and authorize payment. If you enroll over the phone, our agents will enter your information into our payment vendor’s terminal and a copy of such information will be stored in on our servers. We collect and store payment information in order to verify payment and resolve payment disputes. Payment information is subject to each of our payment vendors’ own privacy policy and terms and conditions.
LINKS TO OTHER SITES
The Site may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and statements of other sites to understand their information practices. Our Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Site and the Boot Camp Service.
SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. All information provided and transactions conducted on our Site, including payment transactions, will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Site like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Site.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 and we do not want it. We will take steps to delete it if we learn we have collected it.
We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of the Boot Camp Service is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us using the contact information below. If we learn that we have collected any Personal Information from children under 13, we will promptly take steps to delete such information and terminate the child’s account.
GOVERNING LAW/INTERNATIONAL USERS
By choosing to visit the Boot Camp Service or otherwise provide information to us, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this Privacy Policy will be governed by the law of the state of Florida and the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with Boot Camp or the Boot Camp Service will be in accordance with the Boot Camp Terms.
The Site and the >Boot Camp Service are based in the U.S. Any data provided to the Site or the Boot Camp Service will be processed and stored in the U.S. where our servers are located. By using the Site or the Boot Camp Service, you expressly consent to the collection, retention, use, disclosure and transfer, including international transfer of your Personal Information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy, regardless of your physical location.
ACCESS, CORRECT OR UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION; QUESTIONS; COMPLAINTS OR POSE A QUESTION OR SUGGESTION
If you would like to obtain a copy of the Education Records held about you by us, update, amend or correct any information that you have provided to us through your use of the Boot Camp Service or otherwise, or if you have any questions or suggestions for improving this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information below. If you have a question or complaint regarding your Personal Information or Education Records, or if you wish to exercise any rights to your information under the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) please contact us using the information provided below. In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Policy and any law that applies to you, we will follow the applicable law.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS; CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOUSRES
 
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the “Shine The Light” law, permits users who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personal Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of Personal Information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to our contact information provided below. We currently do not honor Do Not Track signals.
TERMS OF USE
Please also review our Terms of Use section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at https://bootcamp.miami.edu .
CONTACT INFORMATION
Boot Camp
bootcamp@trilogyed.com
Contact UM Coding Boot Camp at (305) 800-0209
