 
 
This policy together with any additional terms, conditions, notices and disclaimers contained elsewhere on the Lync • Creative™ website form the conditions of supply of material on, use of and access to the website.
 
Should you object to any of these conditions or any subsequent modifications your only recourse is to immediately discontinue your use of the Lync • Creative™ website.
:: Any queries relating to our website's privacy
   policy, please continue reading below.
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Whenever it is reasonable and practicable to do so, Lync • Creative™ only collect information about you directly from you.
Lync • Creative™ only collect personal information about you which is reasonably necessary to:
provide you quality products or services
consider applications and approaches you make to us
maintain your contact details
Lync • Creative™ generally hold personal information relating to:
the products and services we provide or have provided to you
your contact details
Lync • Creative™ do not generally collect sensitive information about you unless required by applicable laws or rules. Sensitive information includes information relating to:
race
health information
 
 
 
 
  Lync • Creative™ only use and disclose personal information about you for the purpose for which it was disclosed to us or related purposes which would reasonably be expected without your permission.
For example, Lync • Creative™ may from time to time use your personal information to provide information about products and services which we expect may be of interest to you. However, we do respect your right to ask us not to do this.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Lync • Creative™ use security procedures and the latest technology to protect the information we hold. Access to and use of personal information within Lync • Creative™ is appropriately limited to prevent misuse or unlawful disclosure of the information.
If other organisations provide support services, Lync • Creative™ require them to appropriately safeguard the privacy of the information provided to them.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  If you visit Lync • Creative™'s website to browse, read or download information, our system will log these movements. These web site logs are not personally identifiable and Lync • Creative™ makes no attempt to link them with the individuals who browse the site.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
www.
