questions about Extended Perks
okay
Extended Perks members now have exclusive access to one-click
booking! Save time by just clicking the Just Book It! link under your desired
room rate to instantly reserve your room!
okay
Thank you for signing up for MyNights. You will be able to use your MyNights benefits once you have been employed with ESA for 90 days. You have %% days until your benefit will be active.
accept
Free MyNights (7 Free) notice
Please note while it appears ESA is charging $1 plus tax for every free night, this amount will not be charged to you at the time of check-in.
accept
special rates
The promotion code entered is not valid. You must be logged in to use this promo code. Please log into your Extended Perks account. Your email address is not authorized to use this promo code.
Maximum occupancy per room is 4 people.
You do not have enough eligible Free MyNights remaining for the dates you selected. Please select a different rate.
You do not have enough eligible discounted MyNights remaining for the dates you selected. Please select a different rate.
Please enter either a company code \r\n or a promotion code, but not both. Your email address is not authorized to use this corporate code. You must be logged in to use this corporate code. Please log into your Extended Perks account.
Please enter the destination
Email address is invalid–please try again.
[!]Email address is required
[!]Name is required
privacy and security
 
1.       Introduction
Extended Stay America, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “Extended Stay America”, “we”, “us” or “our”)  own and operate this website. This Privacy Policy applies to  www.extendedstayamerica.com and any other website (each a “Site”) or software applications for use on or through computers and mobile devices (each an, “App”) offered by us, which reference or link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Service”) . We at Extended Stay recognize that our users may have questions about the information we collect through the Service and how we use it. In order to address those questions, we have developed this Privacy Policy.
By accessing and using the Service, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to be legally bound by it. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using the Service.
2.      Types of Information Collected
Personal Information
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3.      Methods of Information Collection
 
4.      Cookies and “Passive” Collection of Information
 
5.      Do Not Track Requests; Third Party Tracking
Certain web browsers allow consumers to enable "do not track" signals through which a consumer can signal to websites and online services whether the consumer approves of the collection of personal information about its online activities over time and across third-party websites and online services. Our Site does not change its behavior when receiving "Do Not Track" signals from browser software. Third parties, other than our vendors (such as our website analytics provider), do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior to and after visiting our Site. That said, we cannot control third party tracking and there may be some third party tracking that occurs without our knowledge or consent.
6.      Questionnaires and Surveys
 
7.      How Extended Stay Uses Your Personal Information
 
 
8.      Advertising Partners
 
9.      Disclosure of Information to Third Party Service Providers
 
10.    Disclosure of Information to Other Third Parties
 
 
 
 
11.    Links to Other Sites
Extended Stay America is only responsible for this Privacy Policy and the content of our Service. We are not responsible for the data collection and use practices and privacy policies on third-party websites that you may access from our Site or App. We do not guarantee the quality, content or availability of any third-party website to which a link may be provided. Any links are made available to you as a convenience, and you agree to use the links at your own risk. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Service and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personal information.
12.    Participation by Children and Teens; Advisory
Due to United States federal law (as reflected in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), WE DO NOT ALLOW INDIVIDUALS WHO WE KNOW ARE UNDER 13 TO PARTICIPATE IN OUR SERVICE. YOU MUST BE AT LEAST 13 YEARS OLD TO USE OUR SERVICE. IF YOU ARE BETWEEN 13 AND THE APPLICABLE AGE OF MAJORITY, PLEASE REVIEW THIS AGREEMENT WITH YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN. Please understand that we cannot necessarily tell if a user is providing us with his or her true age. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records right away.
13.    Access to Your Personal Information and “Opt Out” Procedures
 
 
 
 
15.    Security
Unfortunately, the transmission of information is not completely secure. We cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to the Service and any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your personal information, we will use reasonable efforts to implement procedures and security features to try to help prevent unauthorized access. However, due to the nature of evolving technologies, we cannot provide, and expressly disclaim, any assurance that the information you provide us will remain free from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties who, despite our efforts, obtain unauthorized access.
16.    Notice to California Residents
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Extended Stay America to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.   As described above, we do not disclose users' personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes.  Nevertheless, if you wish to make such a request, please contact us
or write us at 11525 North Community House Road, Charlotte, NC 28277.
17.    Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
18.    How To Contact Us
 
 
