General
Ticketnetwork.com ("SITE") acts as an intermediary between buyers and ticket sellers ("TICKET SELLERS") to facilitate the purchase and sale of event tickets, and as such is not directly involved in the actual ticket sale transaction between the buyers and TICKET SELLERS. Tickets sold through SITE are from a third party; therefore, the buyer's name will not be printed on the tickets. Please note that the name on the tickets does not affect the buyer's ability to access the event.
The following are the rules or "TERMS" that govern use of the SITE by USER, the USER of the SITE ("USER"). By using or visiting the SITE, USER expressly agrees to be bound by these TERMS and to follow these TERMS and all applicable laws and regulations governing the SITE. Ticketnetwork.com reserves the right to change these TERMS at any time, effective immediately upon posting on the SITE. If USER violates these TERMS Ticketnetwork.com may terminate USER's access to the SITE, bar USER from future use of the SITE, cancel USER's ticket order, and/or take appropriate legal action against USER.
Above Face Value
Tickets sold through SITE are often obtained through secondary market TICKET SELLERS and are being resold, in many cases, above the price or "face value" listed on the ticket. All ticket prices include additional service charges and handling fees as defined on each order. SITE and its TICKET SELLERS are not directly affiliated with any performer, sports team, or venue; and SITE does not act as a primary sale box office, unless otherwise stated. By agreeing to these TERMS, USER agrees that the purchase price for tickets on their order does not reflect the original purchase price of the ticket and may be either higher or lower than the original purchase price.
Orders
Orders placed through SITE will be fulfilled by one of our network of participating TICKET SELLERS. Contact information for the TICKET SELLER who fulfills USER's order (hereinafter known as "FULFILLER") will be provided to USER upon completion of the purchase process. If this information is lost, USER may contact customerservice@ticketnetwork.com to retrieve information about the order.
All Sales Are Final
Since tickets are a one-of-a-kind item and not replaceable, there are no refunds, exchanges or cancellations. If an event is postponed or rescheduled, tickets will be honored for the rescheduled date. New tickets will not need to be issued. If an event is cancelled without a rescheduled date, USER will need to contact the FULFILLER for a refund. The FULFILLER may require the USER to return the supplied tickets at USER's expense before receiving any refund USER is entitled to due to cancellation. Ticketnetwork.com is not responsible for providing or securing this refund for USER. Any shipping and handling charges are not refundable. Refunds will be processed in the same currency as the original order. Conversion charges, including though not exhaustive of the ones issued by USER'S bank, if any, are not covered by Ticketnetwork.com or FULFILLER. Neither Ticketnetwork.com nor the FULFILLER will issue exchanges or refunds after a purchase has been made or for lost, stolen, damaged or destroyed tickets. When USER receives tickets, USER should keep them in a safe place. Please note that direct sunlight or heat may damage tickets.
Pricing
All prices are in United States Dollars (USD) unless otherwise specifically stated. SITE cannot confirm the price of an item until after an order is completed by USER. Despite SITE's best efforts, a small number of the items listed on the SITE may be priced incorrectly. If the FULFILLER discovers an item's correct price is higher than the stated price, the FULFILLER will either complete the order at the original price, contact USER to inform them of different price with an option to purchase, or cancel USER's order and notify USER of such cancellation.
Schedule of Fees and Charges
The price charged to USER's credit card beyond the price of the individual tickets shall include the following fees and charges:
Credit Card Charges
USER's credit card will be charged by the FULFILLER responsible for fulfilling their order and not SITE. If USER has any questions about charges on USER's credit card statement, USER should contact SITE at customerservice@ticketnetwork.com or direct USER's question to FULFILLER responsible for completing the ticket order. FULFILLER may charge or authorize USER's credit card in advance of confirming ticket availability. If tickets are ultimately found to be unavailable, USER'S credit card will not be charged or USER will receive a full refund for the charged amount.
Payment by Debit Card
In some cases, FULFILLER may attempt to authorize a debit card multiple times, creating several holds on USER's account. This often happens when a third-party credit card processing company requires additional security verification such as a CVV, Zip Code, or address, or when USER'S information is incorrectly provided or mistyped. Though the FULFILLER will only clear USER's transaction once, the hold(s) will temporarily lower USER's available balance. Any hold(s) may take up to several days to clear.
Third Party Payment Platforms (Paypal, ApplePay, etc.)
If USER selects to complete the transaction using a Third Party Payment Platform, such third party services may be subject to separate policies, terms of use, and or fees of said third parties and USER accepts the same by completing the transaction using the Third Party Payment Platform. The name on the transaction of USER's Third Party Payment Platform account will be "My Ticket Tracker." If USER has any questions about the transaction on the Third Party Payment Platform account, USER should contact Fulfillment@MyTicketTracker.com .
Collecting Payment for Orders
USER agrees that FULFILLER has the right to collect payment for any order if FULFILLER has shipped the items purchased to USER. If a third party provider error, system error, or other payment processing error or problem of any kind results in an unprocessed payment and therefore USER's payment card is not charged the total amount due even though the item(s) were shipped to USER, USER hereby authorizes FULFILLER to collect the amount of the total amount due, unless expressly prohibited by law, through whatever means FULFILLER deems appropriate. USER shall be responsible for any and all legal fees or collection costs incurred by USER, FULFILLER, and/or SITE associated with collecting payment. In no event will SITE or FULFILLER be responsible for such collection costs or legal fees.
Security of Card Holder Data
SITE and or FULFILLER are responsible for the security of the cardholder data that SITE and FULFILLER are in possession of or otherwise stores, processes, or transmits on behalf of the USER.
International Orders
International Orders placed by USER may be subject to delayed processing. SITE recommends that USER contact their credit card company or financial institution prior to placing an order to prevent unnecessary delays or holds. Neither SITE, nor FULFILLER shall be responsible for delays, holds, or any extra fees associated with placing an International Order.
Disputed Charges
USER is responsible for any and all legal fees or collection costs incurred by USER, FULFILLER, and/or SITE associated with USER's disputed charges and chargebacks for purchases made on SITE. In no event will SITE or FULFILLER be responsible for such collection costs or legal fees.
Event Listings
SITE does not guarantee the accuracy of event information on SITE including but not limited to event name, event location or venue, event start time, or event date.
Ticket Holder Behavior Policy
USER agrees to abide by all rules and policies of the venue where the event is located relating to conduct and behavior. Should USER be ejected from the event for failure to abide by the venue's rules and policies, USER shall be subject to all applicable fines and legal or other expenses associated with the ejection. Further, should the ejection result in the loss of the TICKET SELLER's right to use any other season tickets at that venue, or the right to purchase other tickets from that venue, USER shall be held liable for all reasonable costs, expenses, and losses associated with said loss, including but not limited to all direct, indirect, vicarious, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profits.
Ticket Availability
SITE cannot guarantee ticket availability until USER is in possession of their tickets. Generally, all ticket listings on SITE are a unique set of tickets from an individual TICKET SELLER. Some ticket listings on SITE may only be representations of available tickets and not actual seat locations or currently available tickets.
Occasionally tickets ordered may no longer be available at the price or in the quantity originally ordered at the time the order is received. If equivalent or better seat locations are available at the same price, the TICKET SELLER will fill the order with the alternative seat locations. If no alternates are available, either the USER's credit card will not be charged at all or the entire amount will be refunded, and USER will be notified that the ticket request has been rejected.
Fraudulent Use
In order to protect USER from fraud, USER may be required to provide additional proof of identify on any order. Proof of identity may include but is not limited to a signed credit card authorization and/or photocopies of public documents such as a state driver's license or federal passport.
Shipping
All orders are shipped to USER using the delivery method chosen for the order. In some cases a User's selected shipping must be upgraded without notice to USER and the USER will be charged for the upgraded shipping. Most orders are shipped the same business day in which they are received. Orders placed after business hours may be shipped on the next business day. Shipments may require direct signature at the point of delivery. By placing an order, USER understands and agrees to the following shipping terms:
Delayed Shipment
Event tickets are generally delivered according to the delivery method selected at the time of ticket checkout. Most orders are shipped the same business day in which they are received or, if placed after business hours, orders may be shipped on the next business day. However, tickets may not always be available for immediate delivery, particularly in cases when the tickets have been purchased far in advance of the event in question or for certain events including but not limited to the following: all off-season orders for professional sporting leagues, concerts, and Las Vegas events tickets. While most tickets are delivered within three business days of the delivery method chosen, this does not imply a guaranteed delivery date. In these situations tickets may be marked with an estimated ship date. USER will be provided with account access information that will allow them to view the status of their order and tracking information, if available, after purchase. In the case where tracking information is not available USER may contact a representative of the FULFILLER for shipment information or an estimated delivery date. Tickets will be shipped when available, and choice of an expedited delivery method does not guarantee that tickets will be shipped immediately. USER should check the order notes for the estimated delivery date.
International Shipping
Should USER be located outside of the United States, USER must choose an International Delivery option. If a domestic shipping option is chosen for an order to be shipped outside the United States, the shipping cost will be adjusted by the FULFILLER after the order is placed to use the International Rate.
Delivery Verification
If USER specifies a shipping address that does not allow for Delivery Verification, such as a Post Office Box, USER may be required to pay an additional fee to cover the additional risks associated with this type of order. If such a shipping address is used, the FULFILLER will, at their discretion, either contact USER about the additional fee prior to shipping or cancel USER's order and notify USER of such cancellation. Shipments may require direct signature at the point of delivery. Once FULFILLER has shipped the tickets, it is USER responsibility to receive the package. Should the package be refused, undelivered, or returned, refunds or credits will not be issued by FULFILLER as per the all sales are final term of these Terms. If a package has been returned and must be re-shipped by the FULFILLER, it is the USER responsibility to contact the FULFILLER for re-shipping options. USER understands that additional delivery fees may be charged prior to reshipping.
E-Ticket Instant Download
Electronic tickets or "e-tickets" marked as "Instant" may not be available for immediate download in all circumstances. Due to potential fraud concerns, some "Instant" e-ticket purchases may be downgraded to regular e-ticket download to allow for additional processing. In such cases, USER will receive notification with USER'S receipt explaining that USER'S order has been downgraded to regular e-ticket download.
E-Ticket Download
Electronic tickets or "e-tickets" may not be available for immediate download. After placing an order, USER will receive an email with instructions on how to download the tickets; therefore, it is important that USER provides accurate email address information during the order process. The USER will be required to enter order specific credentials to gain access to the tickets, and USER must have access to a printer from which to print the tickets. USER is responsible for contacting Customer Support should USER not receive the email instructions, be unable to download the tickets, or be unable to print the tickets. Neither SITE nor FULFILLER will issue refunds for USER'S failure to provide a correct email address or failure to print the tickets.
Electronic Transfer
Electronic transfer delivery may not be available for immediate access. After placing an order, USER will receive an email with instructions on how to accept the electronic transfer; therefore, it is important that USER provides accurate email address information during the order process. The USER will be required to create an account with the associated ticket transfer system to gain access to the tickets, and USER must have access to a smart device to present the QR code displayed via the electronic transfer system for entry at the event. USER is responsible for contacting Customer Support should USER not receive the email instructions, be unable to accept the ticket transfer, or be unable to locate the ticket transfer email. Neither SITE nor FULFILLER will issue refunds for USER'S failure to provide a correct email address or accept ticket transfer offer. Neither SITE nor FULFILLER will issue refunds in the event a USER declines the ticket transfer offer.
Local Delivery
USER must pick up the tickets from the designated location provided to the USER, which will be located near the venue. USER will need to bring a government-issued ID in order to claim the tickets and may be asked to present the credit used at time of purchase as further verification. Should USER encounter a problem at the local delivery location, USER must contact FULFILLER for assistance. Neither SITE nor FULFILLER will issue refunds for USER'S failure to provide a valid government-issued ID for release of tickets or if USER does not pickup tickets from designated location.
Will-Call Option
USER must pick up the tickets at the box office of the venue approximately one hour before the scheduled start of the event. USER will need to bring a government-issued ID in order to claim the tickets. Should USER encounter a problem at the box office, USER must contact FULFILLER for assistance.
Permitted Use
USER agrees that USER is only authorized to visit, view and to retain a copy of pages of this SITE for USER's own personal use, and that USER shall not duplicate, download, publish, modify or otherwise distribute the material on this SITE for any purpose other than to review event and promotional information, for personal use, or to purchase tickets or merchandise for USER's personal use, unless otherwise specifically authorized by SITE to do so. USER may not use any robot, spider, scraper, offline reader, site search/retrieval application or other manual or automatic device, tool, or process to retrieve or in any way reproduce, circumvent, or interfere with the Site or its contents, nor may USER use any automated software or computer system to search for, reserve, buy, or otherwise obtain tickets from SITE. USER may not submit any software or other materials that contain any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, defects, date bombs, time bombs, or other items of a destructive nature. The content and software on this SITE is the property of SITE and/or its suppliers and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws.
Links
The SITE may automatically produce search results that reference or link to third party SITEs throughout the World Wide Web. SITE has no control over these sites or the content within them. SITE cannot guarantee, represent or warrant that the content contained in the sites is accurate, legal and/or inoffensive. SITE does not endorse the content of any third party site, nor does SITE warrant that such sites will not contain viruses or otherwise impact USER's computer systems. By using the SITE to search for or link to another site, USER agrees and understands that USER may not make any claim against SITE for any damages or losses, whatsoever, resulting from use of the SITE to obtain search results or to link to another site. If USER experiences a problem with a link from the SITE, USER should notify SITE at Ticketnetwork@ticketnetwork.com and SITE will investigate USER's claim and take any actions SITE deems appropriate at SITE's sole discretion.
Violation of the Terms
SITE, in its sole discretion, and without prior notice, may terminate USER's access to the SITE, cancel USER's ticket order or exercise any other remedy available to it. USER agrees that monetary damages may not provide a sufficient remedy to SITE for violations of these terms and conditions and USER consents to injunctive or other equitable relief for such violations. SITE may release USER's information by operation of law, if the information is necessary to address an unlawful or harmful activity against SITE. SITE is not required to provide any refund to USER if USER is terminated as a user of this SITE.
Intellectual Property Policy
For purposes of these TERMS, CONTENT is defined as any information, communications, software, photos, video, graphics, music, sounds, and other material and services that can be viewed by users on our site. This includes, but is in no way limited to, message boards, chat, and other original content. By accepting these TERMS, USER acknowledges and agrees that all CONTENT presented to USER on this site is protected by copyrights, trademarks, service marks, patents or other proprietary rights and laws, and is the sole property of SITE and/or its Affiliates. USER is only permitted to use the CONTENT as expressly authorized by SITE or the specific CONTENT provider. Except for a single copy made for personal use only, USER may not copy, reproduce, modify, republish, upload, post, transmit, or distribute any documents or information from this site in any form or by any means without prior written permission from SITE or the specific CONTENT provider, and USER is solely responsible for obtaining permission before reusing any copyrighted material that is available on SITE. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties. Neither SITE nor SITE's affiliates warrant or represent that USER's use of materials displayed on, or obtained through, SITE will not infringe the rights of third parties. All other trademarks or service marks are property of their respective owners. Nothing in these TERMS grants USER any right to use any trademark, service mark, logo, and/or the name of SITE or its affiliates.
SITE reserves the right to terminate the privileges of any USER who uses this SITE to unlawfully transmit or receive copyrighted material without a license or express consent, valid defense or fair use exemption to do so. After proper notification by the copyright holder or its agent to SITE, and confirmation through court order or admission by the USER that they have used this SITE as an instrument of unlawful infringement, SITE will terminate the infringing USER's rights to use and/or access to this SITE. SITE may, also in SITE's sole discretion, decide to terminate a USER's rights to use or access to the SITE prior to that time if SITE believes that the alleged infringement has occurred.
Disclaimers
SITE MAKES NO ASSURANCES THAT THE SITE WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR PROVIDE SPECIFIC RESULTS FROM USE OF THE SITE OR ANY SITE CONTENT, SEARCH OR LINK THEREIN. THE SITE AND SITE CONTENT ARE DELIVERED ON AN "AS-IS" AND "AS-AVAILABLE" BASIS. SITE MAKES NO ASSURANCES THAT FILES USER ACCESSES OR DOWNLOADS FROM THE SITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. SITE DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING ALSO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. SITE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, DIRECT, INDIRECT, VICARIOUS, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR LOSS OF PROFITS OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED UPON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
SITE DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR THE ACTS, OMISSIONS AND CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY USERS, SITE USERS, ADVERTISERS AND/OR SPONSORS ON THE SITE, IN CONNECTION WITH THE SITE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE RELATED TO USER USE OF THE SITE AND/OR THE SITE SERVICE. SITE IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PRODUCTS, SERVICES, ACTIONS OR FAILURE TO ACT OF ANY TICKET BROKER, VENUE, PERFORMER, PROMOTER OR OTHER THIRD PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH OR REFERENCED ON THE SITE.
Limitation on Liability
USER acknowledges that SITE is a venue allowing people to buy and sell tickets to concert, sporting and entertainment events. SITE is not involved in the actual transaction between buyers and sellers. While SITE may help facilitate the resolution of disputes, SITE has no control over the content of the tickets listed on SITE, the truth or accuracy of such listings, the ability of the FULFILLER to sell tickets, or that USER and FULFILLER will actually complete a transaction. Regardless of this provision, if SITE is found to be liable, SITE'S liability to USER or any third party is limited to the greater of (a) any amounts due under SITE's limited guarantee when applicable, (b) the amount of fees in dispute not to exceed the total fees of the transaction, or (c) $100.
Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will SITE be liable to USER for any indirect, vicarious, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including lost profits, even if SITE has been advised of the possibility of such damages. USER further agrees that the maximum available remedy on any successful claim is the greater of the choices listed in the paragraph above. Some jurisdictions do not allow the disclaimer of warranties or the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to USER.
Indemnity
USER agrees to indemnify and hold SITE, its subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, agents and other partners and employees, harmless from any loss, liability, claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of USER's use of the SITE, including also USER's use of the SITE to provide a link to another site or to upload content or other information to the SITE.
Governing Law
USER agrees that any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the use of SITE will be governed by the laws of the State of Connecticut without regard to its conflict of law provisions. User agrees to personal jurisdiction by venue in the state of Connecticut, Hartford County.
Arbitration and Dispute Resolution
Any controversy, claim, dispute, or other action, arising out of or relating to the use of SITE, any order placed on SITE, or these policies including any dispute over the validity, enforceability or scope of this arbitration provision (a "CLAIM" or "CLAIMS") shall be resolved through binding arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association (the "AAA") in accordance with its Consumer Rules. SITE will pay all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees for any arbitration for a CLAIM of US$10,000 or less. If, however, the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the CLAIM or the relief sought in the CLAIM is frivolous or that the CLAIM was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all such fees will be governed by applicable AAA Rules. In such case, USER agrees to reimburse SITE for all monies previously disbursed by SITE that are otherwise USER'S obligation to pay under the AAA Rules. In addition, if USER initiates an arbitration for a CLAIM for more than US$10,000, the payment of fees will be governed by the AAA Rules. The AAA rules will determine whether the arbitration will take place through written submissions by USER and SITE, by telephone, or in person. SITE and USER shall both participate in the selection of an arbitrator. Any award issued through arbitration is enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.
BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATE, USER IS GIVING UP THE RIGHT TO LITIGATE (OR PARTICIPATE IN AS A PARTY OR CLASS MEMBER) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS IN COURT BEFORE A JUDGE OR JURY. INSTEAD, A NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR WILL RESOLVE ALL CLAIMS. IF USER DOES NOT WISH TO BE BOUND BY THIS ARBITRATION PROVISION, USER MUST NOTIFY SITE IN WRITING WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE DATE THAT USER PLACES AN ORDER ON SITE. USER'S WRITTEN NOTIFICATION TO SITE MUST INCLUDE USER'S NAME, ADDRESS AND ORDER NUMBER AS WELL AS A CLEAR STATEMENT THAT USER DOES NOT WISH TO RESOLVE CLAIMS WITH SITE THROUGH ARBITRATION. WRITTEN NOTIFICATION SHOULD BE MAILED TO: TicketNetwork, Inc. Attn: Legal Department/Arbitration, 75 Gerber Road East, Suite 100, South Windsor, CT 06074.
Any arbitration or trial by a judge of any CLAIM will take place on an individual basis without resort to any form of class or representative action ("CLASS ACTION WAIVER"). Regardless of anything else in this Arbitration Provision, the validity and effect of this CLASS ACTION WAIVER may be determined only by a court and not by an arbitrator. USER and SITE acknowledge that the CLASS ACTION WAIVER is material and essential to the arbitration of any disputes between the parties and is non-severable from the agreement to arbitrate CLAIMS. If the CLASS ACTION WAIVER is limited, voided or found unenforceable, then the parties' agreement to arbitrate shall be null and void with respect to such proceeding, subject to the right to appeal the limitation or invalidation of the CLASS ACTION WAIVER. USER AND SITE ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL A CLASS ACTION BE ARBITRATED.
All CLAIMS brought by USER against SITE must be resolved in accordance with this Arbitration and Dispute Resolution Section. All CLAIMS filed or brought contrary to this Arbitration and Dispute Resolution Section shall be considered improperly filed. Should USER improperly file a CLAIM, SITE may recover attorneys' fees and costs up to US$1,000 from USER, provided that SITE has notified USER in writing of the improperly filed CLAIM, and USER fails to promptly withdraw the CLAIM after USER receives notice of improper filing from SITE.
Events in Illinois
Pursuant to 815 ILCS 414/1.5(c)(5), complaints involving tickets to events in Illinois may be resolved through binding arbitration and administered by the American Arbitration Association in accordance with its Commercial Arbitration Rules including the Optional Rules for Emergency Measures of Protection. USER and FULFILLER agree to submit to the jurisdiction of the State of Illinois for such complaints.
Denied Entry to an Event
If USER is having difficulty using the tickets to gain entry to the event at the venue, USER should contact SITE immediately by calling (888)456-8499. If SITE is not able to resolve the matter and USER is denied entry by the venue, USER may be eligible for a refund. To be eligible for a refund USER must obtain written proof from the venue showing that USER was denied entry to the event and email that proof along with a description of the circumstances of the denied entry to SITE at customerservice@ticketnetwork.com within ten (10) days of the event.
If SITE receives the email with written proof from the venue and USER’s description of the circumstances of the denied entry within ten (10) days of the event, SITE will investigate USER’s claim. If SITE, in its reasonable discretion, determines that USER was denied entry USER will receive a refund of the cost of the tickets and all fees and shipping charges. The refund will be USER’s sole remedy for the denied entry.
Force Majeure
SITE shall not be deemed in default or otherwise liable under these rules and policies due to its inability to perform its obligations by reason of any fire, earthquake, flood, substantial snowstorm, epidemic, accident, explosion, casualty, strike, lockout, labor controversy, riot, civil disturbance, act of public enemy, cyber-terrorism, embargo, war, act of God, or any municipal, county, state or national ordinance or law, or any executive, administrative or judicial order (which order is not the result of any act or omission which would constitute a default hereunder), or any failure or delay of any transportation, power, or communications system or any other or similar cause not under SITE'S control (hereinafter all of the foregoing is collectively referred to as FORCE MAJEURE). Notwithstanding the foregoing, SITE shall be permitted to terminate this Agreement with or without notice to the USER in the event that USER is prevented from performing hereunder due to FORCE MAJEURE.
Registration
Certain areas of the SITE are provided solely to registered users of the SITE. Any USER registering for such access agrees to provide true and accurate information during the registration process. SITE reserves the right to terminate the access of USER should SITE know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect that USER has entered false or misleading information during the registration process. ALL REGISTERED USERS MUST BE OVER EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE. Children under the age of eighteen (18) shall not be permitted to register. SITE reserves the right to require valid credit card information as proof of legal age. SITE maintains a strict online Privacy Policy and will not sell or provide USER's credit card information to third parties.
USER Account
USER will select a username and password as part of the registration process. All USER account pages are protected with Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. USER is fully responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of their username and password. USER agrees to immediately notify SITE at Ticketnetwork@ticketnetwork.com should USER know, or have reasonable grounds to suspect, that the username or password have been compromised. SITE shall not be responsible for USER's failure to abide by this paragraph. SITE may, in its sole discretion, terminate the USER's account for any reason. Under no circumstances shall SITE be liable to USER or a third party for termination of a USER's account.
Third Party Advertisers
SITE may allow third party advertisers to advertise on the SITE. SITE undertakes no responsibility for USER's dealings with, including any on-line or other purchases from, any third party advertisers. SITE shall not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred by USER in its dealings with third party advertisers.
Privacy Policy
USER of TicketNetwork.com ("USER") can browse TicketNetwork.com hereinafter referred to as "SITE" without revealing USER'S personal information, but in order to take advantage of most of the SITE'S services, USER must give personal information. By providing personal information, USER expressly consents to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of USER'S personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy, herein referred to as the Privacy Policy, covers SITE's treatment of personal or personally identifiable information, herein referred to as Personal Information, that may be collected when USER is on the SITE and when USER uses SITE services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies or individuals that SITE does not own or exercise supervisory control over, or to third party advertisers on the SITE.
USER of TicketNetwork.com ("USER") can browse TicketNetwork.com hereinafter referred to as "SITE" without revealing USER'S personal information, but in order to take advantage of most of the SITE'S services, USER must give personal information. By providing personal information, USER expressly consents to the collection, use, disclosure and retention of USER'S personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy, herein referred to as the Privacy Policy, covers SITE's treatment of personal or personally identifiable information, herein referred to as Personal Information, that may be collected when USER is on the SITE and when USER uses SITE services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies or individuals that SITE does not own or exercise supervisory control over, or to third party advertisers on the SITE.
This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for http://www.ticketnetwork.com . It applies solely to information collected by this website. This Privacy Policy will notify USER of the following:
1. What personally identifiable information is collected from USER through the web site, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
2. What choices are available to USER regarding the use of USER data.
3. The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of USER information.
4. How USER can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
5. EU-US Privacy Shield certification statement.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
SITE and the ticket seller who fulfills USER's order ("FULFILLER") are the sole users of the information collected on this SITE. SITE only has access to or collects information that USER voluntarily gives SITE via email or other direct contact from USER such as requesting or purchasing tickets from a FULFILLER. SITE may sell your personal information to non-financial organizations, such as companies engaged in direct marketing and the selling of consumer products and services. SITE may also share USER'S information with affiliated entities of SITE to provide joint content and services, to market the products and services of such entities, or to solicit reviews from the USER about the SITE or transactions made on the Site.
SITE will use USER's information to respond to USER regarding the reason USER contacted us. SITE will not share USER's information with any third party outside of SITE's organization, other than as necessary to fulfill USER request, e.g. to ship an order, or, in some instances, to partner with another company to provide certain content, programs and services such as those disclosed in the previous paragraph. In those cases, SITE will require SITE's third party agents to maintain the confidentiality of the data. In those situations, when USER provides personal information, it may be sent directly to the partner company, or SITE may share the information with SITE's partner company. Unless USER asks SITE not to, SITE may contact USER in the future to tell USER about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy. SITE is not responsible for the policies or offerings of any third party, and SITE urges USER to review third party's policies and terms and conditions, as they may vary.
In addition, SITE will respond to a verified law enforcement, or other governmental department request or subpoena relating to a criminal investigation, alleged illegal activity, identity theft, or a matter of national security, in which case USER's personal information may be disclosed. In such events, SITE will disclose information relevant to the investigation such as name, city, state, zip code, telephone number, email address, fraud complaints, IP address, and credit card information. SITE may also share such information with third parties, such as license verification companies, for the purposes of investigating or preventing fraudulent activities. SITE reserves the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that it believes, in good faith, to be unlawful. In the case of identity theft, USER may authorize a law enforcement officer to request the records from SITE or USER may request that SITE send any records directly to a law enforcement officer.
USER Access to and Control Over Information
USER can do the following, at any time, by contacting SITE via the email address or phone number given on the SITE:
- Opt out of any future contact from SITE;
- See what data SITE has about USER, if any;
- Change or correct any data SITE has about USER;
- Have SITE delete any data we have about USER; and
- Express any concern USER has about SITE's use of USER data.
- USER also has the option, at the time of purchase, to opt-in to receiving marketing material or third party offers.
To stop receiving promotional or marketing emails or to opt-out of having USER'S information sent to third parties for marketing purposes, USER can follow the instructions in any promotional email USER receives from SITE. Even if USER opts out of receiving promotional or marketing emails, USER will still be contacted with transactional messages.
USER has the right to access their data and provide instructions on how to go about doing so.
An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend or delete inaccurate data should direct his query to customerservice@ticketnetwork.com . If requested to remove data, we will respond within a reasonable timeframe.
Third Party Advertising, Services and Collection of Data
Please note that third party vendors, including but not limited to Google, show advertisements for SITE on the internet. Third party vendors, including but not limited to Google, use cookies and web beacons to serve advertisements based on USER's prior visits to SITE. To opt out of Google's use of cookies, USER can visit the Google's Ads Help page to learn more on opting out: click here for the link. SITE may share, sell, or rent USER information collected voluntarily from USER on the SITE with third party vendors, advertising companies, or analytics providers including but not limited to Google. SITE uses AMP Client ID in connection with Google Analytics to gather data about USER.
In addition, SITE participates in targeted advertising. SITE allows third-party companies to collect certain information when USER visits SITE and when USER opens email messages SITE sends to USER to provide measurement services to SITE and target ads to USER. SITE or the third-party company uses this information to serve ads for SITE'S products or services or for the products or services of other companies when USER visits this SITE or other websites. These companies use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g. IP address) during USER'S visits to this SITE and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to USER. These parties typically use a cookie, third party web beacon, or other similar technologies to collect this information.
Some browsers have a "do not track" feature that lets USER tell websites that USER does not want to have USER'S online activities tracked. At this time, SITE does not respond to browser "do not track" signals, but SITE does provide USER the option to opt out of targeted advertising. To learn more about this type of advertising or to opt-out of this type of advertising, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices .
We may also use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests. To opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising, click here .
We also use third-party technology services, including but not limited to Hotjar and Monetate, to better understand the needs of our website users. This enables us to optimize the services that we provide and your experience on the website.
Hotjar and Your Privacy
Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on users’ behavior and devices: in particular, device IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), and preferred language. Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user.
For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link .
You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link .
Monetate and Your Privacy
Monetate uses cookies and Javascript to automatically collect data on users' behavior and devices, which may include: IP address; screen dimensions; color depth; whether Java is enabled on the device; operating system; browser type and language; whether the browser accepts cookies; Internet connection type; referring URL; time stamp; pages viewed on the Websites; products viewed, placed in the cart, and purchased on the website; quantity, price, and purchase ID of products placed in cart and/or purchased on the website; and custom page data, as defined by the website. Based on the data Monetate collects, Monetate may infer other information, such as postal code, country, state, time zone, weather, and geodemographic data.
For further details, please see Monetate's privacy policy by clicking on this link .
If you do not want Monetate to place cookies on your browser or device, you may use your browser’s preferences to turn that feature off and to delete persistent cookies. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from Monetate, the website may not function properly.
Monetate commits to investigate and attempt to resolve complaints about your privacy and Monetate's collection or use of your personal information within 45 days of receiving your complaint.  European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Platform Privacy Policy should first contact Monetate at privacy@monetate.com .
This site does not share users' email addresses or other personal identifiers with Monetate, nor do we use Monetate to collect users' email addresses or other personal identifiers.
Security
SITE takes precautions to protect USER information. When USER submits sensitive information via the website, USER information is protected both online and offline.
Whenever SITE collects sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to SITE in a secure way. USER can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of USER web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page. SITE is committed to not re-identifying sensitive information collected by SITE.
While SITE uses encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, SITE also protects USER information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers and servers in which SITE stores personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
EU-US Privacy Shield Framework
SITE complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. SITE has certified that TicketNetwork.com adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit www.privacyshield.gov .
In compliance with the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles, SITE commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact SITE at PrivacyShield@TicketNetwork.com .
SITE has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US Privacy Shield Principles BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint.
Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel.
SITE is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission.
If USER feels that SITE is not abiding by this Privacy Policy, USER should contact SITE immediately via telephone at 888.456.8499 or via email at customerservice@ticketnetwork.com .
Copyright Infringement Notification
Should USER wish to file a copyright infringement notification with TicketNetwork, USER will need to send a written or electronic communication that includes all of the following, as based on Section 512(c)(3) of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA):
1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the material that has allegedly been infringed.
2. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity. *Please provide the URL(s) in the body of the email or letter, as this will help SITE to identify the potentially infringing material.
3. Contact information of the complainant.
4. A statement that the complainant has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is a copyright violation.
5. A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complainant is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of material that has allegedly been infringed.
Written or electronic notice of copyright infringement should be mailed, faxed, or emailed to TicketNetwork's designated agent at:
Copyright Complaints
Please note the following:
- Under Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to liability for damages.
Service and Advertising Emails
SITE may send USER several service related emails to the email address given when placing an order. These include a confirmation email with details of USER's order, a pre-event email reminder about the event to be attended, and a post-event email gathering feedback on the USER's experience. When USER places an order, SITE may also add USER to SITE's weekly mailing list to be informed of upcoming events. USER can opt out of these emails at any time by notifying customerservice@ticketnetwork.com .
Amendments
SITE reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. SITE will post a notice of changes in its SITE, when and if the terms of this policy are amended.
TicketNetwork Mobile Club Terms and Policies
TicketNetwork offers subscribers discount codes and coupons via SMS text alerts “Text Alerts”. To subscribe to Text Alerts you must provide us with a mobile phone number, zip code, and agree to these terms and conditions.
By subscribing you agree to receive Text Alerts sent by automatic telephone dialing system to the mobile phone number you provide. TicketNetwork will send you up to 6 messages per month.
BY USING THE SITE FOR THE SERVICE YOU AGREE TO ALL OF THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
TicketNetwork does not impose a charge for text alerts; however, message and data rates may apply depending on the terms and conditions of your mobile phone contract. You are solely responsible for all message and data charges that you incur. Please contact your mobile service provider about such charges.
After subscribing you will need to verify your mobile phone number before the service will start. To do so you must respond to a Text Alert sent to your mobile phone that affirms your willingness to enroll in Text Alerts.
You may unsubscribe from Text Alerts at any time. To unsubscribe, text STOP to 68398.
After you submit a request to unsubscribe, you will receive one final Text Alert from TicketNetwork confirming that you will no longer receive Text Alerts. No additional Text Alerts will be sent unless you re-activate your enrollment.
Consent to Text Alerts is not required to purchase our goods or services. You agree to notify TicketNetwork of any changes to your mobile number.
Amendments
Site reserves the right to amend this policy at any time. Site will contact registered Users by email or shall post a notice of changes in its Site, when and if the terms of this policy are amended.
These policies were last amended on Tuesday, May, 23, 2018.
