WORX ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
The data controller is RW Direct, whose registered office is 10130 Perimeter Parkway Suite 300, Charlotte, NC 28216.
We take information security seriously and use reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect online.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information that you provide by filling in forms including online product registration on our site www.worx.com ("our site"). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our site, registering to have your product warranty extended [subscribing to our service, or requesting further services.] We may also ask you for information when you enter competitions or promotion or if you report a problem with our site.
If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Details of transactions you carry out through our site and of the fulfillment of your orders.
 
IP ADDRESSES
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATION
 
By accepting this Privacy Notice, you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein. You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other website. If you have a Flash player installed on your computer, your Flash player may be able to be set to reject or delete Flash cookies. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser or Flash player for more information. Additionally, by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons. However, certain areas of our websites may only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices, and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
 
 
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION
We use information held about you in the following ways:
To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us, or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
To notify you about changes to our service.
 
 
 
 
If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
How we use and disclose this information:
 
 
 
 
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If RW Direct or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of RW Direct, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
YOUR RIGHTS
 
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from Third-party websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. You should consult the other websites' privacy notices, because we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. The inclusion of a link to a third-party website does not imply endorsement of the website by RW Direct Inc. or any association with the third-party website's operators.
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Notice may be changed by RW Direct Inc. The revised Privacy Notice will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. We encourage you to periodically check and review this page so that you know what information we collect, how we use it and to whom we disclose it. Under certain circumstances (for example, in connection with certain material changes), we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Notice, or to request your consent for such changes, by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of our website or sending you an e-mail.
CONTACT
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to worx@positecgroup.com.
About WORX
WORX users look forward to the next project. That’s because WORX tools are designed to easily tackle every task for your home, your yard, and your workshop.
WORX tools are built on a platform of innovation, power and performance. They’re engineered with superior technology and value built into every contemporary design, so you can perform with precision. WORX makes it easier to get the toughest jobs done faster. Shop string trimmers, blowers, chainsaws, mowers, DIY tools and more.
Do it yourself. Do it better. Do it with WORX.
Better Homes & Gardens
Woodworker’s Journal
Names the Aerocart as one of “The best gardening tools”
7 Steps to a Beautiful Water-wise Landscape
Top 10 Summer Flowers to Improve Your Landscape
Subscribe today to save 10%
Get Our Newsletter
  
