Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Lowes Manhattan Pty Ltd (Lowes), we understand the importance of privacy and security of personal information. The privacy of our customers is very important to us and we will always act to protect your information.
This Privacy Policy relates to the collection of your personal information by Lowes through your use of our website, mobile application, associated third party sites or otherwise through your interactions with one of our retail stores. It has been developed with due consideration to the 'Australian Privacy Principles', based on the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Personal Information Collected
Your personal information will only be used for the service or transaction it is collected for. The information collected helps us to gain an understanding of your preferences and requirements in order for Lowes to provide information, goods and services that are of interest to you. This helps to enhance your experience on our website, mobile application, associated third party sites and shopping in our retail stores. Information collected is only accessible by specific employees, who are involved in providing and completing the service or transaction. Personal information may include your name, email address, home address, telephone number, age, sex and other relevant information that help us to carry out functions related to a service and offering.
We collect information through a variety of ways: via online shopping purchases, online account setup, in-store purchases, competitions, newsletter subscriptions, rewards & loyalty programs, online correspondence, advertising, research, direct marketing, etc.   
Some of the information we collect tracks your usage of our website, or associated third party sites through 'Cookies'. Cookies are small pieces of data sent from a website to your device. Cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you but helps to enhance and improve your online experience. Your device should allow you to change settings to refuse Cookies if you so desire.
Lowes does not collect any sensitive information about you. 
Storage & Security of Personal Information
Lowes will use all reasonable endeavours to maintain the security of your personal information. Due to the nature of the Internet, we do not however guarantee or warranty the security of your personal information during transmission to us or storage by us. You disclose your personal information to us at your own risk. Please contact us immediately if you are aware of or have reason to believe there has been unauthorised use of your personal information in connection with our website, mobile application or associated third party sites.
Use & Disclosure of Personal Information
You consent to Lowes using your personal information for advertising and direct marketing purposes in order for us to inform you of our retail stores, goods, services or other matters that we believe would be of interest to you.
Lowes may disclose your personal information, and you consent to the its disclosure, to
Related entities to Lowes for use in advertising, research or direct marketing
Third parties engaged by us to perform functions or provide products and services on our behalf
Our advertisers, agents, business partners and associates located in and outside Australia who may wish to send you information about our products and services
If you wish not to receive such information, you may unsubscribe by following the steps to unsubscribe presented in the communication you receive from us, or by directly emailing us. We will use reasonable endeavours to remove your personal information within a reasonable period of time from the receipt of your request.
Lowes reserves the right to disclose your personal information if required or authorised by law, or if it is reasonably necessary in our opinion to protect the rights and property of Lowes, or to avoid injury to any person. If Lowes is sold or merged with another entity, some or all of your personal information may be passed to a third party.    
Access to personal information and seeking its correction
Lowes will use all reasonable endeavours to keep your personal information accurate, complete and up to date. You may contact us if you wish to access or correct personal information Lowes holds about you. We will use reasonable efforts to provide or correct your personal information within a reasonable period of receipt of your request. We may require adequate proof of identity before undertaking the request. Any legal requirement on us to maintain certain records shall also prevail over any such request. 
Disclosure of personal information overseas
We may disclose personal information overseas from time to time, through publishing information or by storing information on a server located overseas. Where we may be transferring personal information overseas, we will take reasonable steps to ensure the overseas entity protects the personal information to the same level as required by this Privacy Policy.
Children
All persons under the age of 13 must obtain the consent of their parent or legal guardian before submitting personal information. We may remove personal information if no such consent has been obtained prior to its submission.
Applicable Law
This Privacy Policy will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Australia. Persons outside of Australia accessing Lowes websites, mobile application or an associated third party sites do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
Contact Us
 
About us
Lowes is celebrating its 120th birthday!   As a proud Australian icon, Lowes continues to offer well-made clothing at affordable prices.   The company has grown from humble beginnings in 1898 to over 200 stores nation-wide whilst still being 100% Australian and family owned.   Today, Lowes offers much more than just menswear.  Come and discover our many products online or at a store near you.
Newsletter Sign Up
 
