Privacy Notice
At Waffle House® restaurants’, we are committed to protecting your privacy. While visiting the Waffle House® restaurants site, you may be asked to provide information that personally identifies you (name, address, billing address, email address, home telephone number, mobile telephone number and credit card number). The following are sample areas in the Waffle House® restaurants’ site where we request personal information:
Job Inquires with Waffle House, Inc.
Franchise Inquiry
Customer Feedback
Contest Entry
Request Information about Waffle House® Restaurants
The information that we collect is on a voluntary basis. You may choose not to provide personal information and you still will be able to visit most of the Waffle House® restaurants’ site. However, you will not be able to complete the activities listed above using the web site without providing us the required personally identifiable information. Please read on for more detail about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
The personal information that we collect varies depending on the activity you wish to conduct on the web. We will need more information for job inquiries, franchise inquiries and contest entry than we require for customer feedback, information request and e-mail subscriptions.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, birth date and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. If you have not opted out of receiving marketing materials, we may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the website, new Waffle House® restaurants’ services and special offers we think you’ll find valuable.
You can choose not to allow us to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes by indicating your preference at the time of collection or by responding to the promotional e-mail in the manner provided. In certain circumstances, consent may be sought after the information has been collected but before use (for example, when we want to use information for a purpose not previously identified).
Will Waffle House restaurants disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
Presently, Waffle House restaurants does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. Waffle House restaurants may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
If you submit comments through the web site, we may use or post your comments (or a portion or variation of your comments), along with your first name, city or town on this web site or other media without payment or compensation to you.
In instances when we receive customer complaints or feedback concerning specific franchised restaurants, we will forward the feedback to the franchised restaurant owner.
Other instances in which we may need to disclose personal information include:
when required by law to comply with a judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on us;
to enforce our policies or agreements including the collection of amounts owed to us;
 
Children Under the Age of 13
 
Changes to Your Personal Information
 
Links to Other Sites
 
Your Consent
By using our website and submitting the personal information requested, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner described in this policy by Waffle House restaurants. Waffle House restaurants reserves the right to change its policy in this regard at any time in the future. In the event Waffle House restaurants does change its policy, a notification of such change will be posted on the website so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
COMPANY
