in India
Privacy Policy
The United States Department of State has contracted with CGI Federal Inc. (CGI Federal) to assist it in the collection and processing of applicant information in support of visa applications. CGI Federal is very sensitive to privacy issues. We have adopted this privacy policy and posted this notice to let you know how we handle the personal information we receive from you in connection with your use of this website and in connection with your visa application. To the maximum extent possible, we collect personal data directly from the data owner, including the personal data entered into this website and biometric data collected during the visa application process. By your use of this website, you authorize the collection, aggregation, use, storage, and disclosure of the personal data you submit as required to provide you with the visa service. By your use of this website, you are authorizing receipt of electronic communications, including interactive voice response and call center communications, regarding your visa application submission. If you do not wish to be contacted by CGI Federal, please do not use this website. CGI Federal will use your personal data only for the following purposes:
to collect applicant information for the submission to the United States Department of State;
to transmit personal data to the United States Department of State, or share personal data with CGI Federal subcontractors, vendors and suppliers as necessary to process a visa application as requested by you;
to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and legal process;
to protect someone’s health, safety, or welfare;
to protect our rights or take appropriate legal action; or
 
CGI Federal collects only that information necessary to process your application and will only maintain your personal data for the minimum amount of time required by the visa process and our contract with the United States Department of State. CGI Federal may also use information such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, Internet Service Provider, operating system, the time and date of your visit, and other site use statistics collected automatically by this website for statistical reporting, analysis regarding the use and effectiveness of the website, and other reporting requirements under our contract. To protect your data, CGI Federal has implemented appropriate organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to prevent the unauthorized access or disclosure of your personal data. CGI Federal also requires the same high level of information security from all third parties who may assist in the processing of your personal data, such as subcontractors, vendors and suppliers. However, due to the nature of the internet, CGI Federal cannot guarantee that unauthorized parties will never be able to defeat those measures and access your personal data for improper purposes. This website is intended for use by adults only, and minors are requested to allow a responsible adult to assist in the submission of any personal data. CGI Federal reserves the right to change, modify, or update this privacy notice at any time. Should you have any questions about the collection or use of your personal data, please send a request to  support@ustraveldocs.com .
