Privacy Policy
Welcome to h2 wellness, Inc.  (“h2”). h2 operates this website (the “Site”) and other health, wellness, diet and fitness websites. The Sites provide a variety of online services and products, including articles, blogs, newsletters, tools, and social networking platforms (collectively, the “Services”). h2 is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your information and providing a safe and secure environment for our users.
With this in mind, h2 provides you this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to help you understand the kinds of information h2 gathers about you when you visit the Site or use any h2 Services, how h2 may use and disclose the information, and how you can control, correct and/or update the information.
To be clear about the terminology used in this Policy Statement, the term “Personal Information” means information about you that is personally identifiable, like your name, address, e-mail address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information that is associated with this personal information. The term “Anonymous Information” means information that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information. Anonymous Information does not enable identification of or contact with individual persons.
By visiting this Site or using the Services, you are accepting the policies and practices described in this Policy. Each time you visit the Site or use the Services, you agree and expressly consent to h2 collection, use and disclosure of the information that you provide as described in this Policy.
Your Personal Information may be processed by h2 in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
This Policy applies to all sites Services that are operated by h2, including this Site. In addition to this general policy, each Site may have additional privacy provisions that are specific to the particular site. These supplemental disclosures are made in the site-specific addenda below or in a disclosure adjacent to the particular Service at the time we collect the information. These supplemental disclosures also govern the use of your information.
The Information We Gather
h2 collects information about you in three ways: (1) Information you voluntarily provide us; (2) Information we collect through your use of the Site; and (3) Information we receive from third parties. h2 collects and maintains information that you voluntarily submit while using the Sites and Services. For example:
when you register for a Site, you may provide h2 certain information including your name, e-mail address, screen name, password, demographic information, and the health topics that interest you;
to engage a Site’s social networking function, you may add to your profile by providing information about your interests or health topics. For example, your profile may list your favorite healthy foods or movie;
if you are registering for a customized weight-loss program, you may provide h2 with answers to questions for providing you the program, like your actual and goal weights, your preferred method of exercise, or your caloric intake;
if you sign up to receive a newsletter, enter a contest, or participate in social networking activities, h2 may require that you provide contact information (e.g., e-mail or physical address);
if you purchase a product or service through the Site, h2 collects credit card information; and
you may provide h2 with personal information in the course of e-mail, customer support interactions, and surveys.
You can choose not to provide h2 with certain information, but this may stop you from gaining access to a Service or limit the features that you can use.
Information we collect through your use of the Site
As you use the Site and Services, certain information may also be passively collected. Through technologies like cookies, pixels, beacons and log files, h2 may collect information about how you use the Site and the Services. For example h2 may determine through your IP address that you are located in New York City and we may deliver advertisements promoting New York City based-businesses. By knowing about you, h2 can deliver more helpful information, programs, tools and advertisements.
Information we receive from third parties
 
How h2 Uses Your Information
h2 will use your Personal Information in the ways described below or described at the time that the information is collected.
To Target Advertising
h2 believes that advertising on the Internet is more interesting to you when it is relevant. Accordingly, h2 customizes the advertisements that you see based upon: (i) the information that you knowingly provide us (e.g., age, gender, stated health interests and other information in your profile); (ii) geographic location which h2 determines through your IP address; (iii) data we receive from third parties or (iv) your behavior on this Site or other Sites.
To assist h2 with the last listed category, a practice known as “Online Behavioral Advertising”, h2 engages third-party vendors. With the help of a cookie that h2 vendors place on your browser when you visit a page of the Site, h2 determines your interests and target advertisements and promotions based on those interests. For example, if you read an article about a particular health condition on the Site, h2 may determine that you are interested in that topic and through the use of a vendor’s cookie, h2 may later serve you an advertisement for a product intended to help sufferers of the particular health condition. The advertisement may appear when you are visiting a different section of this Site, another Site or any other website on the Internet if the website also has a relationship with our vendor.
h2 understands that some people prefer not to receive targeted advertising and there are a few ways that you can limit the customization of the advertising we deliver to you. You can opt-out of our Online Behavioral Advertising by clicking here and opting out of cookies placed by our current vendors. You can limit the way that we target advertising based on your self-reported interests and some other information in your profile by clicking on the “profile” section of this Site and deleting or modifying the information. Please note that if you have registered on multiple Sites, you’ll need to modify your profile on each site. In addition, you can delete the cookies that we have placed on your browser.
To Provide the Sites and Services
In general, h2 uses your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate to:
administer your account;
register you and provide you access to the Site or Services;
respond to your inquiries or requests that you direct to h2;
send communications and administrative e-mails about the Site or Services;
personalize and better tailor the features, performance, and support of the Site and Services for your use;
send you promotional/marketing information, newsletters, offers, or other information regarding opportunities and functionality that h2 percieves would be of particular interest to you (provided that h2 will not give your Personal Information to any third-party advertising partner without your consent);
improve the quality of the Site and the Services; and
analyze, benchmark, and conduct research on, user data and user interactions with the Site and Services
Cookies, Web Beacons and Log Information
h2 uses cookies, web beacons, log information and IP addresses in the ways described above and below.
“Cookies” are small pieces of information that a website attaches to your browser when you visit a website. h2 may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until deleted) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience with the Sites and Services. For example, h2 may use Cookies to control what advertisements you see, the sequence of advertisements and to make sure you don’t see the same advertisement too many times. For contests or sweepstakes, h2 may use Cookies to track your progress and the number of entries in some promotions. For polls, h2 may use Cookies to help ensure that an individual can’t vote more than once on a particular question or issue. h2 does not store Personal Information in any Cookies on your computer. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following your Internet browser’s directions within the help tab. To use certain Services offered through the Sites, your web browser must accept Cookies. If you choose to disable Cookies, some aspects of the Sites may not work properly, and you may not be able to access our Services.
h2 may also use Cookies, pixels, “Web Beacons” (which are usually small, transparent graphic images) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit, the features and information for which you searched and viewed, the e-mail you opened, or on which of the advertisements displayed on the Sites you clicked. This type of information is collected to make the Sites and Services more useful to you and to tailor the experience with h2 to meet your special interests and needs.
 
How We Disclose Information to Third Parties
h2 knows how important it is to keep your information confidential. h2 will not rent, sell or share your Personal Information with third parties except as specifically approved or under the circumstances described below. If you do not want h2 to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the ways identified in this Policy, you should not use the Site or Services.
Disclosure for legal reasons
h2 may disclose and release your Personal Information to third parties: (a) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena, or court order; or (b) in special cases, such as a physical threat to you or others, a threat to homeland security, a threat to our system or network, or cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate or prevent harm, fraud, abuse, illegal conduct, or a violation or alleged violation of this Policy or other agreement h2 may have with you.
Agents and Contractors
h2 may provide your Personal Information to third-party service providers who work with h2. Examples of such service providers include vendors and suppliers that provide h2 with technology, services, and/or content for sending e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payments (including credit card payments), and providing customer service. Access to your Personal Information by these service providers is limited to the information reasonably necessary to perform its limited function. These service providers have an obligation under their contracts with h2 to keep your Personal Information confidential.
Aggregated, Anonymous Information
h2 may share aggregated Anonymous Information about you with third parties. Aggregated information is your Anonymous Information that is combined with the Anonymous Information of other users and does not allow you to be identified or contacted. Depending on the circumstances, h2 may or may not charge third parties for this aggregated information, or limit the third parties’ use of the aggregated information.
Contests, sweepstakes, and polls
Some or all of the information collected during a contest or sweepstakes may be disclosed publicly. It may also be shared with other third parties as disclosed at the time of collection or in the promotion rules. These third parties may include a provider of prizes in order to update you of your status of your prize or other fulfillment needs, or a co-sponsor who may use your Personal Information to administer the promotion or for marketing purposes, but only in conformance with their privacy policy as made available to you at the time of collection. If data will be disclosed or shared in this manner, h2 will include a notice at the time of collection of such information.
Long-Term-License Services
Some of the Sites are websites that h2 operate on behalf of third-party licensors (collectively, “Licensors”). h2 may share some or all of your Personal Information with our Licensors. This Policy does not cover the use of your Personal Information by h2 Licensors. The privacy practices of h2 Licensors may differ from h2 and you are encouraged to contact those third parties directly if you have questions regarding their use of your Personal Information.
Sponsors – and other ways that you approve at the time of collection
h2 may collect Personal Information about you and share it with third parties to the extent that you give h2 permission at the time of collection. For example, h2 sometimes gathers Personal Information on behalf of a sponsor in association with a promotion. In such a case, h2 will provide you clear notice at the time of collection that the information is being collected on the sponsor’s behalf and link to the sponsor’s privacy policy. The sponsor is contractually obligated to comply with their privacy policy.
Within our Company; Changes to our Company
 
Message Boards and Chats
 
Children’s Information
 
Updating and Control of Your Personal Information
h2 offers you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Information. When you receive promotional communications from h2 you will have the opportunity to “opt out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail or newsletter you receive or by editing your preference to receive these communications on the individual Sites when you are logged in as a registered user. Please note that despite your indicated e-mail preferences, h2 may send you administrative e-mails regarding the Site and the Services, including, for example, administrative confirmations and notices of updates to our Policy if h2 chooses to provide such notices to you in this manner.
 
Co-branded Sections of the Sites
 
Third-Party Links
 
Ad Networks and Third-Party Cookies
 
Security
 
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions regarding privacy or this Policy, you may contact us as follows:
Toll-free (888) 850-5622
Direct (949) 236-8605
customercare@theh2solution.com
 
Privacy Policy Changes
 
Payment Terms
By clicking the “Sign Up” button on the registration page you become a Subscriber and are agreeing to certain payment terms that are as follows.
The h2 website offers services that require payment of fees. Subscriber shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the site in connection with such services selected by Subscriber. Use of the services by Subscriber following registration constitutes Subscriber’s acceptance of monthly charges. If the Subscriber wishes to discontinue payment of these fees, the subscription may be canceled at any time. However, h2 is not obligated to refund any fees that have accrued to your Account(s) before the cancellation.
h2 may offer a free trial membership. If you accept a free trial membership, h2 will begin to bill your credit card at the conclusion of the trial. If you do not wish to be charged, you should cancel your Account(s) two business days prior to the end of the trial period.
Subscriber is solely responsible for acknowledging and understanding that as stated upon registration, all trial memberships will automatically renew and transition into a monthly fee subscription unless affirmatively canceled by the Subscriber before the end of the trial period.
Fees may be based on subscription payments as more fully described on the Site. You may pay the subscription fees with a valid credit card that is under your own name or that you are authorized to use for such purpose. Recurring subscription fees paid by credit card will automatically renew, unless you affirmatively cancel your subscription prior to the beginning of the next applicable period for which the subscription corresponds. For each month that your subscription is active, you acknowledge and agree that h2 is authorized to charge the same credit card for the subscription fee. You agree to promptly notify h2 of any changes to your credit card while any subscriptions remain outstanding.
h2 is not obligated to refund any payment(s) made to your Account(s) before cancellation. However, refunds will be issued in qualifying instances when a payment was posted to the account after the cancellation, when the Subscriber cancels the Account(s) on the same day that a billing payment has occurred, when there has been an error and a duplicate membership was created by mistake, or when the Subscriber has a promotion code for a prepaid membership but did not use the code correctly. Refunds will not be issued in circumstances where the Subscriber claims to not have known that the trial would transition into a paid monthly membership. Refunds will not be issued for payments made over 90 days prior to the date that the Subscriber is requesting the refund.
