Privacy Policy
We care about your privacy and want you to be informed about what we do. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and share the information we receive about our clients and consumers and explains the options that are available to you. We’ll try to make this all as clear and as simple as possible, but if you have questions, you can contact us, and we’ll be happy to help. (See the “Contact” section below.)
Scope of This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy covers all of the information that we collect from visitors to our Site: www.thevintagenews.com (“Site”). We may change this Policy from time to time (see Changes to the Privacy Policy section below).
Some Helpful Terminology
We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business or the online advertising industry. Here are some of the key terms that you’ll need to know to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies typically are used to store user preferences. You do not have to use cookies, but if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use all portions of thevintagenews.com.
Log Data
Log Data includes information sent to us by browsers, including, for example, browser type, browser time, time of access, screen resolution, IP address, referring site URL, current site URL, and search strings.
Personal Information
Personal information (also sometimes called personal data) is information that is associated with an individual and enables that individual to be singled out. Through the use of our log data and cookies, we collect personal information about you; that is, information that does not identify you directly (for example, NOT your name or email address) but that may indirectly identify your device. Under European privacy law, some information transmitted by Cookies and Log Data are considered personal information. However, while we make predictions about your interests based on this information, we don’t know who you are.
Timera Media Partners
We partner with other companies to help us provide and improve our services. Sometimes, it is necessary for us to share information that could be considered to be personal information about you with these partners. (Remember that we don’t share directly identifiable information about consumers, such as your name or address, because we don’t even collect that type of information).
Below, in the “Partners” section, we list the categories of our partners with whom we share personal information, with explanations of the services provided by these partners, and the types of information we share with them. We try to keep this list of partners up to date, so from time to time this list will be updated. This list identifies partners in each category with whom we share information about European consumers, along with links to their privacy policies so that you can learn more about their data collection and usage practices.
Next to the partner names, you will see whether the partner is a “controller” or “processor” of the personal information we share with them. In short, under European privacy law, the controller is the party who determines the “why” and “how” of the processing of personal data. The controller controls and is responsible for this data. On the other hand, a processor merely holds or processes the personal data on the instructions of the controller. The processor does not exercise responsibility for or control over the personal data. We do not jointly control the personal information collected via our services with our partners.
We are continually improving our services and our partners will change over time. We will update this page to reflect those changes.
Information Collection and Use
Legal Bases for Collection and Use
In order to deliver our services, we use the information described in this Privacy Policy as necessary for our legitimate interests. These legitimate interests include our interests in providing you with relevant advertising and content, unless those interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms that require protection of personal information. We may share your information (as described in this Privacy Policy) where necessary to pursue our legitimate interests and those of our Partners in serving more useful and relevant advertising. You have the right to object to this processing where we rely on legitimate interests, which is described in the How To Object and Opt-Out section below.
In addition, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent to process the information. You may revoke that consent at any time. Please see the How To Object and Opt Out section below for information as to how you may withdraw your consent.
Information Collected from the TheVintageNews.com Site
When you visit TheVintageNews.com, our servers record and collect Log Data automatically sent by your browser. We use the Log Data to monitor, analyze, administer, and improve the TheVintageNews.com Site. As described below in the section Information Shared with Our Service Providers, we also allow some Partners to place tags on our Site.
If you contact us by email, we keep a record of your contact information and correspondence for as long as necessary to deal with your correspondence and the issues you raised. If you provide contact information to us, we may use that information to contact you with TheVintageNews newsletters, marketing, or promotional materials. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Information Shared with Our Partners
We share with third parties certain information, including Log Data, as part of providing and improving our products. For example, we disclose some of this data to companies involved in ad delivery or ad viewability. Likewise, we disclose some of this data in order to provide or facilitate site audience measurement, traffic analysis, or demographic analysis, and to enable websites to provide their advertisers with audience segments that are appropriate for their products or services. Since, as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not intentionally collect directly identifiable information about consumers (like your name or email address), we don’t (and couldn’t) share this type of information with Partners.
Information Shared with Our Service Providers
We use third parties to help us administer and improve our products. For example, these companies assist with hosting, data processing, database management, and administrative tasks on our behalf. These third parties and affiliates have access to information about you, including through the placement of Tags on our Site, to perform these tasks on our behalf.
Information Disclosed for Our Protection and the Protection of Others
It is our policy to protect you from having your privacy violated through abuse of the legal system. We reserve the right to disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary: (i) to comply with any applicable laws, regulations, and valid subpoenas, warrants, and court orders; (ii) to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves, third parties, or the public in general; and (iii) to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
Information Disclosed in a Change of Ownership
Timera Media may sell, transfer, or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including information we collect about you, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction completion.
Data Retention
We retain data for as long as necessary to provide our services and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we retain Log Data for up to 13 months. It is then permanently deleted. We may also retain information as is necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, or to enforce our agreements.
How to Object and Opt Out
Where you have provided Timera Media with consent to use your data, you may revoke that consent at any time. Click here or, if the consent plugin doesn’t work for you, see “Contact” section below.
Accessing, Changing, or Deleting Your Information
As outlined above, although we make predictions about consumers’ interests based on the information collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, we don’t know who you are. Accordingly, if we receive a request from you and we cannot identify you (even if you provide us with additional information), we may not be able to assist you in exercising these rights.
Data Security
We employ administrative, physical, and technical measures designed to protect the confidentiality and integrity of personal information that we hold. These measures may include encryption and employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network. Please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. We have procedures and security features in place to help keep your data secure once we receive it. Additionally, in some instances our Partners or others may provide information to us in unencrypted form.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time that information is collected. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this page regularly for updates. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them clearly on our website and/or by sending you an email or other notification, where feasible, and we’ll indicate when such changes will become effective.
Partners
Ad Serving
The companies in this category serve digital advertisements on various digital platforms such as the web, social media, or mobile apps, and issue reports on the performance of advertising campaigns (e.g., the number of users who saw a particular ad, the particular ad type that was served, etc.). We need to use these vendors to deliver and track the advertising campaigns that we serve, and we share online identifiers (e.g., an auction ID) in order to effectively use their services.
Infrastructure
These are companies who provide cloud-based hosting, storage and processing infrastructure and services to enable us to provide services to clients. We may store any of the data that it collects on its own servers or through these infrastructure partners.
Marketing and Customer Research
Timera Media works with companies to collect and analyze online behavior for market research, customer satisfaction, website feedback and concept testing. To do so, we include the tag of these companies on our webpages. By virtue of their tag on the site, these vendors collect online identifiers (e.g., cookie identifiers, IP address and device identifiers). Please see their privacy policies for more information about the data they collect via their tags or SDKs.
Contact
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or your dealings with the TheVintageNews.com Site, you can contact us at contactus@thevintagenews.com.
Newsletter
STAY UPDATED WITH OUR NEWS
Join 1000s of subscribers and receive the best Vintage News in your mailbox for FREE
Most Read
