Privacy Policy
I. Introduction
This statement discloses the privacy practices for UW-Extension’s division of Continuing Education Outreach & E-Learning website il.wisconsin.edu. Protecting the privacy of website visitors is important to us. We want to ensure that users understand what information we collect and how it is used.
II. Voluntary Information
We will not collect personally identifiable information from you other than what you supply to us voluntarily. For example, when you fill out the “Live Chat” form on this site, you will be asked for your email address. This information helps us reply to your request as well as tailor the site to your interests. This information is also used in aggregate form for statistical purposes. UW-Extension’s division of Continuing Education Outreach & E-Learning will not share your personal information with third parties except as may be required by law. The submission forms require participants to provide the program with contact information. The contact information provided by the participant is used only by us for phone, mail, and/or e-mail communication about the course or courses about which you inquired.
III. Network and Web Server Logs
When you visit il.wisconsin.edu, UW-Extension’s division of Continuing Education Outreach & E-Learning Web servers automatically collect and store limited information about your computer’s connection to the Internet.
The information collected allows us to make our site more useful to visitors. We do record some or all of the following information:
The Internet Protocol address (IP address) of the machine you used to access our website. Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data. Your IP address does not identify you personally.
The date and time you visited il.wisconsin.edu
The pages visited on il.wisconsin.edu
The Web browser, type of computer and operating system used to access our site
A list of files downloaded or viewed
The amount of time spent viewing files
These data DO NOT contain any personally identifiable information. Data are used to analyze website traffic and make improvements to il.wisconsin.edu.
How University of Wisconsin Independent Learning collects Information for Remarketing with Google
We advertise with Google Remarketing, displaying ads across the web to users who may have visited the University of Wisconsin Independent Learning website in the past or have shown interest in specific products or information within the site.
We utilize cookies to track information unique to each visitor including pages visited and past site activity in order to provide better service when users return to the site as well as a better user experience in the future.
Third-party vendors, including Google, may use cookies to serve ads on sites across the internet based on past activity and visits to  il.wisconsin.edu .
Visitors may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the  Ads Preferences Manager . Alternatively, you may opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the  Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page
UW-Extension’s division of Continuing Education Outreach & E-Learning Web servers have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
IV. Website Metrics
The UW-Extension’s division of Continuing Education Outreach & E-Learning uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to help determine how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports on website activity for website operators and provide other services relating to website activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above.  We use this information for Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the  Ads Settings . We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone’s past visits to this website. We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how visitor ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to this site.  We use this information from Google and other third-parties to improve the relevancy and effectiveness of ads served to prospective students.
V. Applicable Law
The UW-Extension complies with the Federal Trade Commission 1998 Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) ( www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm ) and Wisconsin Open Records Law. The laws of the state of Wisconsin govern the UW-Extension Privacy Policy.
VI. Acceptance of the uwex.edu Privacy Policy
By using this website, you agree to the terms and conditions of the UW-Extension Privacy Policy. Please check this page periodically for changes to our policy. Your continued use of il.wisconsin.edu following any changes indicates acceptance of those changes. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at  il@uwex.edu .
We assume responsibility only for il.wisconsin.edu. Be aware that sites we link to are not under UW-Extension’s control. Privacy protections of those linked sites may differ.
Effective Date: December 10, 2012
Explore Our Catalog
Choose from a wide variety of over 70 courses in online and print-based formats.
Friday: 8 am - 4:30 pm CDT
