CPE Courses
Self-Study
Customers who wish to earn continuing professional education credit for a self-study course must complete the program within one year from the date of purchase. They can access and print a certificate of completion immediately after receiving a passing grade on a final examination. The minimum passing score for each course is 70%. If customers initially fail an examination, they can continue to take the test an unlimited number of times within the one-year period from the date of purchase.
Refunds
AccountingTools offers a 30 day satisfaction guarantee for its CPE courses. If you are not satisfied with any self-study course you have purchased, provided you have not earned CPE credit from that course, please send your refund request to: Customer Service, AccountingTools, Inc., 6727 E. Fremont Place, Centennial, CO 80112.
Program Cancellation
AccountingTools does not offer webcasts or seminars at this time, and so does not have a program cancellation policy. 
Complaint Resolution
If you are not completely satisfied with your AccountingTools self-study course, contact the company at 303-886-1772 or use the contact form to send us an e-mail, or e-mail us directly at customerservice@accountingtools.com.
Course Updates
AccountingTools revises its courses as soon as feasible following changes to relevant codes, laws, rulings, decisions, interpretations, etc. In subject areas that undergo frequent changes, a subject matter expert reviews them at least once a year. All other courses are reviewed at least once every two years.
Record Retention
AccountingTools retains records of the following information regarding courses taken for at least five years: Names of participants, dates when courses were taken, the number of CPE credits earned by participants, and the results of program evaluations.
Information Privacy
Our CPE course purchasing form requires that you input your name, e-mail address, and payment information. We only use this information to process your order, enroll you in a course, issue grading and course certificate information, and send you periodic updates on new courses and related promotions. You always have the option to unsubscribe from our mailings at any time; an unsubscribe link is located on our promotional e-mails, or you may unsubscribe by contacting us through the contact form  or e-mailing us directly at customerservice@accountingtools.com.
We outsource exam grading and credit card processing to other companies. We provide these businesses with the minimum amount of information needed to carry out their contracted services. AccountingTools, Inc. does not share, donate, lease, rent, or sell your contact information to parties other than those just noted. 
AccountingTools, Inc. is registered with the National Association of State Boards of Accountancy (NASBA) as a sponsor of continuing professional education on the National Registry of CPE Sponsors. State boards of accountancy have the final authority on the acceptance of individual courses for CPE credit. Complaints regarding registered sponsors may be submitted to the National Registry of CPE Sponsors through its website: www.nasbaregistry.org .
The NASBA sponsor identification number for Accountingtools, Inc. is 115881.
AccountingTools is an IRS Approved Continuing Education Provider. We are compliant with the requirements for continuing education providers (as described in sections 10.6 and 10.9 of the Department of Treasury’s Circular No. 230 and in other IRS guidance, forms, and instructions). Our IRS Approved Continuing Education Provider number is 72821.
Copyright 2018
