Subway.com would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better.
To find out more about the cookies on our website, please see our Cookie Policy .
Allow
Amsterdam, the Netherlands
INFORMATION ABOUT OUR USE OF COOKIES
Our website: http://w.subway.com/en-AW uses Cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps SFAFT BV to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
If at any time in the future, SFAFT BV should add other Cookies to our website: http://w.subway.com/en-AW , we will update the Cookie information in SFAFT BV’s Cookie Policy. Please check SFAFT BV’s Cookie Policy regularly for any updates to SFAFT BV’s Cookie Policy.
The European Commission strengthened the privacy rights of internet users in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). All companies operating in the EEA must now comply with EU Directive e-Privacy Directive 2002/58/EC including the 2009 amendments, as well as national legislation. Due to the changes in EU Directive 2002/58/EC, all websites which operate across EEA are required to obtain consent for the use of cookies or similar tracking technologies (used for various purposes) placed on your computer or mobile device, by the website owner or other third-parties. SFAFT BV’s Cookie Policy provides you with clear and comprehensive information about the Cookies SFAFT BV uses and the purposes for using those Cookies. To find out more about SFAFT BV’s privacy practices and procedures that apply to users of SFAFT BV’s website: http://w.subway.com/en-AW , SFAFT BV urges you to review our Privacy Statement .
If you have any questions or concerns regarding SFAFT BV’s Cookie Policy and/or Privacy Statement, please contact SFAFT BV’s Privacy Officer at: privacyofficer_aw@subway.com .
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small bits of text that are downloaded to your browser as you surf the web. Their purpose is to carry bits of useful information about your interaction with the website that sets the Cookies. Cookies do not contain software programs, which means Cookies cannot install any software programs on your computer.
Generally, Cookies do not contain any Personal Information that would identify you. Cookies usually contain a string of text or "unique identifier" which acts like a label. When a website sees the string of text which was set in a Cookie, the website knows the browser is one that it has seen before. The website can then use the information to present you with custom web pages. For example, instead of seeing a generic welcome page, you might see a welcome page with your name on it.
Please note, if you use a different computer, open a new web browser, or delete cookies, the website will treat you as if you have just arrived on the website for the first time and a new cookie will be set on the computer or other device you are on.
WHAT ARE COOKIES USED FOR?
SFAFT BV may use Cookies for a variety of reasons, such as, but not limited to:
Help remember your preferences on a website.
Understand how you and other users are using the website.
For logging into a service or to make sure you're logged in securely. Please note, these types of Cookies may contain Personal Information, such as: your email address and/or your name, provided by you to SFAFT BV when you registered on our website: http://w.subway.com/en-AW , and is the only website that can access this information.
The Cookies used for managing advertising on SFAFT BV’s website, particularly when a Cookie is set from a separate website or domain, can record when and where you saw an advertisement, where you were when the Cookie was placed on your computer, and whether you clicked on the advertisement. The Cookie then sends this information to the website or domain owner in order to record the data and use the data to make sure you don't see the same advertisement too many times. The website or domain owner can then use the information to try and draw certain conclusions about what you, such as, what you might be interested in. For example: after reviewing the information that was sent to the website or domain owner, they might conclude that you are a football fan, a health and fitness enthusiasts, or a person who loves to travel. This type of Cookie is known as a third-party advertising cookie.
‘First’ or ‘Third’ Party Cookies - Whether a Cookie is a ‘first’ or ‘third’ party Cookie, refers to the website or domain that placed the Cookie on your computer.
First-party Cookies – is a Cookie set by the same domain as the website that you are visiting and whose URL can be found in your browsers address bar.
Third-party Cookies – is a Cookie set by a different domain than the website that you are visiting.
When visiting SFAFT BV’s website you may be able to share products with your friends through social media websites such as, but not limited to: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google+ and YouTube. You may be sent Cookies from these social media websites. Please note, SFAFT BV does not control the setting of any Cookies that may be set from these social media websites. SFAFT BV urges you check that third-party social media websites Cookie Policy and or Privacy Policy for more information about the Cookies they use and how you can manage their Cookies.
 
WHAT COOKIES DOES SFAFT BV USE ON OUR WEBSITE AND WHY?
Our categorization of cookies is based on the International Chamber of Commerce guide for cookie categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies let you navigate the website and use essential features like secure areas, identify you as being logged in, or in the process of looking for a property, to remember things like information you've entered on search forms. Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you use your browser setting to block these cookies we can't guarantee your security or predict how our website will perform during your visit.
Performance Cookies collect information about how you use our website such as which pages you visit and if you experience errors. All the information collected is anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works and understand user behavior. We use performance cookies to provide statistics on how our website is used, measure errors that occur and test different designs. Accepting these cookies is a condition of using the website, so if you use your browser setting to block these cookies we can't guarantee your security or predict how our website will perform during your visit.
Functionality Cookies are used to provide services or to remember settings to improve your visit. We use functionality cookies to remember settings or preferences, remember you when you return to our site and manage your login to our site. Some of these cookies may be managed for us by third parties: we do not allow the third party to use the cookies for any purpose other than those listed above. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may seriously inhibit the functionality available to you on our website and will reduce the support we can offer you.
Targeting Cookies are linked to services provided by third parties, such as Like and Share buttons. We do not use targeting cookies but the third party provides these services in return for recognizing that you have visited our website. For example, cookies may be used in social sharing functionality for sites such as Twitter and Facebook, who may use information about your visit to target advertising to you on other websites. You can control whether or not these cookies are used, but preventing them may stop us from offering you some services. All of these cookies are managed by third parties, and you may use the third parties' own tools to prevent these cookies.
OTHER FORMS OF TRACKING
Flash Cookies
Also known as, Locally Shared Objects ("LSO") are pieces are pieces of information that Adobe Flash might store on your computer. This is designed to save data such as, but not limited to: video volume preferences or web-based games, and is also capable of storing information on your device. However, these cookies cannot be controlled through your web browser. If you wish to restrict or block Flash Cookies, then you must do this on the Adobe website . Please be aware that restricting the use of Flash Cookies may affect certain features available to you on our website.
Do Not Track (“DNT”) Browser Setting
DNT is a feature offered by some browsers which, when enabled, sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing is not tracked, such as by third party ad networks, social networks and analytic companies. This website does not currently respond to DNT requests, however, you may opt-out of tracking on this website: http://www.allaboutdnt.com/ . Additionally, new technologies now allow venues such as, but not limited to: airports, stores, and hotels, to receive signals from devices that are in or near them. Mobile Location Analytics ("MLA") companies that have agreed to Future of Privacy Forum’s (“FPF”) MLA Code of Conduct will honor the requests of consumers who wish to opt-out of having their location collected. Consumers can opt-out by entering their mole phones’ Wi-Fi or Bluetooth MAC address at: http://www.smartstoreprivacy.org/ .
HTTP Only Cookies
These are cookies that are used only when transmitting a HTTP request, so that other non-HTTP technologies such as javascript and Application-Programming Interface (API) APIs of other websites cannot use the cookie to manipulate your computer.
MORE ABOUT COOKIES
For more information about Cookies, including how to see what Cookies have been set and how to manage, block and delete them, visit: www.allaboutcookies.org and/or www.aboutcookies.org . The websites located at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.aboutcookies.org give you detailed step by step guidance on how to control and delete Cookies depending on your browser type. You can adjust your browser settings to your preferred level of protection.
The following external links explain how to manage cookies for the most common browser types:
Internet Advertising Bureau - A guide to behavioural advertising and online privacy has been produced by the internet advertising industry which can be found at: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ .
Digital Advertising Alliance - A guide to the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising as managed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) can be found at http://www.aboutads.info/obaprinciples . To opt-out of internet-based advertising by all DAA-participating companies, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ .
International Chamber of Commerce United Kingdom - Information on the ICC (UK) UK cookie guide can be found on the ICC website section .
Yay! You made it to the end!
(there's good stuff down here, btw)
More Subway here! What do you wanna know?
