Menu
Last Updated: 9 Feb 2017
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Subway Seasons. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our Mobile Games and apps and other online products(websites etc).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or mobile applications or by sending you an notifications). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Device Specific Information: We are collecting device information including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information to track or analyze the user behavior and uses of apps and games. We are not using this information or disclose your device information for any purpose but to send email or notification for the updates about app or game.
Other Information Collected with Permission: Our mobile applications that are distributed through various “app” stores may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We may only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process.
Analytic and Advertisements: We may allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services, to provide analytics services and provide you with other services. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, your account information (that you set up with these third parties) and other technologies to collect information about you on our Services and other websites and online services, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. These third parties may also share this information with their customers and clients. This information may be used by Subway Seasons, and these other companies and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. Some of these third-party analytics and advertising services offer you a choice to opt out the collection of and/or sharing of this information; links to the opt-out mechanisms for the third parties that offer such a choice can be found in the “Your Choices” section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.
Push Notifications: With your consent, we may send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
