La página que solicitaste no está disponible en español. Lamentamos cualquier inconveniente.
Cancelar
Aviso
El siguiente contenido aún no está disponible en español. Nuestras disculpas por cualquier inconveniencia que esto pueda causar. Este contenido estará disponible en español en un futuro cercano.
Cancelar
Continuar
Menu
We value your privacy.
This is our Notice of Privacy Policy, and we’ll provide it the first time we do business with you and upon request or as required by law thereafter.
This Notice describes how we protect, collect, use, and share customer information. Customer information means all nonpublic information related to an identified individual, which is sometimes called personally identifiable information. Customer information does not include anonymized data or de-identified data, which do not identify an individual.
Get Your Notice of Privacy Policy Online
A Good Neighbor is a Green NeighborTM
We do not sell customer information.
We do not allow those who are doing business on our behalf to use our customer information for their own marketing purposes.
We contractually require any person or organization providing products or services on our behalf to protect State Farm customer information.
We do not share customer medical information within the State Farm family of companies unless:
you expressly authorize it; or
it is permitted or required by law; or
your insurance policy contract with us permits us to do so.
We handle information about former and prospective customers the same as existing customers.
We retain customer information for legal, auditing, regulatory, and business purposes.
We collect customer information in different ways. For example, we gather information from:
applications and other forms related to our products and through conversations with State Farm representatives, including our agents.
use of statefarm.com® , our mobile sites and applications, our social media sites and applications, and interactions with our online advertisements.
transactions or experiences with us, such as payments, underwriting, and claims.
within the State Farm family of companies.
non-State Farm parties, including consumer reporting agencies that provide us with information such as driving records, claim histories, and credit information.
underwrite and rate your policies and accounts.
process your claims.
provide proper billing.
enhance your customer experience and improve our products and services.
offer you other insurance and financial services products.
develop and offer new products and services.
develop either anonymized data or de-identified data by making reasonable efforts to remove personally identifiable information so the information is no longer customer information. We develop this data for certain purposes, such as analysis to understand more about our customers and our industry, or for other commercial purposes as permitted by law. We share and use this data within our State Farm family of companies, with third party service providers, or with other unaffiliated entities.
perform other activities as required or permitted by law.
We share customer information, including information about our transactions with you (such as payments) and experiences with you (such as an auto claim), within our State Farm family of companies and with State Farm agents to help meet your product and service needs. We share customer information inside or outside our family of companies:
for our everyday business purposes, for public policy purposes, and as permitted or required by law.
as needed, to handle your claim. For example, we may share name, address, and coverage information with an auto body shop to speed up repairs on auto damage claims.
with consumer reporting agencies, for example, during the underwriting process.
in connection with a proposed or actual sale, merger, transfer, or exchange of all or a portion of our business or operating unit.
with companies that perform marketing or other services for us or with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These agreements allow us to provide a broader selection of insurance and financial products to you.
as needed, to protect against fraud and unauthorized transactions and in connection with the investigation, establishment, and defense of legal rights.
To Limit the Sharing of Customer Information Within the State Farm Family of Companies
We share customer information within our State Farm family of companies so, for example, we do not have to ask you for the same information again. If you prefer to limit sharing information such as your driving record, claim history with other companies, and credit information, call your State Farm agent or 800-865-6035. Please note, your choice:
will apply to joint policyholders or account holders on shared policies and accounts.
does not limit State Farm from sharing certain customer information about your transactions or experiences with us for our everyday business purposes or for public policy purposes.
does not limit State Farm from sharing customer information in the event of a transfer, between State Farm companies, of all or a portion of a line of business.
If you are an existing customer and have already told us your customer information sharing preference, no action is needed unless you want to change your preference.
Residents of Vermont: State Farm will not share certain customer information across our State Farm family of companies unless authorized by you. This does not limit State Farm from sharing information about your transactions with us (such as your payment history) or your experience with us (such as your claim history) as permitted by law.
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company
State Farm Fire and Casualty Company
State Farm General Insurance Company
State Farm Indemnity Company
State Farm County Mutual Insurance Company of Texas
State Farm Lloyds
State Farm Life and Accident Assurance Company
State Farm Bank, FSB
State Farm Investment Management Corp.
State Farm VP Management Corp.
State Farm Associates’ Funds Trust
State Farm Mutual Fund Trust
State Farm Variable Product Trust
Insurance Placement Services, Inc.
State Farm Realty Mortgage, LLC.
*This Notice does not apply to HiRoad Assurance Company which has its own privacy notice.
In addition to the information collection and sharing practices described above, State Farm website properties and mobile applications may use common tracking technologies like browser cookies, “Local Shared Objects” (such as “Flash” cookies), analytical tools, device IDs, or other technologies. We also collect certain technical information about the device you use to access our site or services, such as user-agent, time stamp, hardware type, language and time zone settings, IP address, OS type and version, and installed fonts. Our mobile and social media applications will contain a statement describing what information is collected from your use of that particular application. Currently, we do not support the necessary technology to respond to Web browser "do not track" signals or other, comparable mechanisms.  Learn more about our ads and tracking activities .
If you click on links to a third party sites, you will be taken to websites we do not control. This Notice does not apply to the privacy practices of those websites. Read the privacy policy of other websites carefully. We are not responsible for these third party sites.
Please contact your agent for name/address changes or policy/coverage questions.
If you have questions about this Notice, please refer to the Notice of Privacy Policy FAQs . You may contact us with questions about this Notice by:
writing us at:
PO Box 2322
Bloomington, IL 61704-2322
If a material change is made to this Notice, a revised version of the Notice of Privacy Policy will be made available to you.
Residents of California: We may collect customer information from persons other than the individual or individuals applying for coverage. Such customer information as well as other personal or privileged information subsequently collected may, in certain circumstances, be disclosed to third parties without your authorization as permitted by law. If you would like additional information about the collection and disclosure of customer information, please contact your State Farm agent. You may also act upon your right to see and correct any customer information in your State Farm files by writing your State Farm agent to request this access.
Residents of Nevada: Nevada law requires us to disclose that you may elect to be placed on our internal “do not call” list should you wish not to receive marketing calls from State Farm.  If you have already been placed on our internal “do not call” list please disregard this notice. You may request to be placed on State Farm’s internal “do not call” list by:
contacting your State Farm agent, OR
visiting www.statefarm.com and submitting the Do Not Solicit form, OR
writing us at the following address:
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Company
Mail Response Center
Bloomington, IL 61710
Please provide us with your name, address and all telephone numbers you wish to be placed on our list.  If you have questions about Nevada law regarding “do not call”, please contact us at the address listed above, or you may contact the Nevada Attorney General at:
Office of the Nevada Attorney General
Bureau of Consumer Protection
Las Vegas, NV 89101
Si desea recibir una copia de esta notificación en español: Por favor póngase en contacto con su agente de State Farm o visite es.statefarm.com .
Last updated 8/17
State Farm, Bloomington, IL
