Select Page
Privacy Policy
The objective of this privacy policy is to transparently disclose how TradebyTrade (‘TradebyTrade’, ‘us’) collects and uses your personal information. This Privacy policy applies to information we collect when you use our website and other online services that is link to TradebyTrade.
The Privacy Policy may change from time to time, if we make changes, we will notify you by revising data at the top of the policy. In some cases, we may provide you with additional notices such as adding statements to our homepage or sending notifications. We advise that you review the privacy policy whenever you access the services or contact us to stay informed about our information process and ways you can help protect your privacy.
TradebyTrade and its affiliates are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. The purpose of this privacy policy is to describe:
The types of Personal Information we collect and how it may be used
Our use of cookies and similar technology
How and why we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties
Your right to access, correct, update, and delete your Personal Information
The security measures we use to protect and prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of Personal Information
TradebyTrade’s retention of your Personal Information
 
Information You Provide to Us
We collect information you provide directly to us. The types of information we may collect include your name, social security number or other government ID number, date of birth, email address, postal address, phone number, certain virtual currency information, and any other information you choose to provide.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Log Information: We log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information.
Exchange information: we collect information about the exchange transactions you complete on the TradebyTrade website, including the amount of virtual currency associated with an exchange transaction, the types of exchanges executed, and other transaction information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking  Technologies
TradebyTrade and our service providers may use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, view which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits, manage the registration process for accounts, remember your site preferences, retain certain information to process orders for exchange transactions, and retain information to provide you with support. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
 
Personalizeyour TradebyTrade Services experience.
AnalyzeTradebyTrade Site usage, and improve our Site and Site offerings.
Help us respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
Contact you about TradebyTrade Services. The email address you provide may be used to communicate information and updates related to your use of the TradebyTrade Services. We may also occasionally sendcompany news, updates, promotions, and related information relating to similar products and services provided by TradebyTrade.
Establish and maintain a responsible commercial relationship with you.
Inform you about trading and financing features.
Provide information to you about developments and new products, including changes and enhancements to the Site.
Develop, enhance, and market products and services, and provide products and services to you.
Process billing and collection of any fees.
Deliver products and services to you.
 
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf.
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation.
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of TradebyTrade or others.
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
With your consent or at your direction.
 
PROTECTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
 
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions related to this Privacy Policy, your rights and obligations arising from this Privacy Policy and/or your use of the Site and the Service, your Account, or any other matter, please contact us at  https://support.tradebytrade.com .
What you can do
