1. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
LocalConditions.com is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy  Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we  collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing LocalConditions.com you acknowledge and fully understand our Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use  practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
2. DEFINITIONS OF DATA COLLECTION AND USE
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: Email address, Name, Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City, Cookies and Usage Data.
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.
Usage Data
We collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking & Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. See Section 7 for third-party providers.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies: session cookies (we use these cookies to operate our Service) and preference or "persistent" cookies (we DO NOT use these cookies to remember your preferences and various settings - but integrated third-party service providers may do so.).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
3. PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES
Related or Unrelated services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, advertisers, suppliers, content providers, etc... have  their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links  within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in LocalConditions.com services are encouraged to practice in industry privacy initiatives  and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not  have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other  third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites.  We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants  and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any  transaction with such parties.
4. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
LocalConditions.com collects certain information from and about its users three  ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user and cookies.
a. Web Server Logs.
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and    analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol (IP) address.
The kind of browser or device you use.
Number of links you click within the site.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
b. Use of Cookies
LocalConditions.com may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page  server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.  One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you  time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie  helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this  simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by  providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing  personalized functionality..  LocalConditions.com reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with  partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website  unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into LocalConditions.com a site that relies on third-party cookies).  You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically  accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If  you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable  some of the functionality on our Website.
In any case, if you want to manage, deactivate or authorize the cookies, you can use the below links to learn how. Please consult your Device's manual if your browser is not listed here:
c. Personal Information Users
Visitors to our website can leave reports for a weather and/or traffic market. When you do so, we will  request some personal information such as name and email and other relevant information. You may also be asked to disclose  personal information to us so that we can provide assistance and information to you. For  example, such data may be warranted in order to provide online technical support and  troubleshooting.  We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third  parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for use of the website.
To protect ourselves from liability
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
5. RETENTION OF DATA
We will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
6. USE OF "WEB BEACONS" OR "GIF FILES"
LocalConditions.com Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons - sometimes also called single-pixel gifs - that allow LocalConditions.com to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver cobranded services. LocalConditions.com may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
7. WEBSITE ANALYTICS AND SOCIAL SHARING
We use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the your activity of our Service.
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
AddThis
AddThis is a social-media sharing and analytics service that offers a widget to website publishers for the purpose of allowing social-bookmarking and visitor counting. It streamlines the ability for visitors to share web pages and content across a vast array of other third-party social media websites and services.
For more information on the privacy practices of AddThis and how to opt-out, please visit their Privacy & Data Practices web page: https://www.addthis.com/privacy
8. ADVERTISEMENTS
Advertisers on LocalConditions.com are using their own methods of tracking impressions and visits by implementing cookies or web beacons to determine the effectiveness of their own advertising campaigns. Generally, those tracking cookies are to offer Ads that are specific to a visitor's web surfing and purchasing trends.
These methods may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements bring you to our website and/or how you leave the site.
We are however, as part of our terms of use, not to be held responsible for any possible failures of third-party advertisers to practice proper and safe uses of tracking cookies and the information they collect.
Google AdSense
We use Google AdSense to serve ads. Google uses cookies (AKA, the DoubleClick cookie) to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying Google ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a Google partner's website, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings or visit www.aboutads.info for more information.
9. MAPS
We may use third-party Service Providers to show static or interactive topographical maps to you in order to help support and maintain our Service.
Google Maps/Google Earth
10. YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS UNDER GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. LocalConditions.com aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us using the method provided in Section 14.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification: You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object: You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction: You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability: You have the right to be provided with a copy of your Personal Data in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent: You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where LocalConditions.com relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we will ask you to verify your identity before responding to requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
11. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA UNDER GENERAL DATA PROTECTION REGULATION (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), LocalConditions.com legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. LocalConditions.com may process your Personal Data because:
We need analyze statical data to improve the service.
You have given us permission to do so
The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
For payment processing purposes
12. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
13. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
LocalConditions.com has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy  statement. When we do, we will also revise the "updated" date at the top of this Privacy  page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed  about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued  use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
14. CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to  adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us using this form .  We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and address any problem or question.
xClose
Weather forecast and outlook with local weather report and 5 day forecast including humidity, precipitation, and temperatures presented in Fahrenheit and Celsius. US states include any National Weather Service alerts, warnings, and advisories - as well as local traffic conditions for USA, Puerto Rico, and Canada.
