Privacy Policy 
 
Information we collect when you contact us
Information we collect when you interact with our website
Information we collect when you place an order on our website
Our use of automated decision-making and profiling
How we collect or obtain information about you from third parties
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
How long we retain your information
How we secure your information
Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area
Your rights in relation to your information
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
Sensitive Personal Information
Children’s Privacy
Copyright, credit and logo
Summary
This section summarises how we obtain, store and use information about you. It is intended to provide a very general overview only. It is not complete in and of itself and it must be read in conjunction with the corresponding full sections of this Privacy Policy.
Data controller: ColourPop Cosmetics, LLC
 
How we collect or obtain information about you:
when you provide it to us (e.g. by contacting us , placing an order on our website, sign up for our email newsletter, take a quiz, or create an account).
from your use of our website, using cookies and similar technologies, and
occasionally, from third parties.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Use of automated decision making and profiling: we use automated decision making and/or profiling. We do this in order to protect our business from harm from fraud during the checkout process via our partner Signify (privacy policy here: https://www.signifyd.com/privacy/ ).
Your rights in relation to your information
to access your information and to receive information about its use
to have your information corrected and/or completed
to have your information deleted
to restrict the use of your information
to receive your information in a portable format
to object to the use of your information
to withdraw your consent to the use of your information
to complain to a supervisory authority
 
 
Our details
The data controller in respect of our website is ColourPop Cosmetics, LLC of 1400 Stellar Dr. Oxnard, CA 93033. You can contact the data controller by writing to ColourPop Cosmetics, LLC C/O Data Controller 1400 Stellar Dr. Oxnard, CA 93033 or sending an email to privacy@colourpop.com
 
Information we collect when you visit our website
 
Web server log information
We use a third party server to host our website called Shopify Inc., the privacy policy of which is available here https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy . Our website server automatically logs the IP address you use to access our website as well as other information about your visit such as the pages accessed, information requested, the date and time of the request, the source of your access to our website (e.g. the website or URL (link) which referred you to our website), and your browser version and operating system.
 
Use of website server log information for IT security purposes
 Our  third party hosting provider collect(s) and store(s) server logs to ensure network and IT security and so that the server and website remain uncompromised. This includes analysing log files to help identify and prevent unauthorised access to our network, the distribution of malicious code, denial of services attacks and other cyber attacks, by detecting unusual or suspicious activity.
Unless we are investigating suspicious or potential criminal activity, We/we do not make, nor do we allow our hosting provider to make, any attempt to identify you from the information collected via server logs.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation: we have a legal obligation to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk of our processing of information about individuals. Recording access to our website using server log files is such a measure.
 
Cookies and similar technologies
Cookies are data files which are sent from a website to a browser to record information about users for various purposes.
We use cookies and similar technologies on our website, including essential, functional, analytical and advertising cookies and web beacons. For further information on how we use cookies, please see our cookies policy which is available here: https://colourpop.com/pages/cookie-policy
 
Information we collect when you contact us
 
Email and Contact Form
When you send an email to the email address displayed on our website we collect your email address and any other information you provide in that email (such as your name, telephone number and the information contained in any signature block in your email).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party email provider/customer service management tool to store emails and messages you send us. Our third party email provider is Zendesk, Inc. located in the United States. Their privacy policy is available here https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/privacy-policy/  
 
 
Mail
If you contact us by mail, we will collect any information you provide to us in any postal communications you send us.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation)
Legitimate interest(s): responding to enquiries and messages we receive and keeping records of correspondence.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Information we collect when you interact with our website
 
E-Newsletter
When you sign up for our e-newsletter on our website or opt to receive news, offers, updates on out-of-stock items from us by entering your name and email address and clicking subscribe or ticking a box at checkout indicating that they would like to receive your e-newsletter, we collect your email address , information about your browser, information about the page you signed up on,  and any other additional information you may provide to us.
Legal basis for processing: your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party service to send out our e-newsletter and administer our mailing list, Klaviyo. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.klaviyo.com/privacy .
Information you submit to subscribe for our e-newsletter will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party mailing list provider’s servers in the United States. For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Use of web beacons and similar technologies in emails]
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files) in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve. We will only use web beacons in our emails if you have consented to us doing so.
or more information on how we use web beacons in our e-newsletter emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://colourpop.com/pages/cookie-policy
 
Registering on our website
When you register and create an account on our website, we collect the following information: Email address, IP address, and any other information you provide to us when you complete the registration form.
If you do not provide the mandatory information required by the registration form, you will not be able to register or create an account on our website.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: registering and administering accounts on our website to provide access to content, secure access to order history and status for customers and to facilitate the running and operation of our business.
Transfer and storage of your information
Information you submit to us via the registration form on our website will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party hosting provider’s servers in The United States and Canada. Our third party hosting provider is Shopify with servers located throughout North America and where its sub-processors may be located. Their privacy policy is available here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy
 
Information we collect when you place an order on our website
 
Mandatory information
When you place an order for goods or services on our website, we collect your name, email address, billing address, shipping address, company name (if applicable), billing name, and information about your browser.
If you do not provide this information, you will not be able to purchase goods or services from us on our website or enter into a contract with us.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: we need the mandatory information collected by our checkout form to establish who the contract is with and to contact you to fulfil our obligations under the contract, including sending you receipts and order confirmations.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Optional information
We also collect optional information from you, such as your phone number or information about how your experience was in the form of a survey. We also ask you if you would like to receive marketing communications from us. For further information, see ‘Marketing communications’ in this section below.
If you do not supply the optional information requested at checkout, such as phone number. we will not be able to contact you by phone or SMS.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Legitimate interests: finding out how a customer’s experience was to improve your business’ website or to be able to contact the customer by phone in relation to their order.
AND
Legal basis for processing: your consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Processing your payment
After you place an order on our website you will need to make payment for the goods or services you have ordered. In order to process your payment we use a third party payment processor (Shopify Payments) and a fraud gateway to ensure that your order is not fraudulent (Signify inc. Your payment will be processed by Shopify Payments.
Shopify Payments collects, uses and processes your information, including payment information, in accordance with their privacy policies. You can access  their privacy policy via the following link(s): Shopify Payments: https://pay.shopify.com/tos-privacy-policy
Transfer and storage of your information
Shopify Payments is located in Canada. Information relating to the processing of your payment is stored outside the European Economic Area on our [third party payment processor’s servers in Canada and the United States.
For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Marketing communications
 
Our similar goods and services
You can opt-out from receiving marketing communications in relation to our goods and which are similar to those which you purchase from us, by ticking a box to opt out or clicking ‘unsubscribe’ in any email from us.
We will send you marketing communications in relation to similar goods and services if you do not opt out from receiving them.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: direct marketing and advertising our products and services.
 
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party service to administer our mailing list, Klaviyo, Inc. Information you submit to subscribe for our e-newsletter will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party mailing list provider’s servers in the United States. For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Use of web beacons [and similar technologies] in emails
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve. We will only use web beacons in our emails if you have consented to us doing so.
For more information on how we use web beacons in our emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://colourpop.com/pages/cookie-policy
 
Our goods and services
You can opt in to receiving marketing communications from us in relation to our goods and services by email ticking a box indicating that you would like to receive such communications during checkout or at any time while browsing the site by entering your email address into our newsletter sign-up form.
We will send you marketing communications in relation to our goods and services only if you opt-in to receive them.
Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Transfer and storage of your information
We use a third party service to administer our mailing list, Klaviyo, Inc. Information you submit to subscribe for our e-newsletter will be stored outside the European Economic Area on our third party mailing list provider’s servers in the United States. For further information about the safeguards used when your information is transferred outside the European Economic Area, see the section of this privacy policy below entitled Transfers of your information outside the European Economic Area.
Use of web beacons [and similar technologies] in emails
We use technologies such as web beacons (small graphic files in the emails we send to allow us to assess the level of engagement our emails receive by measuring information such as the delivery rates, open rates and click through rates which our emails achieve. We will only use web beacons in our emails if you have consented to us doing so.
For more information on how we use web beacons in our emails, see our cookies policy which is available here: https://colourpop.com/pages/cookie-policy
 
 
Information collected or obtained from third parties
This section sets out how we obtain or collect information about you from third parties.
Information received from third parties
Generally, we do not receive information about you from third parties. The third parties from which we receive information about you will generally include partner companies who we are doing a joint promotion with..
It is also possible that third parties with whom we have had no prior contact may provide us with information about you.
Information we obtain from third parties will generally be your name and contact details, but will include any additional information about you which they provide to us.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract or to take steps at your request to enter into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Reason why necessary to perform a contract: where a third party has passed on information about you to us (such as your name and email address) in order for us to provide services to you, we will process your information in order to take steps at your request to enter into a contract with you and perform a contract with you (as the case may be).
Legal basis for processing: consent (Article 6(1)(a) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Consent: where you have asked that a third party to share information about you with us and the purpose of sharing that information is not related to the performance of a contract or services by us to you, we will process your information on the basis of your consent, which you give by asking the third party in question to pass on your information to us.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interests: where a third party has shared information about you with us and you have not consented to the sharing of that information, we will have a legitimate interest in processing that information in certain circumstances.
 
Where we receive information about you in error
 
Our use of automated decision-making and profiling
We use automated decision making and profiling on our website. We do not consider that this has any legal effect on you or similarly significantly affects you.
You have the right to object to our use of automated decision making and profiling described in this section. You can do that by opting-out of cookies and similar technologies in accordance with the method described in the relevant section below. If you do not want us to process your actual IP address (usually the IP address assigned to you by your Internet Service Provider) when you visit our website, you can use a Virtual Private Network (VPN) or a free service such as Tor.
 
Automated decision making
Automated decision making is decision making by technological means (i.e. by a machine) without human involvement.
Use of automated decision making for display advertising]
We automate the display advertisements containing our products and services on other websites you visit, you based on the fact that you have visited our website using cookies. For further information on the cookies we use, please see our cookies policy which is available here: https://colourpop.com/pages/cookie-policy
Logic involved: automatically displaying advertisements to individuals who have visited our website results in increased efficiencies and costs savings for us than manually displaying advertisements or displaying advertisements by different means.
Significance and envisaged consequences: cookies will be used to recognise the fact that you have visited our website in order to display advertisements to you (unless you have blocked such cookies) and will collect information about your online behaviour.
How to object: you can block these cookies by using the cookies control management tool on our site or by opting out of seeing personalised ads by following the instructions here: https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en-GB ]. For further information, please see our cookies policy: https://colourpop.com/pages/cookie-policy
 
Profiling
 
Use of profiling for web analytics
Our web analytics services, Google Analytics and Qubit, Inc. use collects information such as your location (based on your IP address) and your behaviour (based on cookies) when you access our website (such as the pages you visit and what you click on) and how much you are spending on our site. We will only process information from cookies if you have consented to us setting cookies on your computer in accordance with our cookies policy. Information collected about you, once collected is anonymised and stored on an aggregate basis. IP addresses are anonymized at the point of collection on our site.
Logic involved: by automatically analysing and categorising information such as the location (based on IP address) as well as the behaviour and devices of visitors to our website (using cookies), we are able to gain a better understanding of what our website visitors want (in terms of the content of our website and our products), how to improve our website and how to advertise and market our services to them.
Significance and envisaged consequences: cookies will be used to track and store information about your behaviour and device on our website (unless you have opted out from receiving such cookies by using our cookie control tool and your location will be analysed based on your IP address. We may target advertisements or content on our site based on the level of interest we receive from certain visitors and their behaviour on our website.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation) and the basis upon you give us consent to use this by opting into cookie tracking.
 
Use of profiling in marketing emails
We use web beacons in our marketing emails to analyse who opens our emails and what actions they take (for example, what they click on). We will only process information from web beacons if you have consented to their use in accordance with our cookies policy ( https://colourpop.com/pages/cookie-policy ).
Logic involved: by analysing how our email recipients respond to our emails, we are able to improve the content and effectiveness of our emails and gauge who is most interested.
Significance and envisaged consequences: your behaviour when you open our emails will be tracked using small gif files (web beacons), including open rates, click through rates, and what items you clicked on in an email.
How to object: You may object to this by contacting us at privacy@colourpop.com or you may opt out by using our cookie control tool.
 
Disclosure and additional uses of your information
 
Disclosure of your information to service providers
We use a number of third parties to provide us with services which are necessary to run our business or to assist us with running our business and who process your information for us on our behalf. These include the following:
Email provider(s), including Klaviyo Inc. Their privacy policy is available here: klaviyo.com/privacy
Customer Service System Provider: Zendesk Inc. Their privacy policy is available here:
IT service provider(s), including Shipping Easy and Microsoft Azure. Their privacy policies are available here: https://support.shippingeasy.com/hc/en-us/articles/115003637406-Privacy-Policy https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Hosting provider(s), including Shopify Inc. Their privacy policy is available here: shopify.com/privacy
 Our third party service providers are located in the United State and Canada.
Your information will be shared with these service providers where necessary to provide you with the service you have requested, whether that is accessing our website or ordering goods and services from us.
We do not display all the identities of all of our service providers publicly by name for security and competitive reasons. If you would like further information about the identities of our service providers, however, please contact us directly via our contact form or by email at privacy@colourpop.com and we will provide you with such information where you have a legitimate reason for requesting it (where we have shared your information with such service providers, for example).
Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest relied on: where we share your information with these third parties in a context other than where is necessary to perform a contract (or take steps at your request to do so), we will share your information with such third parties in order to allow us to run and manage our business efficiently.
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract and/or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Disclosure of your information to other third parties
We disclose your information to other third parties in specific circumstances, as set out below.
 
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): meeting our contractual obligations to Google under our Google Analytics Terms of Service ( https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html )
You can opt out of Google Analytics by installing the browser plugin here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Transfer and storage of your information
Information collected by Google Analytics is stored outside the European Economic Area on Google’s servers in the United States of America.
 
Sharing your information within our business’ group of companies, including Seed Beauty for internal administrative purposes, including client, customer and employee information.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest: running and managing our business effectively.
AND
Legal basis for processing: necessary to perform a contract [or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract] (Article 6(1)(b) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
Sharing your information with a prospective or actual purchaser or seller in the context of a business or asset sale or acquisition by us, a merger or similar business combination event, whether actual or potential.
Legal basis for processing: legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): sharing your information with a prospective purchaser, seller or similar person in order to allow such a transaction to take place.
 
 
Indicating possible criminal acts or threats to public security to a competent authority
If we suspect that criminal or potential criminal conduct has been occurred, we will in certain circumstances need to contact an appropriate authority, such as the police. This could be the case, for instance, if we suspect that we fraud or a cyber crime has been committed or if we receive threats or malicious communications towards us or third parties.
We will generally only need to process your information for this purpose if you were involved or affected by such an incident in some way.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
In connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement our legal rights
We will use your information in connection with the enforcement or potential enforcement of our legal rights, including, for example, sharing information with debt collection agencies if you do not pay amounts owed to us when you are contractually obliged to do so. Our legal rights may be contractual (where we have entered into a contract with you) or non-contractual (such as legal rights that we have under copyright law or tort law).
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
In connection with a legal or potential legal dispute or proceedings
We may need to use your information if we are involved in a dispute with you or a third party for example, either to resolve the dispute or as part of any mediation, arbitration or court resolution or similar process.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legitimate interest(s): resolving disputes and potential disputes.
 
For ongoing compliance with laws, regulations and other legal requirements
We will use and process your information in order to comply with legal obligations to which we are subject. For example, we may need to disclose your information pursuant to a court order or subpoena if we receive one.
Legal basis for processing: compliance with a legal obligation (Article 6(1)(c) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
Legal obligation(s): legal obligations to disclose information which are part of the laws of the United States of America.
Legal basis for processing: our legitimate interests (Article 6(1)(f) of the General Data Protection Regulation).
 
How long we retain your information
 
Retention periods
 Order information: when you place an order for goods and services, we retain that information indefinitely or until you request that we delete unless this conflicts with our compliance of a legal responsibility.
Correspondence and enquiries: when you make an enquiry or correspond with us for any reason, whether by email or via our contact form ,we will retain your information for as long as it takes to respond to and resolve your enquiry and indefinitely afterward unless it is requested to be deleted AND it does not interfere with our compliance with laws and our legitimate business interest.
 
Criteria for determining retention periods
In any other circumstances, we will retain your information for no longer than necessary, taking into account the following:
the purpose(s) and use of your information both now and in the future (such as whether it is necessary to continue to store that information in order to continue to perform our obligations under a contract with you or to contact you in the future);
whether we have any legal obligation to continue to process your information (such as any record-keeping obligations imposed by relevant law or regulation);
whether we have any legal basis to continue to process your information (such as your consent);
how valuable your information is (both now and in the future);
any relevant agreed industry practices on how long information should be retained;
the levels of risk, cost and liability involved with us continuing to hold the information;
how hard it is to ensure that the information can be kept up to date and accurate; and
 
How we secure your information
We take appropriate technical and organisational measures to secure your information and to protect it against unauthorised or unlawful use and accidental loss or destruction, including:
only sharing and providing access to your information to the minimum extent necessary, subject to confidentiality restrictions where appropriate, and on an anonymised basis wherever possible;
using secure servers to store your information;
verifying the identity of any individual who requests access to information prior to granting them access to information;
using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt any information you submit to us via any forms on our website and any payment transactions you make on or via our website;
 
Transmission of information to us by email
 
 
We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Countries where we and our data processors process data may have laws which are different, and potentially not as protective, as the laws of your own country.
 
Server log information
Information collected when you visit our website is transferred outside of the EEA and stored on the servers of our third party hosting company , Shopify. You can access their privacy policy here: www.shopify.com/privacy
Country of storage: Canada and the United States
 
Contact form and Email
Information you submit to us via our contact form is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party email and customer service systems. Our email provider is Klaviyo Inc. You can access their privacy policy here: www.klaviyo.com/privacy . Our customer service system provider is Zendesk. You can access their privacy policy here: https://www.zendesk.com/company/customers-partners/eu-data-protection/
Country of storage: United States. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
 
 
E-Newsletter
Information you submit to us when you sign up for our e-newsletter is transferred outside the EEA and stored on our third party mailing list provider’s servers. Our third party mailing list provider is: Klaviyo. You can access their privacy policy here: www.klaviyo.com/privacy
Country of storage: The United States. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
 
Google Analytics
Information collected by Google Analytics (your IP address and actions you take in relation to our website) is transferred outside the EEA and stored on Google’s servers. You can access Google’s privacy policy here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
Country of storage: United States of America. This country is not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
 
Payment Processor
Information you submit to us by our third party payment processor, Shopify Payments, is transferred outside the EEA and stored on their servers. You can access their privacy policy here: https://pay.shopify.com/tos-privacy-policy
Country of storage: The United States and Canada. These countries are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission.
 
Your rights in relation to your information
Subject to certain limitations on certain rights, you have the following rights in relation to your information, which you can exercise by sending an email to privacy@colourpop.com
to request access to your information and information related to our use and processing of your information;
to request the correction or deletion of your information;
to request that we restrict our use of your information;
to receive information which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format (e.g. a CSV file) and the right to have that information transferred to another data controller (including a third party data controller);
to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes (for further information, see the section below entitled Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes); and
to withdraw your consent to our use of your information at any time where we rely on your consent to use or process that information. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use and processing of your information on the basis of your consent before the point in time when you withdraw your consent.
In accordance with Article 77 of the General Data Protection Regulation, EU Residents also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your habitual residence, place of work or of an alleged infringement of the General Data Protection Regulation.
Further information on your rights in relation to your personal data as an individual
The above rights are provided in summary form only and certain limitations apply to many of these rights. For further information about your rights in relation to your information, including any limitations which apply, please visit the following pages on the ICO’s website:
 
Verifying your identity where you request access to your information
Where you request access to your information, we are required by law to use all reasonable measures to verify your identity before doing so.
 
How we verify your identity
Where we possess appropriate information about you on file, we will attempt to verify your identity using that information.
If it is not possible to identity you from such information, or if we have insufficient information about you, we may require original or certified copies of certain documentation in order to be able to verify your identity before we are able to provide you with access to your information.
 
Your right to object to the processing of your information for certain purposes
You have the following rights in relation to your information, which you may exercise in the same way as you may exercise by writing to ColourPop Cosmetics C/O GDPR Handling 1400 Stellar Dr. Oxnard, CA 93033 USA or sending an email to : privacy@colourpop.com
to object to us using or processing your information where we use or process it in order to carry out a task in the public interest or for our legitimate interests, including ‘profiling’ (i.e. analysing or predicting your behaviour based on your information) based on any of these purposes; and
to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes (including any profiling we engage in that is related to such direct marketing).
You may also exercise your right to object to us using or processing your information for direct marketing purposes by:
clicking the unsubscribe link contained at the bottom of any marketing email we send to you and following the instructions which appear in your browser following your clicking on that link;
 
Sensitive Personal Information
‘Sensitive personal information’ is information about an individual that reveals their racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic information, biometric information for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual, information concerning health or information concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation.
We do not knowingly or intentionally collect sensitive personal information from individuals, and you must not submit sensitive personal information to us.
 
Changes to our Privacy Policy
 
Minor changes to our Privacy Policy
 
Major changes to our Privacy Policy or the purposes for which we process your information
Where we make major changes to our Privacy Policy or intend to use your information for a new purpose or a different purpose than the purposes for which we originally collected it, we will notify you by email (where possible) or by posting a notice on our website.
We will provide you with the information about the change in question and the purpose and any other relevant information before we use your information for that new purpose.
 
Children’s Privacy
Because we care about the safety and privacy of children online, we comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA). COPPA and its accompanying regulations protect the privacy of children using the internet. We do not knowingly contact or collect information from persons under the age of 18. The website is not intended to solicit information of any kind from persons under the age of 18.
 
California Do Not Track Disclosures
“Do Not Track” is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on a Do Not Track signal in their browser, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they do not track the user. For information about Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.org
 
Copyright, credit and logo
This Privacy Policy is based on a General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/769) (GDPR) compliant template provided by GDPR Privacy Policy. For further information, please visit https://gdprprivacypolicy.org
The copyright in this Privacy Policy is either owned by, or licensed to, us and is protected by copyright laws around the world and copyright protection software. All intellectual property rights in this document are reserved.
 
More Information
@colourpopco
Neutral
Your skin has a balance of pink and yellow hues
Warm
