Join Now and Start Earning 10% Cash Back every day!
Effective Date: March 13, 2018
Clarus Commerce, d.b.a. ShopSmarter ("ShopSmarter," "we," "us"), is the owner of the site www.ShopSmarter.com (the "Site") and has developed this Privacy Policy, which details important information regarding the use and disclosure of user information collected on the Site. ShopSmarter provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the services found at its Site or through its third-party affiliates ("Services").
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use and Terms of Service . Each time that you access or use the Site or our Services, you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, the Terms of Service, and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Site and accessing the Services available on the Sites.
I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information Provided by You.
Registration and Membership. We will collect personal information from you when you visit our Site, sign up for our Services, interact with our Site, register with us, or use various features of our Site. In order to register on our Site, you must first complete the registration form providing contact information (such as name, email, and address). To become a member, you must also provide billing information (such as credit and/or debit card account information). This information is used for enrollment and billing purposes; to verify customer membership; and to fill customer orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information may be used to contact you. When you provide us with information in connection with a particular activity or otherwise register for our Services or provide your contact information, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product, or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you regarding future information about our Services using the information you provided to us. You also attest that you have the legal authority over any telephone number you provide to us and can provide us with the authorization to contact you. This means we may contact you with information regarding your membership, in person or by recorded message, by email, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving. We may also use any information that you provide to us to inform you of other company products and services, including reaching out to you if you started but did not complete a product registration process.
 
Information Collected About Your Use of the Site and Services.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
IV. CHOICE AND OPT OUT
You may remove your information from our database so as not to receive future promotional communications or to close your account by emailing us at CustomerService@ShopSmarter.com or sending mail to the following address:
ShopSmarter
PO Box 290728
Wethersfield, CT 06129-0728
If you prefer not to receive electronic promotional communications from us, you can also opt out by following the "Unsubscribe" instructions included in each communication.
 
V. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES, AND CONTACT INFORMATION
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of the Site, please visit our "Contact Us " page or write to us at:
ShopSmarter
A Little About ShopSmarter  
ShopSmarter helps you save more money on everyday things with 10% Cash Back at 1,000+ online stores. Instead of overspending or endlessly searching for money-saving coupons online, our members use ShopSmarter to earn 10% Cash Back, browse the latest store-verified deals, get special discounts on lifestyle subscriptions and products, and stack year-round savings on practically anything they buy online.
Join now and start earning 10% cash back every day!
