For more information or questions about our Privacy Policy, you are free to contact us by email at info@topjobapplications.com.
At www.topjobapplications.com, the privacy of our visitors is treasured. This Privacy Policy document outlines the types of personal information received and collected by www.topjobapplications.com and how it is used.
Log Files
Similar to many third party Web sites, www.topjobapplications.com also makes use of log files. The information inside the log files consists of internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), type of browser, date/time stamp, and click numbers to analyze trends, referring/exit pages, site administration, user’s track movement around the site, and collect demographic information. IP addresses and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.topjobapplications.com use cookies to store information on visitor’s preferences, record user-specific information on pages accessed or visited by the user, customize Web page content customization based on visitors browser type or other information the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.topjobapplications.com
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to    www.topjobapplications.com and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.topjobapplications.com to send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.topjobapplications.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
It is advisable that you should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions on opting out of certain practices. www.topjobapplications.com’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If it is your desire to disable cookies, you can do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Search Option
Connect Us
Job Sectors
