What are cookies?
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are sent to your browser and stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device when you visit a website. The cookies send information back to the originating website or another website that recognizes that cookie.Cookies can be permanent (these are known as persistent cookies) where they remain on your computer until you delete them, or temporary (these are known as session cookies) where they last only until you close your browser. Cookies can also be first-party cookies which are those set by the website which is being visited, or third-party cookies which are set by a website other than the one being visited.
How does this site use cookies?
We use cookies for purposes such as improving the functionality of our website, to understand site usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience on our site, save your password in password-protected areas, or save settings you may have made on the site. We also may use cookies to help us offer you products,programs, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising.
Cookies we use & what they are for
The cookies we use on our websites can be categorized as follows:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are essential in order to enable you to fully experience the website and use the features and functionalities available to you. These cookies are firstpartycookies, and can be either permanent or temporary. In short, without these cookies our website won’t work properly or won’t be able to provide certain features and functionalities.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect anonymous information about how visitors use our website,for instance which pages visitors visit most often, in order to provide a better user experience. These cookies do not personally identify individual visitors. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and anonymous. We use these cookies to: provide statistics on how our website is used; measure the delivery and performance of our advertising campaigns. These cookies could be permanent or temporary cookies, first-party or third-party cookies. In short, these cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited and the advertisements viewed.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies can be used to limit the number of times you see an ad as well as hel manage the delivery of advertising campaigns. Advertising cookies are also used to customize the advertising across the website and make it more relevant to you.Advertising cookies may be placed by third parties such as advertisers, ad platforms and their agents, and can be permanent or temporary cookies. In short, they are related to advertising services provided by third parties on our website.For visitors generating from the EU and EEA, advertising cookies are automatically not used for personalization and all advertising on the site will be generic and non targeted.
Other Third-Party Cookies
On some pages of our website we may have content from third-party services suchas YouTube, Facebook, and others. Please note that we do not control any cookies which are used by these services and you should check the relevant third-party website for more information about their cookie and privacy policy.
How to Manage & Remove Cookies
If you would like to remove the cookies used by this site you can do this through your web browser settings. Visit www.aboutcookies.org for more information on how to manage and remove cookies across a number of different browsers. Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from accessing some of our content and enjoying the full features of our website.
Reader Interactions
