For a better experience, click the
icon above to turn off Compatibility Mode, which is only for viewing older websites.
Drexel University Online is committed to protecting your privacy. The following Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you when you visit this site, and how we use this information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that     you understand our privacy practices.
The Information Drexel University Online Collects
Drexel University Online collects two kinds of information on this site: (1) registration information that is voluntarily supplied by visitors to this site who enroll in the online programs offered through Drexel University and (2) tracking information     that is automatically collected as visitors navigate through this site.
By filling out a form on the Drexel University Online website, you authorize Drexel University to contact you by email, telephone, text message, and direct mail regarding Drexel University’s educational programs.
If you choose to register for enrollment in one or more online programs offered through Drexel University, you will be required to provide certain enrollment information that we need to process your application for enrollment. This site automatically     recognizes and records certain non-personal information, including the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com or drexel.edu); the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using; the browser     software you use and the operating system; the date and time you access this site; and the Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to this site. We may also collect tracking information through the use of cookies, which place     certain identifying information on your computer to facilitate your future access.
This site also includes links to other websites hosted by third parties. When you access any such website from this site, use of any information you provide will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting.
How Drexel University Online Uses This Information
We do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We share your registration information with Drexel University, which will use it as a part of your enrollment in online programs. In addition, we may provide aggregated statistical data     to reputable third-party vendors, but this data will include no personally identifying information. We may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or     apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of Drexel University Online, Drexel University, our users, or others.
Your Rights Under the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA)
If you enroll in an online program offered through University, personally identifiable information you provide us, other than basic directory information, or that we or Drexel University create that pertains to you, may be protected from disclosure under     the provisions of the federal Family Education Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA). You may also have specific rights with regard to accessing this information and correcting any errors. For further information respecting the applicability of FERPA and     your rights under it, please contact us at applyDUonline@drexel.edu .
Your Consent
By using this website, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Drexel University Online and by Drexel University for the purpose of your enrollment in online programs offered through Drexel University. If we decide to change our privacy     policy, we will post those changes on this page before the changes take effect. Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later.     If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at applyDUonline@drexel.edu .
Drexel University Online's use of cookies
Drexel University Online regularly uses cookies. A "cookie" is a small file stored by your web browser on your computer. Cookies allow us to recognize who you are, when you arrive at our site, by associating an anonymous identification number in the cookie.     At no time is your personal information stored within one of our cookies.
Cookies allow us to understand how you clicked to our site and what pages you click on during your visit to our site. We do not use the cookie to track your activity on sites other than those operated by Drexel University Online. Accepting cookies through     your web browser is your personal choice. You can set your browser to disable cookies.
Drexel University Online works with a variety of advertising companies to place our advertising at websites across the Internet. These advertising companies collect anonymous information about your visits to our web site. You may choose to opt-out of     this service we have with our third-party advertising partner (for example Google Analytics through Ads Settings or Ad Settings for mobile apps).
Video & Photography at Drexel Events
Please be advised that video and photographs may be taken at a Drexel event for use in the press and on the Drexel University/Drexel University Online website, social media pages, marketing materials and all other university publications. By entering     this event, you consent to the University's video and photography policy and the University using your image and likeness.
NOTICE OF AVAILABILITY OF ANNUAL SECURITY REPORT
Drexel University, in compliance with the Jeanne Clery Disclosure of Campus Security Policy and Campus Crime Statistics Act (Clery Act), publishes an annual report for current and prospective students and employees. This report contains important safety information and crime statistics for the previous     three years. These statistics pertain to reported crimes that have occurred on campus, in certain non-campus buildings or properties that are owned or controlled by Drexel University, and on public property within, or immediately adjacent to and accessible     from the campus. Printed copies of this report are also available by calling the Public Safety Administrative Office at 215-895-1550.
For more information about the services provided by the Drexel University Department of Public Safety, please visit the Department of Public Safety website .
About Drexel
