Our Commitment to Your Privacy
The College Board respects your privacy, and we are committed to protecting it.
Privacy Statement
The information on this site will be updated as necessary. It was most recently updated April 7, 2018
This privacy statement applies to www.collegeboard.org and www.collegeboard.com owned and operated by The College Board (“College Board”, “We”, “Us”). The College Board is a not-for-profit membership association whose mission is to connect students to college success and opportunity. We recognize the importance of protecting the privacy rights of our users and the following policy outlines our collection and use of the information that you provide to us while using our site.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
Within this privacy statement, you will find:
Users do not need to create an online account to view most of our website; however, to register for exams or use certain tools on our site, an account is necessary.
Student account creation: When students create an online account, we collect the following personally identifiable information: first name, middle initial, last name, zip code, gender, date of birth, date of high school graduation, email address, username, and password. In addition, users can supply a parent or guardian's first and last name, and email address to activate the CC a Parent service.
Exam registration : In general, the College Board collects student name (first, middle, last), mailing address or zip code, date of birth, email address, and sex. For certain tests, the College Board may also collect student phone number (ACCUPLACER, AP, SAT), student ID or SSN (ACCUPLACER, AP, PSAT/NMSQT, and SAT), date of high school graduation (CLEP and SAT), and certain demographic information, such as race, ethnicity, religion, and/or parental education (ACCUPLACER, AP, PSAT/MNSQT, and SAT). To process your registration payment, credit card information will also be collected. To read the privacy statements and testing polices associated with a specific exam, please see Program-Specific Privacy Policies .  
Student Search Service: Student Search Service is a free service that provides students with information about college planning, as well as admission and scholarship information, from the more than 1,100 participating colleges, universities, and scholarship programs. If students choose to participate in this service, they agree to share information about themselves to participating colleges, universities, scholarship programs, and educational organizations, to be used only for recruitment, scholarship opportunities, and college planning outreach. These organizations must sign a license agreement which outlines the specific terms for which the student information can be used before it must be destroyed. Under no circumstances are these organizations allowed to give the student information to other organizations. Refer to the Student Search Service if you have questions or want more information about the program, or call 866-825-8051.
Pay for College: In the Pay for College section in BigFuture ™ , we offer a variety of tools and services that provide access to current information about college costs, scholarships, financial aid applications, and college financing. When students complete the CSS/Financial Aid PROFILE application, we collect the following information; first and last name, address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, anticipated graduation date, family financial information (such as income, assets and tax information) and social security number (optional). This information is used for the sole purpose of processing the CSS/Financial Aid PROFILE application, on behalf of the college or institution to which the student is applying.
CC a Parent Service: We encourage parents/guardians to get involved in their child’s educational choices by offering this service, which allows the parent/guardian to receive copies of the important emails that we send to students. We collect the parent/guardian’s first and last name as well as email address. This service generally includes email reminders about upcoming dates and deadlines; SAT registration receipts, notifications, and admission tickets for test day; test center alerts; and score announcements. To protect the security of your College Board website account, we do not send copies of username or password reminders to parents or guardians.
Educator account creation: We collect the following personally identifiable information from users who wish to create an online account: first name, middle initial, and last name, name suffix, gender, job title, school affiliation, username, password, email address, and birth month and day.
Test Coordinator account creation : Establishing yourself as a test coordinator for your designated school allows you the benefit of ordering testing materials online. When creating an online account, we collect first and last name, email address, phone number, and an alternate contact name from the school. We use the alternate contact name in case there are questions regarding an order. In addition, test coordinators may also provide information, such as: name, work phone, fax number, and email address, which can be displayed on the public Web page for the school's testing center.
Online event registration : If you register for a workshop, meeting, or conference through the site, we'll capture credit card information, the type of services or products ordered or purchased, and the date of the order or purchase.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Upon request The College Board will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. To request this information please contact us at inquiry@collegeboard.org.
You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by [logging in to your account, contacting us at inquiry@collegeboard.org. We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
 
We communicate electronically with our users through two types of emails: system-generated emails and optional commercial emails.
 
 
 
 
 
Write to: The College Board, 250 Vesey Street, New York, NY 10281
Attention: User Account Manager.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
We use cookies to remember your settings. This facilitates more efficient browsing on subsequent visits by using your preferences to customize the content and/or layout of our site(s). You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you turn off your cookie settings, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
Cookies and other technologies such as: beacons, tags, and scripts are used by the College Board and our third-party affiliates, or analytics or service providers in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
