Last updated: April 9, 2018
Introduction
This Privacy Policy describes how and when Zoomph collects, uses, and shares information when End-Users, Customers, and Visitors use Zoomph’s Services (“Services”). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you can better understand how your personal data is being used and shared. Please also reference our Terms of Service and our Data Safety and Security Commitment for how we handle and protect consumer data.
Our Customers (“Our Customers”) are businesses or individuals who make use of Zoomph Services as defined in this policy and our Terms of Service
End-Users (“End-Users”) are the users and consumers who interact with various Zoomph services (“Zoomph Services”) as defined in this policy
Visitors (“Visitors”) are users of Zoomph.com (“Our Site”), from whom we may collect data and requests to better serve them on Zoomph.com
Our Services (“Services”) include social media monitoring, campaigns/activations (contests, surveys, microsites, polls, and voting widgets that require login/opt-in), and Audience Analytics
Our Team (“Team Members”) are employees of Zoomph, excluding any contractors or subcontractors.
When saying “You” or “Your,” we imply our Customers, End-Users, or Visitors.
Zoomph receives your information through its Services provided via  https://Zoomph.com and any associated web properties deployed by Zoomph or integrated by our Customers. Customers, End-Users, and Visitors consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure, and other uses of their information as described in this Privacy Policy when using any of Zoomph’s Services.
If you are located in the European Union, or other regions with laws governing data collection and usage that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring information and permitting the transfer of information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of public information about you, including personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy. Zoomph complies with the Principles of the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework (see below).
If you’d like to view, edit, or remove data that Zoomph may store on you, please manage your information .
What is Zoomph and how does it work?
Zoomph, Inc., is a United States of America company headquartered in Reston, Virginia. Zoomph was founded in 2014.
Zoomph Services empower brands to build authentic conversations with their customers. We do this by providing a robust set of tools to design campaigns, securely collect first-party data, classify, and aggregate information instantaneously to amplify digital intelligence and understanding.
Zoomph gives its Customers the ability to analyze insights (such as online consumer behaviors, trends, brand associations, and more) across their respective owned and earned social media accounts. Using our analytics and segmentation tools, Customers can observe publicly available social data and/or open data (that is, strictly public data that may exist outside of social media) for marketing science and data personalization.
The above services are provided in compliance with the Data Protection regulation in the United States (‘Applicable Law‘). Furthermore, Zoomph complies with relevant European Union directives relating to data protection.
Zoomph only collects publicly available social media data that anyone can access
Zoomph does not collect private social media data
Zoomph does not scrape any social media data
Zoomph may collect email address with the explicit consent of an End-User
Only Customers and Zoomph Team Members(s) can access data collected on an End-User’s first-party data collected via Zoomph activations and services (Campaigns, Forms, Surveys, Microsites, etc.)
We provide processes and automation that allow End-Users to opt-in to a 360-view of their campaign analytics
We WILL NEVER sell End-User Data collected via any Zoomph Customer activations or services
Only specific Zoomph Team Members can access the code or data of any Account based on our organization’s Data Policy
Zoomph Services (Forms, Contests, Survey’s, Websites or Microsites) may insert a tracking code onto their respective Services which is transmitted to our servers based in the United States. This tracking code contacts Zoomph’s servers and provides a script to Your Computer or device accessing the Zoomph Services. The script will capture specific data related to the viewer’s interaction with that particular webpage. This information is then sent to Zoomph’s servers for processing. Review Our Data and Security Information  for more details.
Zoomph Services can also collect data only after the Visitor or End-User submits/opts in through a Zoomph Service, or authenticates through his or her respective social media account(s). By doing this, the Visitor of End-User opts to provide “First-Party Data” that may include:
Behavioral data: Actions and interests that End-Users or Visitors demonstrate on social media, websites, or mobile
Subscription data: End-Users or Visitors who subscribe to newsletter, blogs, and magazines and provide Full Name, Email Address, Physical Address, or Phone Number
Social data: Data authenticated and pulled from your public social media account(s)
Cross-platform data: Information gleaned from mobile web browser or mobile apps
Through these Zoomph Services, we assist our Customers in understanding their End-Users as well as depicting and analyzing aggregated trends and insights. Most importantly, through Zoomph’s Services (Monitoring Tools, Analytics, and Activations), the functionality of our Customer’s services (Web/Mobile Experience, Digital Campaigns, Etc.) can be improved, making them more valuable or simpler to use by End-Users. This is what we call “Third-Party Data”—data that is generated from Multiple Platforms and often aggregated from Multiple Sources (People, Cookies, Pixels, Mobile ID, Third-Party Data Aggregators, etc.).
Use of Cookies and Other Technologies
Zoomph may employ cookie technology to store and sometimes track information about Visitors of our public and private website(s). Cookies are features of various web browsers that allow our technologies recognize the computer being used to access our public and private websites. More specifically, cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that website by the same user. They can also be used to streamline a user’s transactions on related web pages. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to prevent the browser from accepting cookies.
Zoomph may use web beacons (small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of websites) and auditing software to track page views, alongside entry and exit points to and from the website(s). In addition, we may use web beacons, cookies, customized links, and/or similar technologies to determine whether electronic newsletters, marketing emails, demo requests, Customer communication, etc. sent by us to those who have requested them have been opened and which links are clicked. Any data collected will only be used in an aggregate form and will not contain any personal pnformation unless you complete forms on Zoomph.com and Zoomph Services as that term is defined below.
Information Collection and Use
How We Secure Visitors Personal Information: Visitors can visit our Website without revealing any personally identifiable information. We do not collect personal information from our Website Visitors without the Visitor providing us with this information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
If Visitors request to receive company or product information, or request an online demonstration of Zoomph, they will be asked to complete the online demo request form on our Website that asks for name, title, email address, company name, state or province, country, and phone number. You can also voluntarily provide comments to Zoomph when submitting the request form. We use the information from the request form to deliver the requested information and/or provide you with the online demonstration of our services.
Information Collected from Customers Upon Registration: When Customers create or edit a Zoomph Account, they provide some personal information, such as name, username, password, email address, and physical mailing address. This information is kept private and is used by Zoomph to identify you with your account for access to Zoomph Services. This information is not provided to the public, nor is provided to any third parties.
Please note that we do not store credit/debit card number nor share customer details with any third parties.
Information Collected upon Connecting Your Social Media Accounts (Our Customers): When you connect your owned social media account, such as Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube, or Instagram to Zoomph, Zoomph uses your authentication to call these social media channels and other services to collect content, metrics, and additional data based on the query terms that you specify to successfully provide Zoomph Services. We do not collect any private data (such as direct messages, private profile attributes, private social media posts, or private friend lists) from your social media account.
Information Collected for Correspondence (Our Customers): We may use your contact information to send you marketing information about Zoomph Services, or to contact you to collect the fees incurred through use of the Zoomph Services. You may use your account settings to unsubscribe from certain email notifications from Zoomph. You may also unsubscribe by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your request.
Information Collected from Zoomph Services (End-Users): When End-Users connect or authenticate their respective social media account(s), such as Twitter, Facebook, Google+, YouTube, Instagram, or other services through Zoomph Services, Zoomph uses your authentication to call these social media channels to verify the integrity of the token and the user. This allows us to collect first and last name, email, location, number of followers, metrics, etc. (Please review your privacy settings and share information you are comfortable to conduct business online.) We do not collect any private data (such as direct messages, private profile attributes, private social media posts or private friend lists) from your social media account.
Zoomph may apply de-identified information you opt into for:
Improving the overall quality of our data-matching process or other data quality improvements
Zoomph Customers may use this data to develop aggregated ad targeting or content personalization applications (please always read what you are opting into and read Terms of Service and policies carefully)
Zoomph inherits the settings of the social media sources from which it collects content. For example, Zoomph does not collect tweets, Instagram’s, and Google + posts from those accounts that are private or protected. Zoomph does not collect Facebook posts and comments from your account.
Zoomph does not collect or disclose geolocation data for tweets, Google+ posts, and Instagram’s for which the author of said items does not already disclose their geolocation.
In the event that Zoomph does collect precise geolocation data, it does provide an option for Zoomph Customers to display geolocation of the tweet or Instagram.
Zoomph associates a specific tweet or Instagram with a specific geo-region, such as a city, state, or country.
Please understand that when you provide social authentication to agencies or Companies for Zoomph to measure your owned content (e.g., for influencer marketing) you will be opting in to provide data from your social accounts.
Information Aggregated and Enriched by Zoomph Services and Ads (End-Users): Through social authentication or providing first-party data to Zoomph, we will automatically collect and analyze information from your social channels. When you use one of Zoomph’s Services, Zoomph may track your usage patterns, site traffic volume, frequency of visits, type and time of transactions, type of browser, browser language, IP address and operating system, and statistical information about types of campaign Services you are interacting with. Zoomph will collect, track, and analyze such information in an aggregate manner that does not personally identify you.
Upon social authentication and opting in, your data may be used by Zoomph to assist its Customers to provide better services and enable them to better understand their respective audiences at an aggregate level while interacting with various analytical tools and capabilities. Zoomph may use your personally identifiable information to verify your authority to enter the Zoomph Services(s), notify you of Services updates, improve the content and general administration of the Site and the Services, provide you with notices regarding the Services and other services that you have entered or may wish to purchase in the future, and to send you targeted advertising. Zoomph may use your de-identified email addresses to third parties for marketing purposes and to evaluate, operate, or improve Services and data quality.
The information that we may collect or receive about you (directly or indirectly) through the Services, such as when you visit a Zoomph contest, form, survey, etc., may include the following:
IP address or disclosed social locations from which we may infer your geographic location
Browser type and operating system
Mobile identifiers to include Apple IDFA and the Android Ad ID
Information about clicks on or responses to advertisements delivered by us, date and time,
referring URLs and other information normally transmitted in HTTP or HTTPs requests, including pages and times visited
Information regarding your visits to or activities on Websites, such as when you express interest in campaign or other content, an event, service or Customer
Email addresses (which, if used for our Services, are generally stored in “hashed” form for security)
Unique identifiers (“UIDs”) that Zoomph, Customer or a data or ad partner may associate with a particular social profile, profile browser or device through technologies such as browser “cookies/pixels” or similar hashed emails for ad retargeting
Zoomph data segmentation may be lined and associated with UIDs, cookies, and/or mobile device advertising IDs. Similarly, we sometimes use or work with data partners that use UIDs or other information derived from information such as email hashes. This information, in turn, may be associated with cookies (including hashed identifiers derived from personal information like email address) and may be used to target ads to you that are based on “offline” interest-based segments (such as your interests, transactions, or demographic information) or used by our Customers that target and analyze such ads.
How We Secure End-Users Personal Information: We take commercially reasonable efforts to maintain a strong security posture in accordance with industry best practices to protect data. Please read more about our Data and Security Commitment here. Furthermore, we leverage Amazon Web Services System and Organization Control (SOC). Please refer to the following FAQ for more details.
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of the personal information we collect, we have implemented physical, electronic, and administrative procedures. We utilize hashing, encryption, and de-identification techniques to help ensure your privacy is safeguarded.
We have policies to help maintain control and physical security of the facilities used to store data, and only allow access to authorized personnel. We restrict data access to employees, contractors, and agents who have a need to know the information in order to provide and support our services. All our employees are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to disciplinary or legal action if they fail to meet these responsibilities.
We process information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it is being collected. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we take reasonable steps to ensure that any information in our care is accurate, complete, current, secure, and reliable for its intended use.
Information Collected Regarding Widget Data: If you are a registered user of Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, and Google+, we provide you with the ability to report on content created, displayed or published by Zoomph that may be of personal information you published and which we have collected on behalf of our Customer. Our Activations (Widgets, Hubs, Microsites, Forms, Survey’s, Analytics, etc.) provide you with tools and links to request modification of personal information you provided and to report inappropriate content.
Information Collected Through Cookies: We use cookies (small data files that are transferred to your computer’s hard disk) to collect website usage data to provide our Services. In order to log into Zoomph with a user ID and password, you are required to use cookies. Zoomph may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to customize and improve our Services for our Customers and Visitors. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. If you prefer to block cookies from your web browsing, you as a Customer will need to define Zoomph.com and admin.zoomph.com as exceptions in your web browser privacy settings. If you disable cookies, you as a Customer will be restricted from logging into Zoomph.
Information Collected Via Log Data: Our servers automatically record information (“Log Data”) created by your use of the Services. We use IIS logs (webserver logs) and error logs to track usage of the Services and errors in the system. We receive Log Data when an action is taken in your account, or when an action taken in your account triggers an error. We do not log PII data.
Information Collected for Third-Party Service Providers: Zoomph uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, such as hosting, web traffic analytics, and chart and graph service-providers. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, e.g., cookies or your IP address.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Law and Harm: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Policy, we may preserve or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or legal request; to protect the safety of any person; to address fraud, security or technical issues; or to protect Zoomph’s rights or property. However, nothing in this privacy policy is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections that you may have to a third party’s, including a government’s, request to disclose your information.
Children: Zoomph recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. Zoomph services are not intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. Furthermore, for customer campaigns, we provide services that our customers may use to provide additional parental consent process.
Business Transfers: In the event that Zoomph is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The promises in this privacy policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity.
Non-Private or Non-Personal Information: We may share or disclose non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, public tweets and Twitter likes/retweets/replies, Facebook posts and comments on public Facebook pages, Instagram posts and comments, and Google + posts and pictures, the people you publicly follow or that publicly follow you, or the number of users who clicked on a particular link and report to our customers on the raw analytics related to the interactions.
Disclosure of Your Personal Information: If you have used Zoomph Services, we will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy.
California Residents: If you are a California resident, you can ask us not to share personal information with non-affiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by emailing us at privacy@zoomph.com .
Modifying Your Personal Information: We practice privacy by design and provide users access to data that has been publicly gathered and collated by our services. Please visit https://zoomph.com/twitter-followers-profile/ and search verified accounts (all non-verified account will require social authentication to verify the requestor). To modify your information or to remove your data from our public profile, you can manage your information .
Access to Information We Store About You: Zoomph’s privacy and security policy enables you to request that all the information we hold about you (subject to certain legal limitations) be sent to you. To do this, please manage your information and follow the steps to verify your identity and to locate information we store about you.
Modifying Your Account
If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools and account settings to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and is associated with your Account. You can permanently delete your Zoomph Account, logins associated with your account, and information associated with your account by contacting Zoomph at  support@zoomph.com . To delete your Zoomph Account, you must be listed as the official point of contact for the account.
Changes to this Policy
 
