which challenges the security, sovereignty or
domestic tranquility of our beloved nation,
The United States of America.
www.TEAPARTY.org and all related Websites.
LAST UPDATED: September 11, 2012
This document contains the Web site Privacy Policy, Terms of Use and Terms and Conditions (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Terms and Conditions”) for www.TEAPARTY.ORG and all related websites operated and/or owned and/or leased and controlled by TeaParty.org
BY VISITING THIS WEBSITE AND REQUESTING INFORMATION, PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THEREON, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES, INFORMATION OR PRODUCTS OFFERED OR PROVIDED ON ANY OF THE WEBSITES REFERRED TO IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
PLEASE NOTE: THIS PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES FROM TIME TO TIME AND CHANGES ARE EFFECTIVE UPON POSTING. PLEASE CHECK BACK FREQUENTLY FOR UPDATES AS IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO BE AWARE OF CHANGES. WE DO NOT PROVIDE NOTICES OF CHANGES IN ANY MANNER OTHER THAN BY POSTING THE CHANGES AT THIS WEB SITE.
CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS PRIVACY RIGHTS
(PLEASE NOTE THAT WE DO NOT, AND WILL NOT PROVIDE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES, OTHER THAN AS DESCRIBED HEREIN, BUT SIMPLY INSERT THIS CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS PRIVACY RIGHTS IN ORDER TO ACHIEVE THE MAXIMUM DISCLOSURE OF YOUR RIGHTS POSSIBLE UNDER LAW.)
Companies that collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) from California residents and disclose such information to Third Parties (including affiliated entities) for marketing purposes must, in response to a request by a consumer, either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided, or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with Third Parties. We have elected the second option and you may request that your PII not be shared with Third Parties by sending your request, including your full name, email address and postal address to: [email protected] .. In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to [email protected] This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
THE INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE AND DISSEMINATION PRACTICES OF TEA PARTY, INC. .
1. Collection of Information.
1.1 Survey Information.
TeaParty.org (or “TP”) collects information from individuals by various methods, including, but not limited to, when an individual voluntarily completes a survey, order form, donation form or a registration page either online or offline, or by means of online or offline surveys, order forms, donation or registration pages operated by Third Parties (collectively, a “Survey”). (As used herein, “online” means using the Internet, including the Websites, and related technologies, and “offline” means by methods other than online, including in person, in the postal mail, using telephones and cell phones, and other similar means.) In the Surveys, TP or a Third Party (a “Third Party”) may ask an individual to provide various information to TP, which may include his or her name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers (including cell phone numbers and carriers), birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, social security number, employment information, personal and online interests, and such other information as may be requested from time to time (together, “Survey Information”). TP may also collect information concerning an individual from another source and uses that information in combination with information provided from this web site. Completing the Surveys is completely voluntary, and individuals are under no obligation to provide Survey Information to TP or Third Party, but an individual may receive incentives from TP or a Third Party in exchange for providing Survey Information to TP.
1.2 Site Membership or Registration.
To the extent registration is required to receive email and possibly postal communications from TP, this Privacy Policy also applies to consumers that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from TP, whether at our Website, via email, on Third Party websites or otherwise. We may collect information in certain portions of our Website, where guests provide content submissions and suggestions or participate in interactive online activities (i.e., by way of responding to questions and surveys, community listings, ratings, searches and comparison searches, bidding, purchasing, chat, games, or bulletin boards, social networks, groups, event pages, etc.). The personal profile information you submit to TP remains your property, but by submitting that information to TP, you grant TP, the right to use that information for TP’s internal marketing and solicitation purposes. TP may also use such information for content improvement and feedback purposes. We never share the personal information that you supply to TP, other than to allow Third Party service providers such as TP’s contracted merchandise vendors, donation management vendors, email vendors, etc. to provide contracted services on behalf of TP. TP reserves the right to release current or past member information in the event TP believes that the membership is being or has been used in violation of our rules or to commit unlawful acts, or if the information is subpoenaed. By agreeing to these terms, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any Third Party when TP, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate in accordance with this provision.
“Subscription” occurs when an end-user registers for TP’s information, services, or offers either via registration at our website, via co-registration at a marketing partner’s website, or via permission pass / opt-in mailing. TP collects personally identifiable information about our subscribers, based on: information gathered at the time of registration, subscriber interaction and response to subsequent electronic mailings and website use. This information enables us to better tailor our content to subscribers’ needs.
1.3 Other Information.
Other occasions when TP obtains information from individuals include (1) when an individual is making a claim for a prize or seeking to redeem an incentive offered by TP or by a Third Party, (2) when an individual requests assistance through TP’s customer service department, and (3) when an individual voluntarily subscribes to a TP service or newsletter (together, “Other Information”).
1.4 Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Info Collected Using Technology.
TP may use cookie and web beacon technology to associate certain Internet-related information about an individual with information about the individual in our database. Additionally, TP may use other new and evolving sources of information in the future (together, “Technology Information”).
(a) Cookies.
A cookie is a small amount of data stored on the hard drive of the individual’s computer that allows TP to identify the individual with his or her corresponding data that resides in TP’s database. You may read more about cookies at http://cookiecentral.com. Individuals who use the Websites need to accept cookies in order to use all of the features and functionality of the Websites.
(b) New Technology.
The use of technology on the Internet, including cookies, is rapidly evolving, as is TP’s use of new and evolving technology. As a result, TP strongly encourages individuals to revisit this policy for any updates regarding its use of technology.
(c) Usage Tracking.
TP tracks information related to the electronic mailings and web pages viewed by users and subscribers, as well as the hyperlinks clicked by subscribers, while viewing our emails or visiting our websites.
(d) Log Files.
Log files are used to track and monitor subscriber usage.
(e) Optional Registration.
TP may offer free voluntary registration to potential subscribers. During such registration, the subscriber is required to supply an email address and other personal information. This information is required if the subscriber wants to participate in TP services or receive TP information.
(f) Feedback and Inquiries.
You have the ability to contact TP to provide us with feedback. TP uses this information to respond to you and analyze customer service issues.
1.5 Outside Information.
TP may receive information about individuals from Third Parties or from other sources of information outside of TP including information located in public databases (“Outside Information”).
1.6 Individual Information.
1.7 No Information Collected from Children.
TP will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. If TP obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database. Because it does not collect such information, TP has no such information to use or to disclose to Third Parties. TP has designed this policy in order to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”).
1.8 Credit Card Information.
TP may in certain cases collect credit card numbers and related information, such as the expiration date of the card (“Credit Card Information”) when an individual places an order from, or makes a donation to TP. When the Credit Card Information is submitted to TP, such information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. TP will use the Credit Card Information for purposes of processing and completing the purchase transaction, and the Credit Card Information will be disclosed to Third Parties only as necessary to complete the purchase transaction.
2. Use of Individual Information.
2.1 Discretion to Use Information.
TPI WILL NEVER TRANSFER OR SHARE INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN CONTAINED HEREIN.
The following paragraphs in Section 2 describe how TP uses Individual Information. TP may use Individual Information to provide offers we believe may be of interest to our members by means of email advertising, telephone marketing, direct mail marketing, online banner advertising, and package stuffers, among other possible uses. TP may also use such information for content improvement and feedback purposes. However, will not share the personally identifiable information that you supply to TP, other than to allow Third Party service providers such as TP’s contracted merchandise vendors, donation management vendors, email vendors, etc. to provide contracted services on behalf of TP. TP reserves the right to release current or past member information in the event TP believes that the membership is being or has been used in violation of our rules or to commit unlawful acts, or if the information is subpoenaed.
2.2 Email and Unsubscribe Policy.
TP uses Individual Information to provide promotional offers by email to individuals. TP may maintain separate email lists for different purposes. If email recipients wish to end their email subscription from a particular list, they need to follow the instructions at the end of each email message to unsubscribe from the particular list. To unsubscribe from all TP’s email lists, a person must send an email to [email protected]
TP’s unsubscribe process impacts the future delivery of electronic mailings disseminated by TP.
2.3 Solicited Email.
TP only sends email to individuals who have agreed on the Websites to receive email from TP or to individuals who have agreed on Third Party websites to receive email from Third Parties such as TP. TP does not send unsolicited email messages. As a result, statutes requiring certain formatting for unsolicited email are not applicable to TP’s email messages.
2.4 Targeted Advertising.
TP may use Individual Information to target advertising to an individual. When an individual is using the Internet, TP may use Technology Information (see also Section 2.6 below) to associate an individual with that person’s Individual Information, and TP may attempt to show advertising for products, services and information in which the person has expressed an interest in the Surveys, indicated an interest by means of Technology Information, and otherwise. TP may, at its discretion, target advertising by using email, direct mail, telephones, cell phones, and other means of communication to provide promotional offers.
2.5 Direct Mail and Telemarketing.
TP may use Individual Information to advertise, directly or indirectly, to individuals using direct mail marketing or telemarketing using telephones and cell phones and such contact shall be deemed to be with the permission of individuals covered by this Privacy Policy.
2.6 Use of Technology Information.
TPmay use Technology Information (1) to track a person’s online browsing habits on TP’s sites, (3) to determine which areas of TP’s websites are most frequently visited. This information helps TP to better understand the online habits of individuals so that TP can target information, advertising and promotions to them.
2.7 Storage of Individual Information.
TP stores the Individual Information in a database on its own computers, or licensed third party computers. Our computers have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under TP’s control. Notwithstanding such measures, TP cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent its computers from being illegally accessed, and the Individual Information on them stolen or altered.
3. Dissemination of Individual Information.
3.1 Order Fulfillment.
TP will transfer Individual Information to Third Parties when necessary to provide a product or service that a person orders from such Third Party while using TP’s websites or when responding to offers provided by TP.
3.3 Legal Process.
TP may disclose Individual Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal processes.
3.4 Summary Data.
TP may transfer non-individualized information, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all persons or sub-groups of persons.
3.5 Access.
Individuals have access to their Individual Information collected to provide an opportunity for an individual to correct, amend, or delete such information. Access can be obtained by contacting [email protected] This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it
3.6 Do Not Call Registry Waiver. Even though you may be on a National or State DO NOT CALL list, by submitting your contact information which may include your telephone number, you are expressly authorizing us and our advertising businesses and affiliates to contact you by telephone at the number you have used regarding the information you have expressed.
4. Privacy Practices of Third Parties.
4.1 Advertiser cookies and web beacons.
Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies (together, “Advertisers”) who place advertisements on the Websites and on the Internet generally may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information about individuals. TP does not control Advertisers’ use of such technology and TP has no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about individuals.
4.2 Links.
The Websites and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the websites of Third Parties. TP is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. Linked websites may contain links to websites maintained by Third Parties. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only. TP does not operate or control in any respect any information, software, products or services available on such Third Party websites. The inclusion of a link to a web site does not imply any endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring organization.
5. Unsubscribe Procedures.
If you wish to discontinue receiving email messages from TP, you have several options:
(a) Unsubscribe from one email list.
To unsubscribe from a particular list, follow the instructions in each promotional email message sent by TP.
(b) Unsubscribe from all of TPI’S email lists.
We reserve the right to add Individual Information to multiple lists maintained by TP. To globally unsubscribe from all of TP’s lists, send an email to [email protected] This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it . For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit: www.ftc.gov.
6. Copyrights and Use of Website Content
The copyright in all materials provided on this web site is held by TP or by the original creator of the material. Except as stated herein, none of the materials may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise, without the prior written permission of TP or the copyright owner. Permission is granted to download one copy of the materials on this web site on a single computer for your personal or internal business use only provided that you do not modify the materials and that you retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the materials. This permission terminates immediately if you breach this Agreement. You may not “mirror” any material contained on this web site without TP’s express written permission. Any unauthorized use of the materials contained on this web site may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity and/or communications regulations and statutes. All content and functionality on this web site, including text, graphics, logos, icons, and images and the selection and arrangement thereof, are the exclusive property of TP or its licensors and is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All rights not expressly granted are reserved. © 2005 – 2012 – TeaParty.org – All rights reserved.
7. Trademarks
The trademarks, service marks and logos (the “Trademarks”) used and displayed on this web site are registered and unregistered Trademarks of TP. Other trademarks, service marks and trade names may be owned by others. Nothing on this web site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use any Trademark or any other TP intellectual property displayed on this Site. TP aggressively enforces its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law. The name TeaParty.org or any other Trademarks may not be used in any way, including in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of materials on this Site, without prior written permission from TP. TP also prohibits use of TeaParty.org or any other Trademark as part of a link to or from any web site unless establishment of such a link is approved in advance by TP in writing.
8. User Postings
You acknowledge and agree that TP shall jointly own, with you, and have the unrestricted right to use, publish, in electronic form and otherwise, distribute and exploit any and all information that you post or otherwise publish on this web site (“Submissions”). You hereby waive any and all claims against TP for any alleged or actual infringements of any rights of privacy or publicity, moral rights, rights of attribution or any other intellectual property rights in connection with TP’s use and publication of such Submissions. This means that you automatically grant TP a perpetual, royalty-free, non-exclusive, unrestricted, worldwide and irrevocable right and license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, translate, prepare derivative works based upon, distribute, perform or display such Submissions, in whole or in part, in any form, media or technology known or hereafter developed for any purpose, including, but not limited to, advertising and promotional purposes. TP does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any Submissions displayed, uploaded, posted on any message board, or otherwise distributed through this web site by any user of this Site, information provider or any other third party. TP expressly disclaims any and all liability related to Submissions, and you acknowledge that any reliance upon such Submissions shall be at your sole risk. You covenant that you shall not post or otherwise publish on the web site any materials that: (i) are threatening, libelous, defamatory, or obscene; (ii) would constitute, or that encourage conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate law; (iii) infringe the intellectual property, privacy, or other rights of any third parties; (iv) contain a computer virus or other destructive element; (v) contain advertising; or (vi) constitute or contain false or misleading statements. TP in its sole discretion reserves the right to refuse to post and the right to remove any information or Submission from this Site, in whole or in part, for any reason.
9. No Services, Endorsement or Professional Consultation
There may be delays, omissions or inaccuracies in information obtained through your use of this Site. This information is provided to you with the understanding that TP’s provision of this information to you does not constitute the rendering of investment, consulting, legal, accounting, tax, career or other advice or services. Information on this web site should not be relied upon for making business, investment, legal or other decisions or used as a substitute for consultation with professional advisors. Moreover, TP does not represent or endorse the accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, or other information displayed, uploaded, downloaded or distributed through this web site by TP, any user, information provider or any other person or entity. You acknowledge that any reliance upon such opinion, advice, statement, memorandum, or information shall be at your sole option and risk. Moreover, TP does not grant any license or other authorization to you to use this web site in any manner if such use in whole or in part suggests that TP promotes or endorses any third party’s causes, ideas, political campaigns, political views, web sites, products or services.
10. Access to this Site
TP may alter, suspend or discontinue this web site or your access to use this web site at any time for any reason without notice or liability to you or any third party. This web site may become unavailable due to maintenance or malfunction of computer equipment or for other reasons and may result in damages to the user’s systems or operations. The user shall be solely responsible for ensuring that any information or content obtained from this web site does not contain any virus or other computer software code or subroutine designed to disable, erase, impair or otherwise damage the user’s systems, software or data.
11. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES
THE WEB SITE AND ALL MATERIALS THEREON ARE DISTRIBUTED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, TP DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. SPECIFICALLY, BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION, TP DOES NOT WARRANT THAT: (1) THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEB SITE IS CORRECT, ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (2) THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON THIS WEB SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE; OR (3) DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THIS WEB SITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT USE OF THE WEB SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 WHICH PROVIDES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL TP OR ANY OF ITS PREDECESSORS, SUCCESSORS, PARENTS, SUBSIDIARIES, AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, HAREHOLDERS, INVESTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, REPRESENTATIVES, ATTORNEYS AND THEIR RESPECTIVE HEIRS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES THAT DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY RESULT FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THIS WEB SITE OR THE INFORMATION CONTAINED ON THIS WEB SITE OR OBTAINED FROM YOUR USE OF THIS SITE, INCLUDING FOR VIRUSES ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN OBTAINED FROM THE SITE, EVEN IF TP HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL TP’ OR ANY OF ITS PREDECESSORS’, SUCCESSORS’, PARENTS’, SUBSIDIARIES’, AFFILIATES’, OFFICERS’, DIRECTORS’, SHAREHOLDERS’, INVESTORS’, EMPLOYEES’, AGENTS’, REPRESENTATIVES’ AND ATTORNEYS’ AND THEIR RESPECTIVE HEIRS’, SUCCESSORS’ AND ASSIGNS’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES, AND CAUSES OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE EXCEED $1. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES IN WHICH CASE SOME OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO ALL USERS.
12. Indemnification
You hereby indemnify, defend, and hold harmless TP and all of its predecessors, successors, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, directors, shareholders, investors, employees, agents, representatives and attorneys and their respective heirs, successors and assigns (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all liability and costs, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees, incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of or relating to any breach by you of this Agreement or the representations, warranties, and covenants you have made by agreeing to the terms of this Agreement. You shall cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any such claim. TP reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by you.
13. Enforcement of Terms and Conditions
This Agreement is governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of California, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. You expressly agree that exclusive jurisdiction resides in the courts of the State of California. You further agree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdiction in the State of California in connection with any dispute or claim involving TP. If any part of these terms is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions.
14. Infringement Notices and Takedown
TP prohibits the posting of any information that infringes or violates the copyright rights and/or other intellectual property rights (including rights of privacy and publicity) of any person or entity. If you believe that any material contained on this web site infringes your copyright, you should notify TP of your copyright infringement claim in accordance with the following procedure. TP will process notices of alleged infringement which it receives and will take appropriate action as required by the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA). The DMCA requires that notifications of claimed copyright infringement should be sent to this Site’s Designated Agent who can be contacted via the email link on the contact page.
To be effective, the notification must be in writing and contain the following information (DMCA, 17 U.S.C. §512(c)(3)):
Physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed;
Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online web site are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works at that site;
Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to locate the material;
Information reasonably sufficient to permit the service provider to contact the complaining party, such as an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at which the complaining party may be contacted;
A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
15. Email Traffic
The information contained in any email traffic from this site may be confidential and/or legally privileged. It has been sent for the sole use of the intended recipient(s). If the reader of any message or attachment is not an intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any unauthorized review, use, disclosure, dissemination, distribution, or copying of this communication, or any of its contents, is strictly prohibited. If you have received any communication in error, please contact the sender by reply email and destroy all copies of the original message and attachment(s).
16. Fees and Costs
In the event that either of the parties hereto institutes any action, suit or proceeding to enforce the provisions of this agreement, or for breach thereof, or to declare the rights of the parties with respect thereto, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover, in addition to damages, injunctive or other relief, reasonable costs and expenses including, without limitation, costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred in the furtherance of such action, suit or proceeding.
17. Entire Agreement
This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and TP with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes and replaces all prior or contemporaneous understandings or agreements, written or oral, regarding that subject matter. Any waiver of any provision of this Agreement will be effective only if in writing and signed by TP.
3rd Party Advertising Cookies Opt-Out
TeaParty.org  is dedicated to providing privacy on the Internet. In addition to developing our privacy policy, we have provided you the opportunity to opt out of future 3rd party advertising cookies.
TeaParty.org allows third parties to place cookies on our site for advertising purposes. This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these vendors. These vendors have their own privacy policies and may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the NAI Opt-Out Page and follow the relevant instructions. Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.
If you have questions about this policy, please contact us at [email protected] This e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Get FREE Tea Party Breaking News Alerts
