9 Can we help?
You can find all the information and assistance you need in our Help Center .
I Most recent searches
Severe weather alert
Due to hurricanes, tropical storms and typhoon season, passengers may be affected by flight delays or cancellations. Please check the status of your flight or contact the airline you’re traveling with for further information.
No new messages
Add bags and seats to your booking
Save money and ensure you have all you need for an enjoyable trip. Add bags and book the seats you want!
Add now
ó
Book easier and faster!
Sign up for free and get a lifetime of travel benefits.
Create your account
or
8 All your booking details will be sent to this email address.
Forgot your password?
No account yet? Sign up for free
Reset your password
r
Enter your email and we'll send you the instructions to recover your password:
Send me the instructions
The email has been sent to
\
Booking steps:
Purchase
Summary
We use cookies and share your info with third parties to customise advertising, analyse traffic and provide social media related services. By using our website you accept our Cookies Policy. Click here to know more.
Why do we collect your personal data?
How long do we keep your data?
What are the legal grounds for processing your personal data?
Who are going to be the recipients of your personal data?
What are your Data Rights?
Who is the Data Controller for your personal data?
Vacaciones eDreams, SL (sole shareholding company), with VAT number ESB61965778 and registered address at c/ Conde de Peñalver, 5, 1º Ext. Izq., 28006 Madrid, Spain. You can contact the Data Protection Officer (DPO) at dpo@edreamsodigeo.com .
Why do we collect your personal data?
During the purchase process, we ask you only for the personal data that we need to provide you with our mediation services to contract travel products, as well as to attend you and solve any post-contractual query, claim or request.
When you book a trip with us, we subscribe you to our newsletters, unless you say otherwise before confirming your booking. Anyway, you will be able to unsubscribe at any moment, using the link that you will find in every newsletter for this purpose.
If you provide us with your contact email address, but then you are unable to finish your booking, we use it to contact you in a personalized manner and help you to book your trip, if you are still interested. We also keep it to recognize you when you visit our website again, in order to improve your user experience.
The main purpose of processing is not subordinated to the consent given by using our Website to collect cookies and share your anonymous information with third parties to customize advertising, analyse traffic and provide you with social media related services. For more information, please check our Cookies Policy .
We do not make automated decisions based on profiles, beyond the customization of advertising and the legitimate prevention of fraud on the Internet.
How long do we keep your data?
We will keep your personal data while we have legal liabilities in relation to the services we have provided you with.
In addition to the above, if you are subscribed to our newsletters, we will keep your email address for this purpose until you ask to be unsubscribed. Moreover, if you provide us with your contact email address, but then you are unable to finish your booking, we will keep your email address only temporarily and, in any case, for a maximum period of 15 months.
The information collected by our cookies is also kept for a maximum period of 15 months.
What are the legal grounds for processing your personal data?
The collection and processing of your personal data is mainly based on the contractual relationship you have with us.
When we send our newsletters to you or we use your email address to contact you in a personalized manner or to recognize you when you visit our website again, this is based on our legitimate interest in providing you with our services.
The processing of the information collected by our cookies is based on the consent provided under the applicable laws.
Who are going to be the recipients of your personal data?
In order to provide you with our services, we need to communicate your personal data to the Travel Providers involved, in order that they can provide you with the products or services you have requested, i.e. the airline which has to issue your ticket and/or operate your flight, the hotel you have booked, the car rental company you have contracted through our Website, etc.
We will also share your personal data with other companies within the eDreams ODIGEO Group for internal purposes relating to management centralization. In particular, the eDreams ODIGEO Group centralizes the processing of personal data through the Spanish subsidiary eDreams International Network, SL and has adequate internal policies to ensure that any data processing carried out by third parties is made under the strictest security requirements and according to the applicable laws.
What are your Data Rights?
Under the General Regulation (EU) 2016/679, of 27 April 2016, on Data Protection (GDPR), the following rights are recognised in relation to the processing of your personal data:
Right of access. You have the right to confirm that your personal data is being processed and, if the case, to get a copy of such data and complete information about the processing.
Right to rectification. You have the right to amend errors, modify data that may be inaccurate or incomplete and ensure the information which is being processed is right.
Right to erasure. You have the right to suppress your data without undue delay in the case that the processing is illegal or that the purpose for processing or collecting it has disappeared.
Right to restriction. You have the right to ask for the suspension of the processing in the case that such processing is illegal or inadequate.
Right to object. You have the right to object to the processing of your data in the case that the purpose of the processing is direct marketing or that the processing should be stopped for reasons relating to your personal situation, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing them or that the processing is necessary to exercise or defense legal claims.
Right not to be subject to automated individual decisions. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly affects you, unless that is necessary for the execution of a contract, is permitted by the Law or it is based on your explicit consent.
Based on the nature of our services and the purpose of the collection and the processing of your personal data, the Right to portability is not applicable.
In order to exercise your rights, please, send an email to dpo@edreamsodigeo.com or send your request by post courier to the following address: Data Protection – Paseo Zona Franca, 195-205, 08038 Barcelona, Spain. In your request, you have to clearly state (i) your personal identity, by indicating your complete name and the email address you used to purchase or create an account, and (ii) the right or rights you are exercising.
You can also ask the Spanish Authority on Data Protection ( www.agpd.es ) for protection to ensure that your rights are respected, if you wish.
The exercise of these rights is free of charge, unless you make unjustified or excessive requests. In this case, we will be entitled to charge you with a reasonable fee based on administrative costs.
Discover amazing destinations
ªCompass by eDreams
With Compass by eDreams, we show you inspiring destinations you can reach from
to
S
Search:
Yes, we are all residents from...
If some passengers are residents and others are not, you must reserve separately.
F
eDreams will automatically apply the prices with the corresponding discount for residents. You will have to provide the necessary information to prove your residence.
F
If one of the passengers cannot prove that they are residents, their tickets will not be valid!
s
S
Return
fClosef
Add another flight (tailor your trip with up to 3 flights)
Search
Change search
Only direct
Payment method
The prices may change depending on the selected payment method. Please click on “Update prices” to get the prices for your selected payment method.
I will pay with:
Clear filters
Try removing the last filter you applied.
We are sorry.
Remove filters
Applying filters
XXX flights found for your search
Previous
Next
0
Up to 40% off your hotel when you book now!
Looking for different dates or destinations?
Customise your search
Clear filters to see other hotels from
View all hotels
There are no hotels available that match the selected filters.
View all hotels
s
Are you sure? your hotel destination is a long way away from your chosen airport.
Something went wrong. There seems to be a problem with the search. Please try again.
No results for this search!
.
Previous
Next
0
Sorry, we were not able to access the requested page.
- If you have typed in the address manually, please make sure it is correct. - If you have clicked on a link to get here, there is probably an error in the link - If you have reached this site by clicking on another link, it is possible that the session expired
Download the app for free!
Access all the info for your trips and get a free travel guide!
eDreams
Travel links
Travel industry awards
7
7
Finding the best fares...
Did you know, that you can save up to 40% when you book your hotel along with your flights?
We instantly compare...
Connecting to
Aegean Airlines|Aer Lingus|Aigle Azur|Air Arabia Maroc|Air Corsica|Air Europa|Air Italy|Air One|American Airlines|Blue Air|Blue Panorama|Brussels Airlines|Easyjet|Emirates|Germanwings|Jetairfly|Jetstar|Lan|Lot|Lufthansa|Meridiana|Norwegian Air|Pegasus Airlines|Qatar|Renfe|Royal Air Maroc|Ryanair|SAS|Swiss Airlines|TAP|Transavia|Tunis Air|Turkish Airlines|United Airlines|US Airways|Volotea|Vueling|Wizz Air|Vietnam Airlines|Tarom|Finnair|TAM|Etihad|Virgin Atlantic
Combining flights
Check out our additional services!
Please don't close or refresh this page.
In some cases this can take a few minutes.
Check your booking details anytime, anywhere, in the "My Trips" section of your account.
Do you need help?
Oops. The payment has not been charged
Please check that the information you've entered is correct or use another payment method.
Try again
Let's chat! One of our agents will help you to complete your booking.
Chat now
