Username
Last Updated: Friday, May 22, 2009
PREAMBLE
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION AND CHOICE
 
WEB LOGS
 
CORRESPONDENCE
 
COOKIES
A "cookie" is a small file containing information that is placed on a user's computer by a Web server. Typically, these files are used to enhance the user's experience of the site, to help users move between pages in a database, or to customize information for a user. Several Illinois Tollway Web pages are set up to use "cookies" to enhance a user's experience with the agency's site. Cookies are text files placed on a user's computer to store preferences and session information only. A cookie can't read data off of your computer hard disk or read cookie files created by other Web sites. Cookies do not damage your system.
You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at our Site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended.
 
DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
 
DISCLAIMER OF ENDORSEMENT
 
DISCLAIMER OF DUTY TO CONTINUE PROVISION OF DATA
Due to the dynamic nature of the Internet, resources that are free and publicly available one day may require a fee or restricted access the next, and the location of items may change as menus, home pages, and files are reorganized. The user expressly agrees that use of the Authority's website is at the user's sole risk. The Authority does not warrant that the service will be uninterrupted or error free. The documents and related graphics published on this server could contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Changes are periodically added to the information herein. The State and/or its respective agencies and programs may make improvements and/or changes in the information and/or programs described herein at any time.
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Information collected and received through the Illinois Tollway Web site may become public record and therefore subject to disclosure under the Illinois Freedom of Information Act. It is therefore the policy of the Illinois Tollway that no personal information you provide to us, including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number, drivers license number, Social Security Number and email address will be sold or rented to any entity or individual or disclose to any unauthorized entity or individual.
 
POLICIES FOR INDIVIDUALS UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE
 
INFORMATION RETAINED AND HOW IT IS USED
During your visit to the Illinois State Tollway's website, we will gather and store certain information about your visit automatically. This information does not identify you personally. We automatically collect and store only the following information about your visit:
The Internet domain (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain) and IP address (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web) from which you access our website.
The type of browser and operating system used to access our site.
The date and time you access our site.
The pages you visit.
If you linked to our website from another website, the address of that website.
We use the information we collect to count the number and type of visitors to the different pages on our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors like you.
LINK DISCLAIMER
 
LEGAL NOTICES
 
DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND ACCURACY OF DATA
 
DISCLAIMER OF EXTERNAL LINKS
 
CHOICE OF LAW
Construction of the disclaimers above and resolution of disputes thereof are governed by the laws of the State of Illinois. The laws of the State of Illinois, U.S.A., shall apply to all uses of this data and this system. By use of this system and any data contained therein, the user agrees that use shall conform to all applicable laws and regulations and user shall not violate the rights of any third parties.
