To search for a player use one of two formats:
"last name" or  "last name, first name"
** This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 1, 2007.
Introduction: This web sites which are located at the domain rotoworld.com (the "Site") are operated by Allstar Stats, Inc. ("Allstar Stats" or “we” or “our” or “us”). Your privacy is important to us.  This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you, what we do with it, with whom we share it, and how you can correct or change such information.  It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal data through the Site.  This Site is operated in and controlled from the United States of America. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Site, or if you wish to unsubscribe from Site services for which you have previously registered, please contact us using our contact form .
PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF SERVICE FOR THE SITE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY AND TERMS OF SERVICE.
1. Types of Information Collected:
Personal Data: Personally Identifiable Information (“Personal Data”) is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual, such as your name, email address, home address, phone number and credit card information. This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site for example when you subscribe for newsletters; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards; participate in chat rooms, blogs or other user forums; respond to polls or surveys; purchase merchandise via the Site; register for sweepstakes, contests and other promotional opportunities; or seek help from our customer service departments. We also may collect information when you purchase products or services offline, or register for wireless services via your cellphone or other wireless devices (”Other Services”). Because providing detailed information regarding our privacy policy when you register or provide information in connection with these Other Services often proves impractical, you may instead be provided with a short notice that reminds you to refer to this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us. We may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties, such as credit agencies.
 
2. Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like many sites, we use "cookies" or other similar technologies to collect AA Data. a cookie is a small data file that writes to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit the Site. Cookies allow the Site to measure traffic activity on the Site and to improve your user experience, for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, allowing you to visit “member only” portions of the Site without re-registering, and tracking the progress and number of entries in activities that require registration or entry, such as sweepstakes. Similarly, if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions, using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order (“Clickstream Data”) that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent, but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so.
 
3. Our Use of Your Data
Personal Data: We will use your Personal Data for the purposes for which it was provided. For example, if you provide Personal Data to register for a newsletter or a text messaging service, to enter a contest or a sweepstake, or to purchase goods or services, we will use it to register you for or provide you with those goods or services. We may also use your Personal Data to provide you with information about features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. We also may send information or offers to selected groups of Site users on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give those businesses your name or address. Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) we may post your Personal Data on the Site. We will notify you of this possibility when you provide the Personal Data and, if possible, when the Personal Data is posted.
Cookies and similar tools may be used to relate your use of the Site and AA Data to Personal Data obtained from you. If any AA Data is linked with Personal Data, the linked AA Data will then be treated as Personal Data.
AA Data: We may also use Personal Data in aggregate form for purposes of research or analysis. In order to better understand and serve the users of the Site and Other Services, Allstar Stats often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on Personal Data we gather. Although this aggregated data may be based in part on Personal Data, it does not identify you personally. Allstar Stats may share this type of AA Data with a variety of third parties, including its affiliates, agents, and current and prospective business partners.
 
4. Disclosure of Personal Data
Disclosure to Affiliates: We reserve the right to share Personal Data with our affiliates. If you do not want us to share your Personal Data with our affiliated companies for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out of such sharing by contacting us using our contact form (see “Your Choices” below).
Disclosure to Third Parties: Allstar Stats, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Site, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing wireless services, mailing information and processing payments. When we employ a third party to perform these functions, that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Data it needs to perform its function, and is required to protect the Personal Data. For third-party sponsored sweepstakes, contests or promotions, we may request Personal Data from you that may be shared with the sponsor upon request.
Disclosure to Others: In addition, we may disclose Personal Data without providing you with a choice under the following limited circumstances to: (1) protect the legal rights, privacy or safety of Allstar Stats, or its subsidiaries, affiliates or its or their employees, agents and contractors; (2) protect the safety and security of visitors to our web sites or other properties; (3) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (4) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities; (5) permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; (6) enforce our Terms of Service; or (7) comply with the law or legal process.
 
5. Third-Party Advertising and Links to Other Sites This Site may include third-party advertising. These third parties’ websites and advertisers, or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf, may use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, Javascript, Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements, collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements, and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other Personal Data). For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and how to "opt out" of information collection by these companies, we suggest you visit Doubleclick.net Privacy Policy or Networkadvertising.org Privacy Policy.
 
6. Your Choices
You can use the Site and certain Other Services without providing any Personal Data, but if you decline to provide Personal Data, you may not be able to use certain services or features. If you have previously provided Personal Data to the Site and have subscribed to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from the Site and you do not want to receive such emails, please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any message, visiting the Profile section of the Site or contacting us using our contact form .
 
7. Access and Correction
 
8. Children and Privacy:
 
9. Message Boards, Chat Rooms, Blogs and Other User Forums:
 
10. Data Security Disclaimer:
 
11. Exclusions:
 
12. Other Terms and Conditions:
 
13. Applicable Law:
 
14. Changes to this Privacy Policy:
 
15. Contacting Allstar Stats Regarding Your Privacy:
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, Personal Data gathered by this Site or Other Services, or about the operation of this Site or Other Services, or if you wish to unsubscribe from the Site, please contact us using our contact form , or at the address listed below.
Allstar Stats, Inc
3 Landmark Square
Video Center
 
Sep 13
Evan Silva dissects the matchups for every fantasy-relevant player on the Week 2 slate.
More NFL Columns
All Rights Reserved
