AmericanMuscle.com Return Policy
If you need to return a product, please call us at 1-866-727-1266 or email us at  rma@americanmuscle.com  within 30 days of receiving your order. We will issue a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number which is required to process your return. Products (including packaging) must be returned in new, resalable condition.  Products that can’t be returned >>
If we sent you an incorrect (not the product you ordered) or defective item and you contact the above email address within 30 days of receiving your order, we will replace the product or process your return at no charge. Incomplete orders or damaged orders must be reported to the above email address within 72 hours to avoid return shipping fees. If for any other reason you need to return an item, you are responsible for all return shipping charges. Please check all merchandise for damage or defect when you receive your order, and before the item is used or installed.
In the case a replacement product was sent, we will send you a UPS Return tag to return the incorrect/defective product back to us. Otherwise, when shipping an item back to us, we recommend using a shipping method that offers signature confirmation, tracking, and insurance, as we are not responsible for lost or damaged packages.
Return Merchandise packages should be shipped back to us at the below address:
AmericanMuscle.com
Malvern, PA 19355
If you would like an RMA on an international order placed through Bongo International, you will need to contact them by clicking the link provided in their confirmation email.  Click here  for a sample confirmation email from Bongo. All RMAs for international orders placed through Bongo will be handled and processed by Bongo.
RETURNS POLICY
Returns will only be accepted within 30 days of the customer receiving the product, and ONLY if a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number has been issued. AmericanMuscle.com reserves the right to refuse any package returned to us without authorization. Returns will be processed within ten (10) business days of receipt (not including weekends, holidays, and the day the package is delivered).
Customers are responsible for all return shipping charges unless they receive an incorrect (we shipped the wrong product) or defective item.
When shipping an item back to us, we recommend that you use UPS, FedEx or any other carrier that offers signature confirmation and insurance, as we are not responsible for lost or damaged packages. Only the signature of an AmericanMuscle.com employee will suffice as proof of delivery. The customer agrees to bear all shipping and insurance charges, and all risk of loss during return shipment.
We will not accept a return of an item that is damaged or defective if it has been used/installed please inspect all orders as soon as you receive them and contact  rma@americanmuscle.com  within 72 hours.
If the product is damaged during shipment, AmericanMuscle.com will replace the product at no charge.
In the case a replacement product was sent, we will send you a UPS return tag to return the product back to us. If the original item is not returned within 30 days the customer will be responsible for the cost of the replacement item that was sent.
If any component of the returned product is missing, we reserve the right to reject the entire return or impose additional charges for replacement of the missing component(s). The condition of the product will be determined at our discretion. Products sent back with damaged or missing packaging will be refused or returned to you at your expense.  Products that can’t be returned >>
Installation costs will not be covered by AmericanMuscle.com for any returned product.
AmericanMuscle.com reserves the right to change or amend the return policy and procedures at any time without notification.
All returns on international orders placed through Bongo International will need to be processed by Bongo. You will need to contact them by clicking the link provided in their confirmation email.  Click here  for a sample confirmation email from Bongo.
DEFECTIVE PRODUCTS
If you receive a defective product please contact us within our 30 day return policy period, and we will process your return free of shipping charges. Contact  rma@americanmuscle.com  to process your return.
In the event of a defect that occurs outside our return policy, but within the manufacturer warranty, please contact the manufacturer directly to process your return. The manufacturer will have sole determination of the outcome of the claim. As a courtesy to our customers, AmericanMuscle.com will be happy to try to facilitate a thorough review of the claim, but we have no final say in the decision made by the manufacturer (i.e. approvals, denials, fees, etc.).
AmericanMuscle.com is not responsible for any labor costs which occur as the result of the installation of wrong or defective parts.
Some items may require pictures or a shop report to have an RMA issued.
If you have received a defective product in an international order placed through Bongo International, you will need to contact them by clicking the link provided in their confirmation email.  Click here  for a sample confirmation email from Bongo.
DAMAGED SHIPMENTS
We try our best to prevent damage to all packages during transit by packing each order carefully. From time to time, though, damage will occur despite our precautions.
If you receive an item that has been damaged in shipping, please call us within 72 hours of receipt and we will have a new product sent to you, and initiate a UPS claim for the item.
Please hold on to the original packaging and packing material because UPS, in most cases, will need to inspect the items. A UPS representative will contact you to set up a convenient time to inspect and pick up the package for return. If UPS does not come to inspect the package, or does not take it with them when they do come – please call us, and we will send you a UPS Return tag to send the damaged product back to us.
If you have not received your order even after the tracking shows it was delivered, contact us within 15 business days to start a UPS tracer.
If you have received a damaged product in an international order placed through Bongo International, you will need to contact them by clicking the link provided in their confirmation email.  Click here  for a sample confirmation email from Bongo.
UNAUTHORIZED RETURNS
If you return a product without first contacting our Returns Department at  rma@americanmuscle.com  for a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number, it will take up to 3 weeks to be processed and we may charge you a 10% restocking fee at our discretion.
If your unauthorized return has not been processed within 3 weeks, please send an email to  rma@americanmuscle.com .
UNDELIVERABLE OR REFUSED SHIPMENTS
Packages will be returned back to us by the carrier if they cannot be delivered due to incomplete or incorrect addresses, are not picked up from a UPS facility, or if the recipient refuses delivery. All packages returned to us for the above reasons can take up to 3 weeks to be processed. We may charge you a 10% restocking fee at our discretion.
NON-RETURNABLE PRODUCTS
Returns will not be accepted for any of the following items: Chips and Tuners, DiabloSport and SCT products, Wheel/Tire Packages, Opened Clutches (removed from original packaging), Opened Exhaust products (removed from original packaging), Hoods, Body Kits, Shaker Kits, any custom-order or made-to-order items, non-defective items that have been used, painted or installed on a vehicle. American Muscle gift certificates are non-refundable. These products are only up for exchange in the case of a defect. Issues with these items must be taken up directly with the manufacturer.
Used or mounted wheels (including Wheel/Tire Packages purchased from us), cannot be accepted for return. Any damage done to wheels mounted & balanced outside of our facilities will not be covered by AmericanMuscle.com. Please check your wheels for damage before mounting and/or balancing.
ALL freight shipments are not returnable.
ORDER CHANGES AND CANCELLATIONS
All requests to change or cancel an order should be made over the phone with one of our representatives. Requests sent via email may not be received in time, and your order may ship. Please double check that your order is correct before submitting your order.
An order that has already received tracking cannot be canceled. Please call us to set up a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) once your order has been received.
If you need to change the address on an order in transit with UPS, please call us. There will be a fee of $10 per package. Orders shipped with USPS cannot be changed while in transit.
If you would like to make a change or cancel an international order placed through Bongo International, you will need to contact them by clicking the link provided in their confirmation email.  Click here  for a sample confirmation email from Bongo.
For more information visit  AmericanMuscle.com
Popular
