Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The Career Development Center of California State University, Long Beach is committed to providing privacy of personal information for clients of the Career Development Center.
Personal information collected and maintained by the Career Development Center is used in the provision of services to our clients, as well as inform them of services and programs                 that may be of interest. As such, this collected information is accessible only to Career Development Center staff. The personal information we collect may also be used to construct                 aggregate reports that assist us in program planning and for statistical reports. Any personal information collected from clients in the provision of services is shared with parties                 outside of the Career Development Center only in aggregate form.
The Career Development Center's collection and access to students' personal information is governed by federal policy under the Federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act                 (FERPA), as well as California State University, Long Beach privacy policies.
CareerLINK (BeachLink) job listings, resume services, On-Campus Recruiting, and career fair registration services are provided in partnership with the NACElink Network ®, a national recruiting  network. NACElink is an alliance of the National Association of Colleges and Employers (NACE), a nonprofit professional organization for career centers and employers, the Direct Employers  Association, a nonprofit association of national employers, and Symplicity, a state-of-the-art technology provider of web-based tools and software solutions. Please remember that when  you visit these other websites, even the affiliated and co-branded sites, the sites' own privacy policies apply.
With regard to the use of NACElink, students' profile data and resumes will reside on NACElink Network servers, and policies governing this data are covered in the NACElink Privacy  Policy.
Student and employer information from our website, including CareerLINK  and its affiliates, may be used to construct aggregate reports that assist the Career Development Center in  program planning for statistical reports or to inform clients of services and programs that may be of interest. This information may also be used to troubleshoot technical problems.
Jobs posted on our website, via CareerLINK, as well as the affiliated and co-branded sites, may or may not be reviewed before posting. Clients are urged to validate job postings and  use caution and common sense when applying. The Career Development Center staff strongly advises students to not disclose social security numbers, credit card information or bank account  numbers to unknown employers. The University and the Career Development Center cannot be held responsible and/or liable for any damages, real or imagined, past, present or future,  from the information contained in or requested by the job postings.
Resumes
Because the Career Development Center offers job search assistance, we give you the opportunity to create a resume and store it on our system. When you store your resume on our system,  you can choose one of the following options:
You can store your resume in our database, but not allow it to be searchable by employers or recruiters. If you choose this option, your resume will not be available to employers   unless you ask us to provide it.
You can allow your resume, including your name and contact information, to be searchable and viewable by employers or recruiters.
IF YOU ELECT TO MAKE YOUR RESUME VIEWABLE BY EMPLOYERS (OPTION 2), ALL INFORMATION (INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION) THAT YOU INCLUDE IN YOUR RESUME MAY BE VIEWED BY  RECRUITERS AND EMPLOYERS. YOU SHOULD NOT ENTER ANY INFORMATION IN THE BODY OF YOUR RESUME THAT YOU WISH TO REMAIN CONFIDENTIAL.
Jobs posted on our website, via CareerLINK, as well as the affiliated and co-branded sites, may or may not be reviewed before posting. Once you send your contact and other information  to an employer or recruiter or once your resume is accessed from our searchable database, the Career Development Center is not responsible for the retention, use or privacy practices  of that employer or recruiter.
You may remove your resume from our searchable database at any time. However, third parties who accessed the database or obtained a copy of your resume may have retained a copy of  your resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of resumes in these instances.
Links to Other Web Sites
We make content or services from our other web sites available to you from links located on the Career Development Center’s website and/or via CareerLINK. We also offer a collection  of services, such as career planning tools, networking databases, resume preparation assistance, and other services, that are provided by third parties through links located on our  website. Some of these third-party sites are co-branded and have the Career Development Center logo. Please remember that when you visit these other web sites, even the affiliated  and co-branded sites, the sites' own privacy policies apply. To read the privacy policies for some of the Career Development Center’s other sites, see the links below this policy.
Unless otherwise noted, responsibility for the content, accuracy of information, changes and updates, quality, safety or suitability of any information found at linked sites resides  solely with the sites. The Career Development Center provides these links as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the site, or any association with its operators.
Cookies
We use cookies to allow you to move quickly through our site, to recognize repeat visitors and to allow you to take advantage of some of our site's special features. A cookie is  a string of information that is sent by a Web site and stored on your hard drive or temporarily in your computer's memory. Cookies are small files (just a few hundred bytes) and won't  pose any significant disk-space concerns.
When you use some of the site's features we may pass cookies to your computer. Some of the cookies that we pass to your computer are long term. If they weren't we'd need to ask you  for certain information with each new session, such as your log-in information. Some cookies do expire after a short period of time.
You can turn off the ability to receive any of these cookies by adjusting the browser in your computer. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent  your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. This may materially affect the functionality  of this Web Site and the information you can access through it.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
The Career Development Center may modify this privacy policy from time to time. If we make substantial changes, we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our pages. You should also check this page from time to time to ensure that you are aware of the most recent version of the policy.
Your continued use of the site after our posting of any modifications to the policy will indicate your acceptance of the new or modified terms
Comments and Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us by e-mail at info@careers.csulb.edu or by regular mail at: Career Development Center,  California State University, Long Beach , 1250 Bellflower Blvd. BH 250 , Long Beach, CA 90840
For more information:
Career Development Center - California State University, Long Beach | 1250 Bellflower Boulevard - Brotman Hall, Room 250 | Long Beach, CA 90840 | Phone: (562) 985-4151 | Fax: (562) 985-1641
Office Hours: Mon - Fri  8 AM - 5 PM | Drop-In Advising: Mon -  Fri  11 AM - 4:30 PM | Closed Weekends & University Holidays
SERVICES
