Outsmart life with AAA Membership for just $5 a month.
AAA saves you time and money on travel near and far.
Members save an average of $92 a year by using discounts
Discounts on oil changes, brake service, and more
Worry less. Live more.
 
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information collected on or from  calstate.aaa.com  (the “Site”) and personal information collected from emails sent to AAA Northern California, Nevada & Utah and via other sources, as described below. This Privacy Policy applies only to consumer customers, not to companies.
By visiting and using our Site, or otherwise providing personal information to us, you indicate that you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
Please remember that whenever you leave our Site to visit a linked website, you are subject to the terms and policies of that other website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of the other website. Please review those other terms and policies before proceeding.
We may have collected personal information from you before this Privacy Policy took effect. By using this Site, or otherwise providing personal information to us, you consent to our continued use of previously collected personal information under these terms. If you do not want us to do so, please contact us as provided in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
All Site Visitors
When a visitor accesses our Site, we collect the visitor's zip code, IP address, and browser information. An IP address is a unique locator for a visitor's computer that is used to find the visitor's computer on a network. A website uses the IP address to send information to the visitor's computer. The visitor's computer or Internet service provider may assign a different IP address to the computer for different Internet sessions. Browser information includes the type and version of the Internet browser that is being used, such as Internet Explorer. If one of our online marketing initiatives leads a visitor to our Site, we also identify the website or location from which that visitor came. We also collect information regarding the visitor's traffic patterns and Site usage, such as the time spent on a page, or the links or advertisements on which the visitor has clicked.
AAA Members
AAA members may register with our Site. When you register, we collect your membership number, last name and zip code. Registering with our Site triggers the creation of a cookie on your computer, which allows us to recognize that a visitor is one of our members. If you register with our Site, the information we collect about your traffic patterns or Site usage through our cookies and action tags is linked to you through this cookie.
After you have registered, the information we collect about your traffic patterns or Site usage may be linked to you, and any other information we may have about you in our databases. You can prevent this use of your website session information. See the "Your Choices" section below.
If you attempt to log in on our Site and you have previously deleted our registration cookie, you will have to type in your login ID again, and a new cookie will be created. The information we collect about your traffic patterns or Site usage may be linked to you through that cookie so that we may present products and services that may interest you. You can prevent the use of your website session information for such personalized advertising. See the "Your Choices" section below.
When you post messages on the message boards of our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
AAA members who have registered with our Site may have access to products or services and other benefits that are available only in restricted areas of our Site. On these pages, our members can also perform certain activities, such as making payments or changing passwords or preferences. To access these restricted areas, the registered AAA member must log in with their email address and a password.
For service emails that we exchange with you (e.g., helpdesk or account questions), we collect the personal information needed to handle your request, and retain it for statistical and reporting purposes. For example, we collect the personal information you provide when you contact our Help Desk, or email a question about your account, so that we can follow up and respond. We keep track of the email exchange for reporting purposes, so that we know how many inquiries of a certain type were received and handled.
We track the open and click-through rate of our promotional emails for statistical purposes and to identify those emails that a specific recipient has opened. If you respond to one of our promotional emails, we record the information you provide with other data that we have and that is associated with that same email address.
If you fill out one of the forms or questionnaires posted on our Site or made available in one of our local offices (e.g., to request a quote, request a newsletter, or sign up for a sweepstakes), we collect your email address, as well as the other personal information that you provide in response to the questions. We may combine it with information, if any, that we may have in our database and that may be associated with your name or email address. The questions we ask are necessary for us to understand your needs, so that we can respond accordingly.
When you order services on our site, utilize our services through one of our local offices or over the telephone, or file a complaint with us, we will collect all of the information necessary to complete the transaction, perform the service, or resolve the matter at issue, including your name, membership number, telephone numbers, postal and email addresses, vehicle and mobile phone information and general location, and billing information (such as credit card number, cardholder name, expiration date, security code and bank account information).
We receive and store any information you enter on our Site in connection with your travel plans. This may include your first and last name, membership number, telephone number, postal and email addresses, driver information, billing information (such as credit card number, cardholder name, expiration date and security code), billing address, birthdate and passport information. We also may request information about your traveler preferences, including reservation numbers, special meals, seat location, frequent traveler or affinity numbers, hotel preferences, and ticketing options. You may elect to provide other information, for example, gender, activities, and lifestyle preferences, anniversaries, birthdates or preferred destinations.
You can choose to complete your online profile by providing us with travel preferences, frequent-traveler or affinity numbers, credit-card billing information, paper ticket delivery address, and other personal information. This information is primarily used to assist you in making some of your reservations without having to type in the same information repeatedly. For example, you can store your frequent-traveler or affinity numbers so that when you make a reservation with a particular airline or car rental company, we can automatically pre-fill the frequent-traveler or affinity number input box for you.
Insurance Customers (Prospective and Active)
In order to request an insurance quote from our Site, you must fill out a questionnaire posted on the Site. We collect the personal information that you provide in response to the questions. The questions we ask are necessary for us to understand your insurance needs, so that we can provide the quote. We use the personal information that you provide and information that we might have previously obtained from you through your prior business dealings with us or one of the AAA Companies. The “AAA Companies” are (a) the American Automobile Association, Inc.; (b) any entity with "AAA" or "American Automobile Association" in its name or brand, including each AAA auto club and AAA Northern California, Nevada & Utah Insurance Exchange; or (c) any entity affiliated with any of the foregoing or acting as an insurer or a re-insurer of any of the foregoing, including subsidiaries and holding companies such as AAA Club Partners, Inc.
The types of personal information we collect from you when you become an insurance customer depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include your name, postal and email addresses, Social Security Number, credit score, payment information, and motor vehicle or claims history reports. We collect your personal information from you when you, for example, apply for insurance, create an account or make a payment. We also collect personal information about you from others, such as affiliates, other unaffiliated companies, the DMV and consumer reporting agencies.
Directly from You
Some of the personal information that we collect is provided directly by you, when you send us emails or fill out the forms displayed on our Site or in our local offices.
To make our Site and services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third-party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, IP address, domain name and date/time stamp for your visit.
Cookies
Like most websites, we use cookies. Cookies are small files that a website sends to a visitor's computer when the visitor lands on a particular area of the Site. Cookies serve to identify a specific computer, so that we can recognize a returning visitor. While most browsers (Explorer, Safari, Firefox, etc.) accept cookies automatically, you can choose to reject cookies or to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent. Cookies are browser-specific. If you use different browsers, you will have to define your preferences on each browser. You can delete all or some of these cookies from your computer by activating the “delete cookies” feature in your browser. If you have several browsers, you must reiterate the deletion request for each browser. Since cookies help identify a computer, without a cookie, each time you open a new page, the server for that page cannot recognize you, and treats you as a new visitor. As a result, you may not have access to some of the features offered on our Site if you refuse the use of cookies. For example, if you delete your cookies, you may have to re-enter your personal information or preferences. Cookies are stored on a specific computer. If you use different computers, you will need to configure each computer to suit your cookie preferences.
We use cookies to facilitate navigation of the Site, for example so that any information you have entered on one page is remembered when you move to a different page, and to track the usage of our Site, for example, the time spent on a page. Cookies enable us to know aspects of a visitor's use of our Site, such as whether the user is a new or a returning visitor. We may associate cookies with information about a visitor's use of the Site and use them to combine data about that person with other data about that person. For example, a cookie would allow us to remember the choices you made during a prior visit.
Action Tags
Like many websites, we also use action tags to identify some of the pages that a user visits, and how he or she uses the content on these pages. Action tags are also placed in advertisements that are served on our behalf on our Site and third-party websites. We also use action tags in our emails, to determine whether an email was opened, or whether it was forwarded to someone else. For example, we may configure action tags to collect information about which sections of our Site you visit, when you view or print a page, how long you stay on the Site, or on which links or advertisements you click. Action tags may collect and transmit this information in a manner that identifies you personally, only if you have registered with or are logged in to our Site. You may block the linking of your session information with your personal information for purposes of personalized advertising. See the "Your Choices" section below.
Third-party Cookies and Action Tags
We use service providers to help us with our electronic communications, analyze the use of our Site, and serve advertisements on our behalf on our Site and on other websites across the Internet. These third parties use cookies and action tags to track activities on our Site and other websites in order to produce user profiles and aggregate information about the use of our Site. User profiles may be used to personalize advertising, including emails, based on the user's interests and activities identified in the user's profile. You may block the linking of your session information with your personal information for purposes of personalized advertising. See the "Your Choices" section below.
Third Parties
If you decide to refer a friend to create an account, we will collect your and the third-party’s names and email addresses in order to send an email and follow up with the third-party. You or the third-party may contact us to request the removal of this information from our database. See our How to Contact Us section below.
We may receive personal information and aggregated data about you from companies that provide our services by way of a co-branded or private-labeled website or companies that offer their products and/or services on our Site or directly to or for us. These third-party companies may supply us with personal information. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Site in order to improve the services we provide.
If you request an insurance quote, we may also obtain additional information from third parties. This additional information includes, for example, motor vehicle reports, or claims history reports. It may also include credit scores, if permitted by applicable State law, or if we have obtained your permission to do so. We do not ask for, or recieve a full credit report, but only a credit score (also known as an insurance score).
When you make travel or other arrangements for someone else through our Site, we will request personal information and travel preferences about that individual. You should obtain the consent of other individuals before providing us with their personal information and travel preferences.
When you use our travel services, we also may periodically obtain information about you from our business partners and other independent third-party sources and add it to your account information. Examples of information we may receive include: updated delivery and address information, which we use to correct our records and to facilitate proper delivery of travel information; and demographic information, which we use to better understand your potential purchasing preferences.
If you log on to the Site with your login credentials from a social networking site, we may receive personal and/or anonymous information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of the third-party provider of such social networking site. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via the Site.
We use the personal information that we collect for several purposes:
All Site Visitors
We use personal information that we collect in aggregate form, for statistical purposes, to better understand our visitors, optimize the content that we serve, and improve the ways in which we provide information about our company. For example, aggregate information is used to find out what are the most commonly used browsers; or what the existing and future needs are for our products and services.
We may combine personal information with other information that we have previously collected from you or we have obtained from third parties in order to communicate with our visitors, for direct marketing or email marketing purposes. For example, we may use personal information that we have collected in order to follow up on your questions, requests for information or insurance quotes.
If you provide your email address, we may enroll you in our promotional email programs. You can opt out at any time, as indicated in each of our promotional emails. If you provide your telephone number, we may initiate an automated or live phone call from a third-party or add your telephone number to an event or lead list that our agents may use to contact you. We may also use your personal information to notify you when a branch moves or closes or an agent retires.
We may combine personal information that was collected through action tags and cookies with other information about a user's prior visits in order to evaluate the success rate of our advertising programs (on other websites or in newsletters), such as the open rate or the conversion rate. The information is also used to identify products or services in which a specific user might be interested. For example, we may use personal information about a user's visits to this and other websites to identify products or services in which that user might be interested. We then deliver to that user, directly or through our advertising agencies, advertisements and emails that promote these types of products or services to that user.
AAA Members
We use your personal information to facilitate the creation of and secure your account, identify you as a user in our system, provide improved administration and quality experience of our Site and services, and provide the services you request. We may send you administrative email notifications, such as security or support or maintenance advisories, or contact you to solicit your feedback.
We use your personal information to record your travel preferences, to make reservations or acquire travel insurance on your behalf, or to communicate with you about your travel plans.
We use billing information to issue invoices, administer accounts, collect and process payments, and complete the travel purchases you conduct on our Site. We use other information about you to provide you with travel confirmation and updates; to manage your account, including processing bills and providing travel notifications; and to reward you as part of any reward and recognition program you choose to join.
Insurance Customers (Prospective and Active)
We provide you with a quote that is based on the information identified above that we collect about you. We also send the quote and the information used to complete the quote (for example, credit score) to our local representative of AAA Insurance for follow-up contact. We may contact you about your policy and/or insurance needs. By filling out an insurance quote to our Site, you authorize representatives of the AAA Insurance products and services to contact you via email, phone or fax in order to respond to your request for insurance quotes and your insurance needs.
 
We will not disclose personal information to other companies, affiliated or unaffiliated, outside of the AAA Companies for their marketing purposes without your consent. We will not disclose any personal information about our visitors, customers and former customers except as set forth below or as permitted or required by law.
AAA Members
We may share personal information with AAA Companies and with other affiliated or unaffiliated third-party companies in order to market our products and services to our customers and to provide the products and services available on or through our Site or our local branch offices.
We may provide personal information to our service providers so that they can perform business, professional or insurance functions for us. For example, we use third parties to assist us in hosting and operating our Site, managing our online advertising, administering our emergency roadside assistance service, providing lettershop or printing functions, processing lists or handling our surveys or sweepstakes. Our service providers are contractually bound to protect the personal information of our visitors, members, and customers with measures substantially similar to those outlined in this Privacy Policy, and to use this personal information only for agreed upon purposes. For example, we share some personal information with our advertising agencies that combine it with other information that they have obtained from other sources, in order to manage and personalize advertisements to our visitors, and for market research.
We may share your information with our business partners, including the AAA Companies, with whom we may jointly offer products or services. If you choose to access these optional services, we may share information about you, including your personal information, with those partners. You may also be transported to that third-party's website. Please note that we do not control the terms, conditions, or privacy policies of these third-party business partners and recommend you evaluate their practices before deciding to provide your personal information.
We may share your information with those travel service providers with which you make arrangements through our Site; for example, hotel, airline, cruise, or car rental companies, or activity providers. We cannot limit how these suppliers use or disclose the personal information they may collect from you. Therefore, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of any travel supplier whose products you purchase through our Site. Please note that these suppliers also may contact you as necessary to obtain additional information about you or to facilitate your travel reservation.
In order to protect national security, and to ensure travel security, the United States Government and other governments may request access to passenger name records, which typically includes name, flight origin, flight destination, flight time, duration of flight, seat location, travel agent, form of payment, credit card numbers, travel itinerary, address, telephone number and meal requests. In response to such request, we will give access to all the information you provide at the time of making your reservation to the applicable government agencies of the countries to, through, or from which you are traveling.
Insurance Customers (Prospective and Active)
If you request an insurance quote, we may obtain, where permitted by law, credit information associated with your name from an insurance-support organization, such as a credit reporting agency. To do so, we provide your name and social security number to the credit-reporting agency so that it can adequately identify you and provide us the insurance score we requested. We do not further disclose this personal information to third parties.
If you are an active insurance customer, we may share all of the personal information about you that we collect with affiliated and unaffiliated companies, as permitted by law. For example, (a) we may share your personal information for our everyday business purposes, such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal or regulatory investigations, or report to credit bureaus; (b) we may share your personal information for our marketing purposes (for example, we may share information with our service providers to offer our products and services to you more effectively); (c) we may share your personal information in connection with our non-financial or non-insurance products and services, such as travel services; and (d) unless you are a California resident, we also may share your personal information for joint marketing with other companies. “Joint marketing” refers to a formal agreement between unaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Other Disclosures
We may disclose personal information to a party or a representative of a party to a proposed or consummated sale, acquisition, transfer, merger, or consolidation of all or part of our organization. Before the consummation of any such transaction, we will disclose only such personal information as is reasonably necessary to enable the recipient to make business decisions about the proposed transaction. We will require the recipient to agree not to disclose the information unless the disclosure would otherwise be permitted by this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our organization or our assets (including via merger, acquisition, sale of shares, sale of assets, or bankruptcy), that company will possess the information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy.
We also may disclose personal information:
To a law enforcement or other governmental authority pursuant to law; or in response to a facially valid administrative or judicial order, including a search warrant or subpoena.
To establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as required by law.
To detect or prevent criminal activity, fraud, material misrepresentation, or material nondisclosure; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of our organization or others; or in connection with the enforcement of our Terms & Conditions and other agreements.
 
California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses that share customer personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to such information-sharing. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose a customer’s personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. As described in our Privacy Policy, you can opt out of our sharing of your personal information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes by following the instructions in the "Your Choices" section below. To find out more about your opt-out rights, please review our Privacy Policy or contact us by emailing or writing to us at the address listed below.
Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets your browser tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. At this time, we do not support browser “do not track” requests, but we do provide you the option to opt out of behavioral advertising as noted in the "Your Choices" section below.
Site Visitors
 
AAA Members
Email Preferences: There are many opportunities for you to provide us with your email address. For example, if you contact us via email; if you fill out a form to enter a contest or request a quote; or if you elect to register with our Site. If you wish to unsubscribe from our promotional emails, click the “Unsubscribe” link in the email we sent you. If you wish to limit emails from us, go to the “Edit Preferences” link in our promotional emails, and follow the instructions to opt out of further communications; or go here and follow the instructions to change your email preferences. Your opt-out request will be processed in a timely manner; however, you may continue to receive materials while we are updating our lists. Please note that even if you have elected to unsubscribe from all of our e-newsletters and updates, we may still contact you from time to time about your account, or to provide other important notices.
 
Insurance Customers
Federal law gives our insurance customers the right to limit only (1) affiliated companies from using your personal information to market to you; (2) sharing of your personal information to unaffiliated companies to market to you; and (3) sharing of information about your credit worthiness and insurability among affiliated companies.
If you are an insurance customer and wish to limit these disclosures and uses, please call us at (888) 413-5222. If you do not wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these marketing-related emails by following the opt-out link contained in each such email. If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we posted this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. You may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling (888) 413-5222.
 
To protect personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use reasonable security measures. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We review the data security practices of companies with whom we share data. We authorize only those employees who need Personal Information to perform their duties to access such data.
Email and Telephone Fraud - A warning about "phishing"
Fraudulent emails, also known as "phishing" or "spoofing”, are communications that appear to be from an insurance company, a regulatory agency, a retailer, but are not. These emails attempt to lure you into sending your personal information to a website without questioning or challenging the legitimacy of the request. We do not, and will not, at any time, request your credit information, personal account information, login name or password in an unsecure or unsolicited email or telephone communication.
 
Please remember to protect your email address, login ID, password, and computer against unauthorized access. Remember to sign out of your password-protected account when you are done, and close your browser to prevent your settings from being displayed to the next user. Each member is responsible for keeping his/her login ID and password confidential. Please contact us immediately if you lose or misplace your login ID and/or password, or if you become aware of an unauthorized use of your login ID, password, or account information, so that we can deactivate your login ID. You will be held responsible for all activities and access to our Site - including all purchases made through our Site - that were made through that login ID and password, and that occurred before you notified us of their loss.
 
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Each time changes are made, they will be posted prominently on our Site. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance to these changes. If there is a material change to the terms of this Privacy Policy, AAA will provide notice and choice in accordance with the then-applicable legal requirements.
 
Some surveys may be subject to a different privacy policy. Please review the privacy policy that is linked to a survey form before filling out the form. In addition, some invitations to join our customer research groups or panels may also have a different privacy policy.
 
Several pages of our Site may include links to third parties' websites, such as in the case of credit card or auto loan applications, or portions of our travel site. While these websites may have a similar look and feel as our Site, they are separate websites operated by separate entities. You may also be transported to a third-party's website if you click on an advertisement that is displayed on our Site. When you choose to access these third-party websites, a separate window will launch, and you will leave our Site. Please remember that whenever you leave our Site to visit a linked website, you are subject to the terms, conditions, and policies of that other website. We are not responsible for the terms and conditions or the privacy practices of other websites. Please review these provisions before proceeding.
 
The Site is operated by AAA Northern California, Nevada & Utah. If you have any questions or feedback about this Privacy Policy, our Site, or how our online practices affect you, please do not hesitate to contact us at  AAAmembersupport@norcal.aaa.com . We will get back to you promptly.
AAA Members
If you wish to correct, amend, or delete personal information, you must contact us at  AAAmembersupport@norcal.aaa.com , explaining your requested correction. We will make the requested correction, amendment or deletion, or we may notify you of our refusal, as permitted by law.
Insurance Customers (Prospective and Active)
You have the right to see and, if necessary, correct Personal Information about you. This requires a written request, both to see personal information about you and to request correction. We do not have to change our records if we do not agree with your correction, but we will place your statement in our file. If you would like a copy of personal information about you, please write us at AAA Solicitation Opt-out, 1277 Treat Boulevard, Suite 1000, Walnut Creek, CA 94597, and include your membership number or one of your insurance policy numbers.
Emergency Road Service
© 2018 AAA Northern California, Nevada & Utah. All rights reserved.
 
×
Welcome to AAA
To enjoy customized local content, please enter your Zip Code below.
Zip Code
This site serves residents of Alaska, Arizona, Northern California, Nevada, Montana, Utah, & Wyoming.
Personalize Dynoblocks
NOTE: Only admins can see this section. This is content that could be swapped for other visible content on the page based on personalization.
Privacy Policy
We appreciate the trust you have placed in us and continually strive to satisfy you, our members, and others who buy our products and services. We work toward making every experience with AAA Arizona enjoyable and beneficial for you. That's why we are pleased to provide product or service offers from us, our affiliates, and other companies with which we work. These offers might include savings and discounts on a variety of products and services related to automotive, travel, insurance, financial services, the Member Discounts program, or other AAA products or services.
Respecting the privacy and security of your personal information is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes the online and offline practices of AAA Arizona, Inc.; AAA Arizona Car Buying Service, LLC; and AAA Roadside Assistance, LLC ( collectively, "we", "us", "our", "AAA Arizona"). It is designed to inform you of the types of information we collect, how we use that information, and the circumstances under which we may share it with affiliated and non-affiliated third parties. It also describes the choices we offer our members regarding receipt of marketing from AAA Arizona. Where AAA Arizona Car Buying Service, LLC practices differ substantially from those of AAA Arizona, we provide supplemental information at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. Please take the time to read this Privacy Policy and familiarize yourself with our practices and the choices provided to you as a AAA member.
We collect personal information about you from the following sources:
From you, our members, and other users of AAA services, on applications and other forms at events, via the Internet, by telephone, and when you apply for AAA Arizona products or services. Examples of this type of information include your name, address, telephone number, and personal demographics (age, gender, marital status, etc.).
From transactions with us or with others. Examples include your payment histories, account balances, credit card numbers, and other transaction records such as utilization of roadside assistance.
From third parties such as our AAA Arizona affiliates and other third parties, including products or services you may have purchased through another AAA organization or our partners.
AAA Arizona does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and does not target its website to children under 13. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.
We primarily use your information to:
Provide the products and services you are entitled to receive as a member or have otherwise requested;
Provide you customer service;
Provide services such as processing a transaction (e.g., making a reservation, fulfilling a request for information, or completing a product order);
Send marketing materials and communications to you in relation to AAA Arizona products and services or those of our strategic marketing partners;
Perform market research via surveys to better serve your needs and to improve our websites, your member experience, and our various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities; or
Otherwise conduct business.
In addition, data we receive from third party providers helps us verify information you have given us or to add demographic or other information to help us better understand your potential needs for additional products or services.
Some of these uses require us to share your information with third parties, including companies whose purpose is to support AAA Arizona marketing or membership activities, as well as our trusted partners who provide travel, financial, and other services to you. In addition, we may share your information (including non-public personal identification information) to ensure our compliance with reporting and other legal requirements or in other manners permitted or required by law, including without limitation to respond to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process.
As a AAA member, you have choices whether we use your information for marketing purposes or whether your non-public personal (financial) information is shared with our AAA Arizona affiliates or those third party partners. Those choices are described in “The Choices You Have” section below.
We capture your IP address and place cookies on all website visitor hard drives to collect information on your visits to our site and the pages viewed. We aggregate this information with that of other visitors to analyze website activity to help us improve your online experience. These data are not personally identifiable to you and are used primarily to identify return visitors to the site and understand from what website you came to our site and the site you next visit upon leaving the AAA Arizona site, including when you link to our partner sites to explore the products and services they provide. In addition, when you initially visit AAA.com, a persistent cookie is used to capture your zip code to make it easier to ensure you visit the appropriate AAA club website.
The use of persistent cookies enables us to capture and link to other information you have provided us online once you choose to identify yourself. This capability allows us to view your activity on our site for a specified period of time to match your interests and needs to the best product and service information available and send it to you. AAA Arizona also uses clear gif tracking images on some of its pages and in our HTML emails to determine open rates.
You may opt out of cookies at any time by following the instructions on your browser.
Receipt of AAA Arizona Marketing
You may choose to opt out of direct mail marketing and telemarketing phone calls from AAA Arizona. We ask you to provide your membership number to help us locate your member record in our files to apply your opt-out to the name and address or telephone number to which the opt-out applies. You may continue to receive direct marketing communications at other names, telephone numbers, or addresses we have in our records. You may also receive non-marketing member communications or satisfaction surveys via telephone or mail.
Highroads Magazine is a subscription benefit of your membership. Please note you will continue to receive this valuable bi-monthly publication unless you specifically ask to unsubscribe when you contact us. If you have unsubscribed, when you renew your AAA Arizona membership, your subscription to Highroads will not renew unless you specifically ask to receive it.
To make a request regarding your preferences for telemarketing phone calls and direct mail marketing from AAA Arizona, including Highroads Magazine, AAA members may visit AAA.com and log in to your AAA.com online account (link provided at the top of the home page). If you have not registered for an online account, you will need to register before editing your contact preferences. Online registration is free and instructions are provided when you select the Log In link at the top of the home page.
You may also contact Membership Processing by phone or mail. Please refer to the "Contact Us" section at the end of this Privacy Policy.
We at AAA Arizona understand our members’ need for information, as well as for our products and services, may change over time. In order to consider your future needs, we limit the length of time your marketing opt-outs will remain active. Direct mail opt-outs will be honored for three years or until you change your name or address, or request information. Telemarketing opt-outs will be honored for 10 years as required by Arizona law or until you change your telephone number.
Receipt of AAA Arizona Email
You may choose to opt out of email marketing and other email communications by visiting the e-Newsletter Preferences page at AAA.com/newsletter or by clicking on the "Email Newsletters" button at the bottom of the AAA.com home page and selecting your preferences.
You may also unsubscribe from a specific email list by clicking on "Unsubscribe from this list" at the bottom of the email, or click on your email address at the bottom of the email to access the e-Newsletter Preferences page.
Generally, you have the right to review information we have about you. As a AAA member, you may review your personal information by visiting AAA.com and logging in to your AAA.com online account. You may also edit your personal information and your contact preferences in your online account, as well as renew your membership, change your membership level, add an associate member, and a variety of other membership requests and changes. You will have access only to the information you provided us in the course of requesting information or conducting business with AAA Arizona.
Both members and nonmembers may also review personal information with a signed request made in writing. The request must include your full name, address, telephone number, and member number, if applicable. We will provide you access only to the information you provided to us in the course of requesting information or conducting business with AAA Arizona. If you would like to update your name, address, phone number, email address, or privacy choices (such as whether you want to receive marketing from us or have us share your information with our partners), you may contact us to request a correction. You may send your request to the address provided in the "Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy. We will respond in writing to your request within 30 days and keep copies of all correspondence in our files.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
When you choose to use AAA Arizona Car Buying Service, LLC to help you in your purchase of a new or used automobile, personal contact and financial information are required to complete your transaction with us. This information may be provided by you or obtained from consumer reporting agencies or other outside sources and include your name, address, telephone number, social security number, driver’s license number, credit card number, income and credit debt, credit scores, credit usage, vehicle of interest, and trade-in vehicle information such as the model, year, purchase date, and odometer reading.
Your name, address, telephone number, and information about the vehicle you bought, as well as any other information you may provide, is shared with AAA Arizona so they may understand your full relationship with the club. In addition, your information may be shared with Centennial Management Inc. which partially owns AAA Arizona Car Buying Service, LLC. You may review this company’s personal information handling practices in the privacy statement on its website.
To opt out of unsolicited direct mail marketing or telemarketing phone calls from AAA Arizona Car Buying Service, please refer to the "Contact Us" section at the end of this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or to opt out of unsolicited direct mail marketing or telemarketing phone calls from AAA Arizona, please contact us by phone or mail.
Please include your member number and address or telephone number to which the opt-out applies in any correspondence:
AAA Arizona, Inc.
Attn: Membership Processing
P.O. Box 10370
Phoenix, AZ 85064-0370
Phone: 602-650-2700, ext. 2440
Please allow approximately 12 weeks for your direct mail opt-out to become effective. Telemarketing opt-out requests will be honored within 31 days.
We appreciate the trust you have placed in us and continually strive to satisfy you, our members, and others who buy our products and services. We work toward making every experience with AAA MountainWest enjoyable and beneficial for you. That's why we are pleased to provide product or service offers from us, our affiliates, and other companies with which we work.  These offers might include savings and discounts on a variety of products and services related to automotive, travel, insurance, financial services, the “Show Your Card and Save” Member Discounts program, or other AAA products or services.
Respecting the privacy and security of your personal information is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes the online and offline practices of AAA MountainWest, Inc.;  and AAA Roadside Assistance, LLC ( collectively, "we", "us", "our", "AAA MountainWest").  It is designed to inform you of the types of information we collect, how we use that information, the circumstances under which we may share it with affiliated and non-affiliated third parties.  It also describes the choices we offer our members regarding receipt of marketing from AAA MountainWest. .  Please take the time to read this Privacy Policy and familiarize yourself with our practices and the choices provided to you as a AAA member.
We collect personal information about you from the following sources:
From you, our members and other users of AAA services, on applications and other forms at events,  via the Internet, by telephone, and when you apply for AAA MountainWest products or services.  Examples of this type of information include your name, address, telephone number, and personal demographics (age, gender, marital status, etc.).
From transactions with us or with others. Examples include your payment histories, account balances, credit card numbers, and other transaction records such as utilization of Roadside Assistance.
From third parties such as our AAA MountainWest affiliates and other third parties, including products or services you may have purchased through another AAA organization or our partners
AAA MountainWest does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and does not target its Web site to children under 13. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.
 We primarily use your information to:
Provide the products and services you are entitled to receive as a member or have otherwise requested;
Provide you customer service;
Provide services such as processing a transaction (e.g., making a reservation, fulfilling a request for information, or completing a product order);
Send marketing materials and communications to you in relation to AAA MountainWest products and services or those of our strategic marketing partners;
Perform market research via surveys to better serve your needs and to improve the effectiveness of our Web sites, your member experience, our various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities; or
Otherwise conduct business.
In addition, data we receive from third-party providers helps us verify information you have given us or to add demographic or other information to help us better understand your potential needs for additional products or services.
Some of these uses require us to share your information with third parties, including companies whose purpose is to support AAA MountainWest marketing or membership activities, as well as our trusted partners who provide travel, financial, and other services to you.  In addition, we may share your information (including non-public personal identification information) to ensure our compliance with reporting and other legal requirements or in other manners permitted or required by law, including without limitation to respond to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process.
As a AAA member, you have choices whether we use your information for marketing purposes or whether you non-public personal (financial) information is shared with our AAA MountainWest affiliates or those third party partners. Those choices are described in “The Choices You Have” section below.
We capture your IP address and place cookies on all Web site visitor hard drives to collect information on your visits to our site and the pages viewed.  We aggregate this information with that of other visitors to analyze Web site activity to help us improve your online experience.  These data are not personally identifiable to you and are used primarily to identify return visitors to the site and understand from what Web site you came to our site and the site you next visit upon leaving the AAA MountainWest site, including when you link to our partner sites to explore the products and services they provide.  In addition, when you initially visit AAA.com, a persistent cookie is used to capture your zip code to make it easier to ensure you visit the appropriate AAA club Web site.
The use of persistent cookies enables us to capture and link to other information you have provided us online once you choose to identify yourself.  This capability allows us to view your activity on our site for a specified period of time to match your interests and needs to the best product and service information available and send it to you.  AAA MountainWest also uses clear gif tracking images on some of its pages and in our HTML e-mails to determine open rates.
You may opt out of cookies at any time by following the instructions on your browser.
Receipt of AAA MountainWest Marketing
You may choose to opt out of direct mail marketing and telemarketing phone calls from AAA MountainWest.  We ask you to provide your membership number to help us locate your member record in our files to apply your opt-out to the name and address or telephone number to which the opt-out applies. You may continue to receive direct marketing communications at other telephone numbers or names or addresses we have in our records.  You may also receive non-marketing member communications or satisfaction surveys via telephone or mail.
VIA Magazine is a subscription benefit of your membership.  Please note you will continue to receive this valuable bi-monthly publication unless you specifically ask to unsubscribe when you contact us.  If you have unsubscribed, when you renew your AAA MountainWest membership, your subscription to VIA  will not renew unless you specifically ask to receive it.
To make a request regarding your preferences for telemarketing phone calls and direct mail marketing from AAA MountainWest, including VIA Magazine, AAA members may visit AAA.com and log in to your AAA.com online account (link provided at the top of the home page). If you have not registered for an online account, you will need to register before editing your contact preferences. Online registration is free to AAA members and instructions are provided when you select the My Online Account link at the top of the home page.
You may also contact Membership Processing via phone at 877-340-8145 or send your request (along with your member number and address or telephone number to which the opt-out applies) to:
Membership - AAA MountainWest
Attn. Membership Processing
P.O. Box 4129
Helena, MT 59604
Please allow approximately 12 weeks for your direct mail opt-out to become effective.  Telemarketing opt-out requests will be honored within 31 days.
We at AAA MountainWest understand our members’ need for information, as well as for our products and services, may change over time.  In order to consider your future needs, we limit the length of time your marketing opt-outs will remain active.   Direct mail opt-outs will be honored for three years or until you change your name or address, or request information.  Telemarketing opt-outs will be honored for ten years as required by law or until you change your telephone number.
Receipt of AAA MountainWest Email
You may choose to opt out of email marketing and other email communications by visiting AAA.com and following the instructions provided when you click on the “Set Your Preferences” link in the Newsletters & RSS section of the website (found at the bottom of the home page). 
Generally, you have the right to review information we have about you. As a AAA member, you may review your personal information by visiting AAA.com and logging into your AAA.com online account. You may also edit your personal information and your contact preferences in your online account, as well as renew your membership, change your membership level, add an associate member, and a variety of other membership requests and changes. You will have access only to the information you provided us in the course of requesting information or conducting business with AAA MountainWest. 
Both members and non-members may also review personal information with a signed request made in writing. The request must include your full name, address, telephone number and member number, if applicable. We will provide you access only to the information you provided to us in the course of requesting information or conducting business with AAA MountainWest.  If you would like to update your name, address, phone number, e-mail address or privacy choices (such as whether you want to receive marketing from us or have us share your information with our partners), you may contact us to request a correction. You may send your request to the address provided in the “Contacting Us and Changes to This Policy” section.  We will respond in writing to your request within 30 days and keep all copies of correspondence in our files.
AAA MountainWest  Inc.
Attn. Membership Processing
