The Privacy Policy was last updated on 12/2013.
Your privacy is very important to us. At Morningstar, we want to make your experience with us satisfying and safe.
This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we gather from your use of this service (the "Service"), how we use it, with whom we might share it, the means by which we keep it secure, and the choices you have about the information you choose to share with us.
 
Personal Information We Collect
The types of personal information we collect depend on the product or service you ("You") receive from us. This information may include, but is not limited to:
Your name, phone number, physical and email address;
Your credit card number;
Your account information, including, but not limited to, account balances and the like;
Your demographic information, such as your age, occupation, income range, investment preferences, etc.;
Stock and fund information (e.g., stock or fund ticker symbols), if You create a personalized portfolio, as well as financial information relating to the stocks or funds You track.
Your usage information
Personal Information - Why We Collect It
 
Personal Information - How We Collect It
The personal information we collect may be captured from a variety of sources. These sources include, but are not limited to:
Voluntary submissions (e.g., responses to surveys, requests for information on our Service, our other products or those of our advertisers/marketing partners);
Registrations/Applications to receive the Service; and
Reviews of site or app usage patterns
 
Use and Access of Your Personal Information With Others
 
Links to Other Web Sites
 
Protection of Your Personal Information 
Morningstar puts security measures in place to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized use, alteration, disclosure or destruction of personal information. These measures include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal information.
If You are using a Service on a mobile device, choosing to select "Keep me signed in" will keep your account logged into the Service until You manually log out or change your password.  Your User Profile information will still remain password protected.
 
Use of Cookies
Morningstar uses Cookies to set user preferences, gather basic tracking information (such as login and password), date, time of visit and preferences, and monitor the presentation of the Service. This information allows us to personalize the user experience and to improve the quality of our Service navigation. Cookies do not reveal the identity of the individual user but only identify the computer utilized by that user.
Please note that advertisers on the Service may also deploy cookies and other technology to gather users' basic Service usage information (such as pages visited or frequency of visits) for such things as to measure and improve the effectiveness of their advertising. For more information regarding advertisers' practices, including how to opt-out of their cookie tracking, please review the relevant advertisers' privacy policies.
For more information regarding advertising network practices, including how to opt-out of their cookie tracking, please visit the ad network's privacy policy at:
Accuracy of Your Personal Information 
 
How to Update Personal Information
 
What About Children's Privacy
 
Your Consent
 
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Morningstar reserves the right to change this policy at any time by distributing and/or posting a new privacy policy without notice. We encourage you to review our privacy policy on a regular basis so that You will be aware of any changes to it.
If you have further questions about our privacy practices, please contact us by emailing premium@morningstar.com .
For site questions or to provide feedback: send us an e mail
© Copyright
2018
 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
