Hours: M - F 8 to 8 EST | Sat 9 to 5:30
With the exception of the items listed in the “Final Sale & Nonreturnable Items” section below, unused, regularly stocked items may be returned by contacting our customer care team within 30 days of the delivery date. A representative will create a return authorization and give you further instructions for completing the return process. Each return is subject to a 25 percent restocking fee and will be responsible for all return shipping fees. These fees will be deducted from your refund amount. To start the return process, fill out this form .
All returned items must be new, unused, and in the original packaging.
Other Types of Returns
Please note that “special order items” like custom fabrications and most furniture cannot be returned. Items shipped directly to you from a manufacturer require a return authorization from that manufacturer. A member of our customer care team can assist you in securing that authorization. Please contact us at 1-800-541-8683 or cs@katom.com , or via Live Chat.
Final Sale & Nonreturnable Items
Used equipment and supplies
Special order items (these are marked on our product pages)
Closeout items
Perishable and consumable items, including foods, and disposable items like lids, plates, and cups
Products sold in aerosol cans
Products that contain flammable liquid
Hazmat products
Furniture
Items shipped to U.S. territories and areas outside the United States
Items shipped outside of the contiguous United States, including Hawaii, Alaska, and all U.S. territories
Fees
Restocking Fees
There are many costs involved in processing a return. To keep our prices as low as possible, we charge a 25 percent restocking fee for all items returned.
Additional Restocking Fees
In some situations, additional shipping and handling fees will be assessed in the return process. Please keep in mind that items shipped to you with “Free Shipping” are only free when shipping from KaTom to you. Free shipping does not apply in the case of a return. These fees will be deducted from your refund amount.
Defective Merchandise
If you receive a defective item, you will have to file a warranty claim. For more information on warranties and this process, please contact us at 1-800-541-8683 or cs@katom.com , or via Live Chat.
Missing or Damaged Items
Claims of items missing from a shipment or damaged in transit must be reported within five business days of receipt of the merchandise. Anytime you receive items, please take some time to carefully inspect your items. Each shipment will include a packing label on the box. Please verify that you received all items listed on that label.
Exchanges
If you would prefer to exchange a returnable item for another product from our stock or the same manufacturer (in the case of a drop shipment), we will be glad to help you arrange this. In most cases the restock fee will be waived when exchanging items directly with our warehouse, however, you will be responsible for return shipping. Items that were shipped directly from the manufacturer must be returned and exchanged with that same manufacturer and may incur additional shipping and restocking fees. All items being returned or exchanged must be new, unused, and in the original packaging.
Order Cancellation
Open Order: If your order is still open in our system, please contact our customer care team at cs@katom.com to cancel your order. You will not be charged any shipping or restocking fees.
Shipped Order: If your order has already shipped, you can refuse the shipment when it arrives at your location or you can accept the order and initiate a return authorization through our returns process. When a shipment is refused, it will come back to our warehouse and you may be charged a restocking fee and any shipping fees associated with the return.
Received Order: If you have already received your purchased item(s), you will have to contact our customer appreciation team to start a return. You will be provided a return authorization number and instructions to ship your items back.
Shipping Addresses
To keep shipping costs as low as possible and provide you with the best possible service here are some tips when checking out online:
Make sure your shipping address is correct.
If the package is going to a business address (any place other than a residence), then the name of the business must be listed, so that the carrier will know which business the product is delivering to.
PO Boxes may not be listed as the shipping address.
Freight Carriers will not deliver to a PO Box.
Businesses run out of a residence will be considered a residential address and charged as such for any delivery.
Include an accurate phone number when placing on order online. If anything happens with your shipment, we will need the best way to get in touch with you. Carriers often call ahead to verify that someone will be at your business to accept the delivery. If the carrier is unable to reach you, they may not be able to deliver your items.
Multiple Items
We will ship your order as items become available, so there are times when you will receive multiple shipments. Your full shipping charge will only be billed on the first shipment, so you will not see shipping charges on subsequent shipment notifications.
Shipping Partners
The majority of our products are shipped via UPS. If you have a preferred carrier, we can make arrangements to use your account. When one of our larger items exceeds the UPS standard weight and dimension limits, we ship via a freight carrier. If you need an LTL freight shipment delivered on a particular date or time, contact one of our sales agents to obtain a quote.
The map shown below, displays the approximate transit times for UPS Ground delivery. Please note that the times shown are guidelines, not guarantees.
Expedited Shipping Options
We are happy to offer expedited shipping options on many of our products, however, items shipping via a freight carrier must be quoted. For more information about expedited freight shipments, call us at 800-541-8683. Shipping times are subject to availability of products and these options will only appear in your cart if they are available at the time of purchase.
Standard UPS Ground – Ship from our warehouse to you in 3 to 5 business days.
UPS 3 Day Select – Guaranteed delivery by the end of the 3rd business day from ship date.
UPS 2nd Day Air – Guaranteed delivery by the end of the 2nd business day from ship date.
UPS Next Day Air – Guaranteed delivery between 10:30 a.m. and 12:00 p.m. on the next business day.
Delivery Options
Our system automatically determines whether your address is zoned in a commercial or non-commercial (residential) area.
Non-commercial Address: A non-commercial address is any house, apartment, or other living space, even if you operate a business from such an address. Schools and churches are considered non-commercial by shipping companies.
Commercial Address: Our freight carriers define a commercial address as any commercial or industrial site with tractor-trailer access or a loading dock that is open during normal business hours (9 a.m. to 5 p.m.). If your item(s) are shipping via freight carrier, in most cases the carrier will contact you to arrange delivery.
Free Shipping
We offer free shipping on thousands of pieces of restaurant equipment and kitchen supplies. These aren’t limited-time deals; they’re part of our commitment to provide you the best value on the quality items every commercial kitchen needs. When you’re making the sort of significant purchases that are sometimes required in foodservice, that benefit can add up to hundreds or even thousands of dollars in savings on every order.
Free, standard ground shipping is only valid on orders shipping to the 48 contiguous United States. Products that qualify for free shipping will display a green “free shipping” label on our product pages.
Free shipping does not include upgraded services like expedited shipping, inside delivery, white glove delivery, lift-gate assistance, and non-commercial deliveries (including residences). There may be additional charges for these services. By working with our shipping partners, including UPS and freight carriers, we’re able to secure competitive rates that keep your final total down.
Freight Receiving Procedures
When an item exceeds the UPS standard weight limits, we ship via freight carrier. Please carefully read the following freight shipment procedures and follow them point by point when your delivery arrives. For a printable version of these instructions, click here .
Inspecting Your Freight Delivery
Before the delivery driver leaves your driveway do the following. (Remember, once the driver leaves, you become responsible for reporting any damages to the freight company. KaTom Restaurant Supply cannot be held liable for those damages.)
Verify the items being delivered are what you ordered. Unpack everything, but be sure to keep all of the original packaging materials. Do not throw out pallets or boxes until you are certain you want to keep everything.
The client should look over the shipment for indicators that something could be damaged or missing. Is the shrink-wrap intact?  If not, note it on the delivery receipt and ask the driver how many cartons does the Bill of Lading show to be on their order so they can count and make sure all boxes are present.
The client should look at each carton they are receiving for, dirty boxes, dents, dings, creases, holes, punctures, broken pallets.  If they see this, note it on the delivery receipt and request that the driver open the box.  If he refuses, they can either call our Customer Care Center or refuse the box and note it on the delivery receipt.
If the boxes are absolutely show room perfect, they should still write where they sign their name, “subject to inspection.” Once the driver leaves, the client has 5 days to notify us of damaged items or missing items.
Inspect the entire piece of equipment - top to bottom. You are looking for visible and/or concealed damage, so look over everything thoroughly. Concealed damage must be reported and an inspection must be requested within 3 business days.
While the driver is present, make note of all damage that you see. Take pictures if you can. Check the products as they are being delivered and note any potential damage on the delivery receipt/bill of lading.
Now you have 3 options:
NO damage. Accept the shipment and sign off.
Slightly damaged. Write down all the damage you see on the acceptance form. If you do not want to live with the damages you see, in the event the carrier does not want to participate in a freight claim, it is best to refuse the damaged piece and call our Customer Care Team immediately. Note the freight bill with “Refused.” If you keep the shipment, make sure you note the damage that you see on the bill that you sign.  If the driver only has a PDA (electronic device), make sure you have him note something on paper that he will sign before you allow him to leave.
If the item you ordered is completely damaged refuse the shipment. Please make note of the damage and take photos. Contact us as soon as possible to start the return process.
If freight damage does occur we are here to help. Please call us at 800-541-8683 Monday through Friday from 8 a.m. – 8 p.m. Eastern Time. Please have your order number, shipping information, and any available tracking numbers ready so we can quickly and accurately assist in the process.
Liftgate Service
Since items shipped via freight carrier are typically bulky and heavy, you will be asked to select liftgate service at checkout. A liftgate is required for all commercial and non-commercial addresses without a loading dock or tractor-trailer access. A liftgate safely unloads items over 75 pounds from the truck down to ground level. Once the item is on the ground it is your responsibility to move the product inside. For inside delivery or white glove services, you can contact our sales team before your items are delivered to obtain a quote.
If you do not select liftgate service at the time of checkout, please be aware of the following:
Liftgate service does not include taking items into your building.
If you add liftgate, white glove, or inside delivery services to your order after the order has been placed, the fees may increase.
The driver will NOT be able to assist in unloading your shipment and that it is solely your responsibility to promptly and safely remove your shipment from the truck.
Furniture Shipments
Please note that some furniture material and color options have an extended lead time. Most furniture orders are custom orders, so these backorders are typically in the 4-12 week range, but can extend past that from time to time. We do our best to provide an accurate shipping estimate to you, but encourage you to place your order well ahead of the time that you will need the items. For more information on ordering furniture from KaTom, please click here .
International Shipping
Most items ship internationally via UPS, although large, heavy and/or bulky items will ship via freight carrier. We cannot ship freight outside of the United States directly, however, we can ship to an international freight forwarder location in the United States for international freight deliveries.
You are responsible for finding and hiring your own freight forwarder.
Once your shipment is delivered to your forwarder, they are responsible for delivery beyond this point.
It is your responsibility to make delivery and payment arrangements with the freight forwarder.
For more information on international shipments, please click here .
Parts and specially ordered items cannot be returned.
We do not issue refunds for any parts ordered.
Depending on availability, parts may have an extended lead time that exceeds 14 business days.
In order to keep our prices as low as possible, we pass along the manufacturers’ terms and conditions, including any shipping costs to customers for parts orders. If you agree to these terms and conditions, please fill out the parts request form . After we receive your request we will be in touch via email to gather more information from you.
Before placing a furniture order with KaTom, please read the following terms, then sign and return the form to accept:
We do not accept returns or exchanges for ANY furniture order, for ANY reason.
Restaurant furniture manufacturers customize each piece to your specifications – colors, materials, size, etc. If you are trying to match existing colors or finish material, we strongly suggest that you request a sample before placing your order as computer screen displays vary and can distort the actual color of items.
Once an order is placed with the manufacturer, you are liable for the expense of the furniture, any accessories, shipping, and other costs as indicated on your quote. In order to keep our prices the lowest in the market for all customers, we pass along the manufacturer terms and conditions, including any shipping costs, to customers for special order items.
Please sign, date, and return this form to accept these terms and conditions of purchasing furniture with KaTom. You can email the form back to us at cs@katom.com or fax it to 800-821-9130. We will not be able to process your furniture order until we receive your signed document.
Electrical Requirements
Due to the differences in the electrical supply in other countries, electrical equipment manufactured for the U.S. may not work in other countries. Customers are responsible for ordering items with the specific voltages and/or Hertz required in their country.
For example, in addition to foreign voltages, many countries use power at a frequency of 50 Hertz, while 60 Hertz is standard in the U.S. We are happy to check with the manufacturer at your request to make sure the product you would like can be converted to the requested voltage and Hertz.
Please note: we are not authorized to resell some specific brands outside of the U.S. and Canada. We will advise you specifically on these details during the order process.
Shipping Carriers
Freight shipments outside of the contiguous 48 United States, a freight forwarder (broker) is required. It is the responsibility of the customer to find and hire their own services. For information on shipments outside of the United States and Canada, see our International Shipping Policy or contact us at 800-541-8683.
Payments
For orders under $400, we accept credit cards with a billing address in the United States or Canada, although in order to prevent fraud, we require documentation to verify the card. The required documentation will vary by order and we will notify you of these requirements after we receive your order. We accept wire transfers and United States money orders as alternate forms of payment. All transactions are conducted with KaTom Restaurant Supply will be in U.S. dollars.
Taxes and Duties
When placing an order outside of the United States, you may be required to pay additional taxes and duties in your country. KaTom is in no way responsible for these charges and cannot give you an accurate estimate of these charges as they differ from country to country. Failure to pay these fees will result in an undeliverable product.
Duties: A duty is a type of tax that is collected by your country’s customs office. This fee will vary from country to country and is payable at the time of delivery. KaTom cannot accept payment for this fee or estimate the cost to the customer.
Customs Broker: You may want to consider hiring a customs broker to help facilitate the transfer of goods from KaTom to you. A broker acts as an intermediary between a buyer and seller of goods between two countries.
International Product Warranties
All product warranties are at the discretion of the manufacturer. Warranties for products sold outside of the United States and Canada may be voided. It is your responsibility to understand the terms of the warranty associated with your product and make sure that it meets your needs before you make a purchase.
International Order Tracking
Orders shipped via UPS will have tracking. Orders shipping via a freight carrier will only having tracking available up to the point the order is delivered to your freight forwarder.
International Returns
Please contact our customer care team at 800-541-8683 to discuss any return from outside of the United States.
International Order Questions
*If you have questions or need clarification on our international order policies, please email us at international@katom.com or call us at 800-541-8683.
Cookies & Information Collection
We collect information that helps us to continually improve your shopping experience at katom.com. For example, we store your customer information in your account as provided, although we do NOT store your credit card information. We use this information to communicate with you regarding your questions and orders, and to improve our website.
We also use "cookies" to help improve your personal shopping experience. Cookies do not contain any of your personal information.
If you have provided us with your e-mail address, you have agreed to receive our KaTom marketing emails. These emails include our best offers, tips for running your foodservice operation, and much more. You may unsubscribe from these promotional e-mails at any time.
Sharing Information
We will never sell or share our customer list or information to third parties, except as required by law or to support your order/inquiry with our suppliers, if necessary. For some products we sell, it may be necessary for the manufacturer or wholesale distributor to contact you during the sales, installation, or warranty periods.
Text Messages
For select brands, we offer instant pricing details via text message. Please be aware that standard messaging and data rates may apply when using this service.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. KaTom is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or throughout any such site.
Security
In an effort to provide education and resources to help our customers be successful, we sometimes link to external websites that we do not operate. We do our best to ensure those domains are safe and contain high-quality content, but we cannot guarantee a site won't change after we evaluate it. If you have concerns about how sites we link to use your information, please visit their respective privacy policies. If you find a link that you believe to be broken or are concerned about a site we link to, please let us know by emailing cs@katom.com .
Information and Site Content
We take every precaution when adding new items to our website using information directly from our manufacturers and suppliers. We present this information to you as accurately as we can, although errors and omissions do occur from time to time. If you see any discrepancies, potentially incorrect information or have any other questions about products we offer, please contact customer service at cs@katom.com or (800) 541-8683.
It is our goal to provide you with the best information about foodservice equipment and supplies available on the Internet and we want to correct any missing or erroneous information as quickly as possible.
Typographical and Image Errors
We make every effort to provide you with the most up-to-date and accurate information on the products we sell. We work closely with the manufacturers of our products to obtain this information, however, there are cases where obtaining an exact description or photo of the product is impossible. When purchasing an item, please make sure to read the description as well as look at the image before committing to the purchase. We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order for any reason.
Prices
Prices are subject to change without notification. If a price differs from the website total you will be contacted to confirm.
Images
All pictures shown on our website are the best available at the time the item is added to our website and may not accurately reflect product updates or features. Pictures may also contain optional accessories which must be purchased separately. In cases where an accurate image was not found, we use a representative or a place holder image.
Availability
Products and services may on occasion have limited or no availability due to your geographical location, an item being discontinued by the manufacturer, or an item being on backorder due to increased demand. We try to fulfill every order in a timely manner and will work with you to replace or substitute items that are unavailable. Please note that nothing on this site constitutes a guarantee that KaTom Restaurant Supply, Inc. will supply goods or services.
Payments
We accept all major credit cards including Visa, MasterCard, American Express, and Discover. Amazon Payments and PayPal are accepted for online transactions only.
We have multiple options for financing your new restaurant equipment. For more information on our financing partners, click here .
Coupons
Occasionally coupon codes are offered to further discount merchandise. Coupon codes will have an expiration date and will only be honored on orders placed while the coupon is valid. They cannot be used in conjunction with other offers. Coupon codes that are not valid will not be accepted at checkout. Coupons from 3rd parties are invalid.
Sales Tax
Laws regarding the collection of sales tax vary by location and undergo frequent change in content as well as interpretation by governmental agencies. KaTom Restaurant Supply, Inc., any parent companies and/or subsidiaries will always make every effort to fully comply with the law and governmental regulations. It is our understanding that customers, whether business or individual, bear the responsibility of reporting purchases that are shipped across state lines and to pay the state and any applicable local sales taxes as per their local laws and regulations. KaTom Restaurant Supply, Inc. is registered in and conducts business within the state of Tennessee, and therefore collects sales tax for orders billed or shipped within the state of Tennessee. Organizations with current and valid sales tax exemptions may request an exemption for sales tax collection by speaking with customer service and providing a copy of required documentation. Sales tax laws and regulations apply to all businesses and individuals within the United States. Online businesses that advertise "No Sales Tax" may not fully understand the sales tax laws, or may be misleading their customers whether intentional or not.
Some products are shipped direct from the manufacturer to the customer by KaTom Restaurant Supply, Inc. Some manufacturers’ sales agreements require that sales tax be collected on any products they ship direct to the customer in certain states. Examples include but are not limited to Blodgett Oven, who requires sales tax collection for products shipped direct within the 15 states that Blodgett has manufacturing or office space in. Another example is Beverage Air, who requires collection of sales tax for any products shipped direct within any of the 50 U.S. states.
KaTom Restaurant Supply, Inc. does not make tax law or set sales tax collection requirements of our suppliers. Sales tax for shipments within the state of Tennessee should show sales tax on the automatically generated invoice. Sales tax for shipments outside the state of Tennessee will not show on the automatically generated invoice, but will be collected if required.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Site or to the products you purchase through the Site shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Sevier County, Tennessee, except that to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Tennessee. You hereby consent to, and waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction and forum non conveniens with respect to venue and jurisdiction in the state and federal courts of Tennessee. Arbitration under these Terms of Use shall be conducted pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules then prevailing at the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be final and binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class action proceedings or otherwise. You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of, related to or connected with the use of the Site or this Agreement must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever banned.
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability
Except as otherwise provided in the standard terms of sale that govern the sale of each product on this site, this site, the products offered for sale on it and the transactions conducted through it are provided by us on an "as is" basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site (and on the webpages to which that webpage links). To the full extent permissible by applicable law, we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability for a particular purpose, noninfringement, title, quiet enjoyment, data accuracy and system integration. This site may include inaccuracies, mistakes or typographical errors. We do not warrant that the content will be uninterrupted or error free.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of this site, including, but not limited to indirect, incidental, punitive, exemplary, special or consequential damages. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, our total liability to you for any damages (regardless of the foundation for the action) shall not exceed in the aggregate the amount of fees actually paid by you to us during the month immediately preceding the act allegedly giving rise to our liability.
