Hayneedle.com Return Policy
We want you to be happy! You may return and exchange new, unused, and resalable items within 30 days of delivery for a refund; perishable and personalized items cannot be returned. We’ll also pay return shipping costs if the return is a result of our error. To get started, please enter your order number with the ship-to name or email address from your order below and we’ll guide you through the quick and easy return and exchange process.
As soon as we receive your return, we’ll credit the original credit card used. If you’d rather replace or exchange for a different item, it’s considered a new order and your original order credit card will be charged.
For credit card, PayPal™, Google Checkout™, or Bill Me Later™ purchases, your returned merchandise will be credited to your original payment method. For check or money order purchases, a refund check will be sent to you. If you paid by gift certificate, you will receive a merchandise credit. If you are returning a gift, the recipient may receive in-store credit or the gift giver may receive a refund to original payment method.
Please note: Original delivery and return shipping charges may not be refundable. Your item(s) may also be ineligible for return or subject to a re-stocking fee per the item return and exchange policy.
For more information visit Hayneedle.com
Hayneedle.com SKU UPC Model
Hayneedle.com
Jun 21, 2018  by Georgia
order a gazebo wanted to return it. customer service told me that you can return it back nothing about you have to pay  for shipping it back to hayneedle.
product 0.3
Oct 19, 2017  by Pam Tilley
I ORDERED A CARGO LINER FOR THE BACK OF MY VAN AND WAS VERY DISSATISFIED WITH IT.  I CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND THEY HANDLED MY PROBLEM PERFECTLY. COULD NOT ASK FOR ANY BETTER SERVICE. NOT SURE WHY SO MANY PEOPLE ARE UNHAPPY WITH THEM.
product 0.3
Sep 15, 2017  by HisAndHers
This is great if you are absolutely sure of the product. If you thought you would like it or find anything off about it, the hassle they make out of returns make it not worth it. if you want to return anything, you are screwed or will have to settle for pennies on the dollar. better to go elsewhere.
product 0.3
Aug 23, 2017  by DeAnn Ross
They are very difficult to deal with, don't really know what to do it does not fit my bed and don't know what to do about it.I would appreciate it if someone would contact me. deross7@q.com or at 303-428-4309.
product 0.3
Jul 31, 2017  by ann stewart
ordered  2 got 4. wanted to change color. Suggested I re order charging my card again. Didn't have return label when received. Charge just to change color? One too many rip offs!!!! Your business will suffer can't screw us all !!
product 0.3
1.6 5.0 28 28 order a gazebo wanted to return it. customer service told me that you can return it back nothing about you have to pay  for shipping it back to hayneedle. Hayneedle.com
Page:
Popular
