Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Needle.com is committed to protecting your privacy online. In order to fully understand your rights, please read this privacy statement before using the Needle.com website (the “Site”), or Needle Facebook App (the “App”) which includes any link to a manufacturer’s site that is partnered with Needle.com.
When does Needle.com collect personally identifiable information?
Needle.com gathers information from visitors in multiple ways:
Registration
Participation in the services available on the Site
Registration. When you register at the Site, we collect information, which allows us to identify you. The more information you provide, the better we are able to customize our services and your experience to suit your needs and preferences.
Category of Personal Data: Identifying information. Opinions, beliefs, personal preferences. Physical characteristics. Social and contact information.
Cookie Technology. We use cookies to store and track your preferences to provide you with a more customized experience. A cookie is a message that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Most Internet sites use cookies. You can set your browser preferences to reject all cookies but then you will not be able to participate in most customized services and you may be required to repeatedly type in certain information. Cookies make your experience easier by saving preferences and passwords. We also use cookies that contain no personal information at all. These cookies help us estimate our web traffic, determine which areas of the Site are the most popular, and deliver relevant messages.
Category of Personal Data: Tracking data
IP Address. We may also log IP addresses for the purpose of systems administration or to report information in aggregate form to third parties (e.g., how many visitors logged in to our Site). An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer automatically when you use the Internet. When you visit a particular web page in the Site, our servers log your IP address. We do not link your IP address to anything personally identifiable.
Category of Personal Data: Tracking data
How is personally identifiable information used?
Customized Look and Feel. Needle.com gathers information to provide you with an effortless experience. For instance, your personal information enables us to greet you when you return to our Site and to provide you with your specified preferences (e.g., Site look and feel and preferred categories and content).
Email. If you register with our Site, from time to time, we may email you with informative messages about our services we believe may be of interest to you.
With whom does Needle.com share information?
We will not disclose your personal information to third parties except to the extent necessary to provide you with a requested service, or under circumstances required by law. In addition, we will comply with the request for your personal information from any law enforcement or regulatory agency or when any applicable law, regulation, or legal process requires it. We also may disclose aggregated data derived from the information you and other visitors provide. Please keep in mind that aggregate data is not traceable to you specifically. Please note, however, that we do not control the privacy policies of third party sites to which we provide links. If you click-through a link on our Site and submit your information to another entity, you will be subject to their own privacy policies. We assume no responsibility or liability for these third party privacy policies.
What are my options to control the use of personal information?
Most browsers can be configured to reject cookies or alert you when cookies are being sent. You may cancel your registration to Needle.com and/or request the removal of your personal information from our visitor records by sending an email to support@needle.com . We will send an email to confirm your request. After you respond, we will remove your information from our database. Residual information may remain in our archives and records, but this information will not be used for a commercial purpose. We reserve the right to maintain information on registered visitors who have violated any of our policies or who have had their access to the Site blocked.
What else should I know about my privacy?
You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area, that information might be viewed and used by others. Please remember that you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password you use on the Site.
Your rights with regard to the data we collect:
As a Data Subject in the European Economic Area, you have the right to request, access, rectify, erase, and restrict how we process your Personal Data.  These rights include the ability to review the Personal Data we have in our Information and Communications systems concerning you, the ability to make any corrections to that Personal Data, the ability to be informed of who that data may have been shared with, the ability to request that we erase all of our Personal Data, and the ability to restrict how we Process your Personal Data.
We are required to respond to any of your requests to exercise these above Data Subject rights within 30 days. Should we be unable to comply within 30 days, we will contact you anyway and let you know of any delay.
Exercising Your Rights:
If you want to exercise your rights, you may contact us or our privacy point of contact at:
Organization
Withdraw Consent:
If our legal basis for processing information your information is based on your consent, you may withdraw your consent at any time by contacting Matt Belchak at the contact information above and informing him/her that you withdraw your consent.
Contacting Supervisory Authorities:
If you would like to lodge a complaint against us, you may contact your local supervisory authority.  If you have trouble locating a supervisory authority, please contact Needle Inc. above and they will help you contact a supervisory authority.
Acceptance of Privacy Policy
By using the Site, or agreeing to the terms during registration you accept this privacy statement. If you do not agree with this privacy statement, do not use the Site. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement from time to time. Your continued use of any portion of the Site, following notification or posting of such changes, will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you have questions or concerns about our specific policies, please send an email to support@needle.com .
Needle's Advocate Marketing Cloud enables trusted e-commerce.
