Effective Date:  March 21, 2017
Last Updated:  May 23, 2018
We value the privacy of our customers’ information and we are always striving to make our customer experience better.  This Privacy Policy describes our information practices and, in particular, how we collect, use and share the Personal Information that we gather through our Services, as defined below.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices, please contact us through the options provided below. 
BY USING OUR SERVICES, YOU CONSENT TO THE INFORMATION PRACTICES AND OTHER TERMS AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT.
Who We Are
We are SUPERVALU INC.   We own and operate the following supermarket chains: Shop ’N Save, Farm Fresh, Hornbacher’s, Cub Foods, and Shoppers (the “Corporate Stores”).  This privacy policy applies to the Services owned and operated by SUPERVALU INC. and our Corporate Stores.
Definitions
When we use the term “Services” in this Privacy Policy, we mean the websites, mobile apps, and other digital properties that are owned and operated by SUPERVALU INC. and its Corporate Stores and that link to this Privacy Policy.  This term does not include the websites, mobile apps and other digital properties that are owned by the Independent Stores or that SUPERVALU INC. operates for those Independent Stores. 
When we use the term “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we mean any information that we directly associate with a specific person, or that reasonably can be used to identify a specific person.  For example, this includes your name, home address, phone number, email address and any other information that we tie to these elements.
Personal Information does not include “aggregated information,” which is information that we collect about a group or category of persons or services.  It also does not include “de-identified information,” which is information from which we or our agents have removed information that can be used to specifically identify a person. This Privacy Policy does not apply to our collection, use, or disclosure of aggregated or de-identified information.
How We Collect and Use Personal Information
We collect Personal Information through our Services.  There are five categories of information that we collect through the Services:
1. Information You Provide
We collect Personal Information you provide, for example when you enter the information into form fields on our Services.  For example, we may collect:
contact information, such as your name, home address, email address and phone number, which we use to administer your account and the Services, communicate with you and authenticate you as a user;
demographic information, including age, information about your household, product preferences and other interests and likes, which we use to better understand and analyze our customer population, support our operations including inventory and product management, to deliver relevant offers and ads, and to improve our products and services including the Services;
communications preferences, including marketing preferences, which we use to manage how we engage with you;
loyalty card information such as loyalty card number and transaction history, which we use to administer our loyalty and rewards programs and tailor our communications to you;
inquiries you make, including the content of your voice and text messages, which we use to respond to your inquires;
online purchase information, including payment card information, purchase details and other transaction information, which we use to process purchases you make online, improve our e-commerce platform and your customer experience and contribute to our marketing efforts, for example, by analyzing information about what products are viewed, what products you put into and take out of your shopping cart, when you browse items but do not make a purchase and other interactions you have with our online product displays and descriptions; and
with your permission, information from your device’s applications, such as the camera to allow you to scan barcodes to add items to your shopping list or your contacts to allow you to update your information.
2. Information Collected Automatically
We use various technologies to collect other types of data that do not directly reveal your identity (“Other Information”).  If we associate Other Information with Personal Information, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
These technologies include the following:
Logging Functionality: As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include IP addresses, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and/or clickstream data.  We generally only use this data for purposes such as security, fraud detection, and protecting our rights.
Cookies and Other Data Collection Technologies: We and our subsidiaries, business partners, and service providers use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to manage our websites and email messages and to collect and track information about you and your activities online over time and across different websites and social media channels.  In addition, we use local shared objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and how you interact with our websites and mobile applications. These technologies help us to recognize you, customize or personalize your shopping experience, store items in your online shopping list between visits, and analyze the use of our Services and solutions to make them more useful to you. These technologies also allow us to aggregate demographic and statistical data and compilations of information, which may or may not include Personal Information, and provide this information to our service providers.  
Most Internet browsers allow you to remove or manage cookie functions and adjust your privacy and security preferences.  For information on how to do this, access the “help” menu on your Internet browser, or visit  http://www.aboutcookies.org/how-to-control-cookies/ .  Please note, however, that disabling our cookies may result in your inability to take full advantage of all of the features of our Services. To manage Flash cookies please visit  Adobe’s website .  
Analytics:  We use analytics providers such as Google Analytics to help us evaluate and measure the use and performance of our Services.  Data about the general attributes of your device may also be collected when you use the mobile application. To opt out of the aggregation and analysis of data collected about you on our website by Google Analytics, visit  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout  and download and install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on.
3. Information We Obtain from Third Party Sources
We collect Personal Information from a number of third party sources. 
Loyalty and Rewards Partners:  We use business partners to help us run our loyalty and rewards programs.  Some of these partners have access to Personal Information about you that we may not otherwise have (for example, where you sign up directly with that provider) and share this information with us in connection with administering the loyalty and rewards program.  We use this information to administer our loyalty and rewards programs, communicate with you, and to conduct marketing and advertising campaigns.
Information from Independent Stores:  As described under the section titled “Independent Stores” above, we provide website and mobile app hosting services and receive customer data from the Independent Stores.   We collect, use and share this Personal Information in ways permitted by our agreements with the Independent Stores and that are consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Single Sign-On: Some of our Services allow you to register and login to our Services through a third-party platform such as Facebook.   When you login to our service through a third-party platform, you allow us to access and collect any information from your third-party platform account permitted under the settings and privacy policy of that platform.
Pharmacy Data: Some of our stores have an associated pharmacy.  For the data collection, use and disclosure practices of the pharmacies, please see the section titled “Pharmacy Operations” below.
Supplemental Information:  We may receive additional Personal Information from third- party sources that we may append to existing consumer information, such as email and address verification.  We use this supplemental information to better understand our consumers, deliver relevant offers and advertising, and improve our operations, stores, Services and our advertising and marketing campaigns. 
4. Location Information  
We collect location information through the Services so we can offer you certain location-based services (such as delivering advertisements that are relevant to your particular location, and conducting analytics to improve our stores and the Services).  The way in which we collect location information is different depending on whether you are accessing the Services through a website or a mobile application.
If you are accessing the Services through a website, we use various technologies, including IP lookup, to detect your location so that we can automatically show you the closest store to your area, rather than some random location. Depending on browser type, your browser may inform you that the Site would like to collect your location and request your permission to do so. If you allow it, location information is then collected and may be stored locally on your device. If you decline the collection of location information, your location is not collected and you must manually enter your location.
If you are viewing our content on a social media platform, location information may be collected by the third-party platform. We do not control the collection, use or disclosure of location information on social media platforms. To opt out of location information sharing, please set your preferences within your social profile settings or follow the instructions on the social media platform.
If you are using a mobile app, you will be prompted to provide your consent for us to collect your location information. If you decline to allow us to collect your location information, you must manually type-in your preferred store or location so that we can show you the local store, or send offers that are available in your area.
If you allow us to collect your location information, we collect precise location information.  Whether and to what extent we can collect this information is controlled by your operating system, but the methods of collection typically include GPS, cellular network location and other location-based services.  Depending on the operating system, we typically receive the location of your mobile device expressed as latitude and longitude, as well as date and time.  Please note that the precision of this data varies greatly and is determined by factors controlled by your device or mobile service provider.
If you elect to allow the mobile app to collect location information while the mobile app is running in the background, you will have enabled continuous location collection.  This allows us to show you offers, coupons and advertisements relevant to current location and help you find our stores nearest to you.  We also use this location information to conduct analytics and improve our operations as well as the Services themselves.  
You can turn off location collection through your device settings or by deleting our mobile app from your device.   
5. In Store Beacons
Some of our store locations may be equipped with tracking beacons.  If your mobile device has at least one of our apps installed, we may track your location both inside and outside of our stores.  If you are using a mobile app, we may tie beacon data to data collected through the app. We use this information to analyze and improve store and product layout, deliver advertising or marketing services that may be relevant to you (such as, alerting you to available coupons when perusing an aisle that includes these products), and improve our marketing practices.  If you wish to restrict this tracking, please use the “location services” menu in the settings on your mobile device.
Additional Uses of Personal Information
In addition to the uses described above, we may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
Operating our business, delivering our products and services, managing your accounts and loyalty and rewards programs, and for any other lawful, legitimate business purposes; 
Contacting you to respond to your requests or inquiries;
Processing and completing your transactions including, as applicable, order confirmation, enrollment in our loyalty or other programs, processing payments for online purchases and delivering products or services;
Providing you with newsletters, articles, product or service alerts, new product or service announcements, savings awards, event invitations, and other information that are tailored to your interests or purchase behavior;
Contacting you about programs, products, or services that we believe may be of interest to you, or sharing with you special offers from other companies;
Providing you with coupons, programs, promotional information, offers, and other information that are personally tailored to your interests and purchase behavior;
Conducting market research, surveys, and similar inquiries to help us understand trends and customer needs across product categories or customer groups;
Administering our loyalty and rewards programs including allowing you to create and maintain customer profiles, analyzing your interactions with us, presenting customized offers, and improving our products, services, programs, and other offerings;
Evaluating your shopping experience or existing products and services, or to create new items;
Alerting you about a product safety announcement or recall or correction of an offer, promotion, or advertisement;
Administering sweepstakes and promotions or contacting you regarding a contest prize;
Preventing, investigating, or providing notice of fraud, unlawful or criminal activity, or unauthorized access to or use of Personal Information, our website or data systems; or to meet legal obligations;
Enforcing our Terms of Use and other agreements; and,
Sending you text messages or push notifications when you sign up for one of our messaging programs.  These messages may be sent by automated means.  You may opt out of a text message program by following the instructions in the “Opt-Out Choices” section below.
We may also use services provided by third-parties (such as social media platforms) to serve targeted ads to you and others on third-party platforms. We may do this by providing a hashed version of your personal information to the third party for matching purposes.
How We Share and Disclose Personal Information
We share your Personal Information with third parties only in the ways described in this Privacy Policy.    
Service Providers:  We share your Personal Information with third-party service providers who complete transactions or perform services on our behalf or for your benefit, such as for payment processing, marketing, analytics, processing employment applications and performing human resources administration or to verify customer data, such as mailing addresses.
Affiliates:  We may share your information with affiliated legal entities within the SUPERVALU family of companies for purposes and uses that are consistent with this Privacy Policy.  For example, we may have a separate legal entity that controls the stores in one particular region versus another, and SUPERVALU INC. may be the legal entity operating the website or mobile app, and SUPERVALU INC. would share Personal Information of customers of stores in a particular region with the legal entity that controls the stores in that region. 
Business Partners: We may share your information with our business partners for the purpose of administering the loyalty and rewards programs. For example, we may share information with our partner gas stations so you may claim your discount rewards.
Third-Party Mobile App Providers: With your knowledge and consent, the Services may gather and transfer your information, including location information, from and to other applications, functions and tools within your mobile device.
Legal Process, Safety and Terms Enforcement:  We may disclose your Personal Information to legal or government regulatory authorities in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes or litigation, when otherwise required by law, or if we determine its disclosure is necessary to protect the health and safety of you or us, or to enforce our legal rights or contractual commitments that you have made. 
Business Transfers: Your Personal Information may be disclosed as part of a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, or financing or sale of company assets, and could be transferred to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. It may also be disclosed in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership.  You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on any affected website of any change in ownership or uses of Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding Personal Information about you.
Independent Stores
We have franchise and wholesale relationships with a network of independent retailers that independently own and operate their grocery stores (“Independent Stores”), but who may license the use of a brand name that we own or use our wholesale distribution network.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to these Independent Stores or to the websites, mobile apps or other digital properties that are owned or operated by those Independent Stores.   Please see the privacy policy posted on those digital properties to understand the Independent Store’s information practices. 
Sometimes these Independent Stores contract with us to operate their websites and mobile apps.  In these cases, we are acting as a service provider to those Independent Stores.  When providing those services, we have access to their customer information flowing through the services.   This Privacy Policy governs how we collect, use, and disclose that information.  However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the information practices of the Independent Stores—to be clear, what the Independent Stores do with their customer information is governed by the Independent Stores’ privacy policies, not ours. 
Pharmacy Operations
Some of our stores have pharmacies in them.  These pharmacies are not covered by this Privacy Policy.  Rather, they have separately posted notices of privacy practices that describe how the pharmacies collect, use and disclose your protected health information.
If your local store has a pharmacy, our mobile app includes a feature in which you can elect to submit a request to refill your prescription at the pharmacy.  If you choose to use this feature, you will need to provide the last four digits of your phone number, the store where your prescription is being refilled and the prescription number.  We will use this information solely for refilling your prescription.  We will disclose information submitted to the relevant pharmacy for the purpose of providing you the services you request.
Your Ad Choices
We support the self-regulatory principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”).   We work with a variety of advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies (“Ad Partners”) that use different technologies to collect data about your use of the Services (such as pages visited, ads viewed or clicked on) in order to deliver relevant advertising.
These technologies may include the placement on our Services of cookies or web beacons, and other data collection technologies by these Ad Partners to track how our Services are being used, to track where users go and what they do after their leave our Services, and to link various devices you may use, and to serve you more relevant ads.  These advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit.
For more information about how Ad Partners use the information collected by the technologies on our Services and about your options not to accept cookies placed by some of these companies on our Services, please visit the  DAA’s opt-out page . You may also opt out of additional third party advertising networks by going to the Network Advertising Initiative’s  website  and following the directions.
The opt-outs described above are device- and browser-specific and may not work on all devices.  If you choose to opt-out through any of these opt-out tools, this does not mean you will cease to see advertising.  Rather, the ads you see will just not be based on your interests.  In addition, when you opt out using one of these methods, our Ad Partners will continue to collect information for any other purpose permitted by the DAA’s rules.   You can opt out of future information collection from our Services by ceasing use of the Service or in the case of an application, uninstalling the application.
Please note that this Privacy Policy does not cover the practices of our Ad Partners.  SUPERVALU INC. does not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are not directed to, and we do not intend to, or knowingly, collect or solicit Personal Information online from children under the age of 13.  We encourage parents or guardians to participate in and monitor their children’s online activity.  If a child under 13 has provided Personal Information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us (see the “Contact” section below) to request that we remove the information from our systems.  If you are under the age of 13, do not provide us with any Personal Information either directly, on any website bulletin boards, or by other means.
How To Access or Update Your Information
You may review your Personal Information that is readily accessible through our Services or contact us to request that it be updated by contacting our Customer Interaction Center (see the “Contact” section below).
We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as reasonably useful for commercial purposes. We will retain and use your Personal Information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations or data retention policies, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
Links to Other Websites
For your information and convenience, our Services contain links to websites operated by third parties. Our website may also include features like buttons and widgets hosted by other companies (for example, the Twitter “Tweet” button). These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
We use Google Maps with our Find a Store feature.  By using our Find a Store feature, you are bound by the Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service , including Google’s Privacy Policy .
This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the practices of third parties that collect your Personal Information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those third parties to learn about their information practices
Updates to the Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your Personal Information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Services and updating the effective date above.
Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Services. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service.
Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of our Services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
Managing Communication Preferences
If you have provided us with your contact information, we may send you email messages, direct mail offers, push notifications or other communications regarding products or services depending on the method of communication selected.   You may ask us not to do so when you access our websites or mobile applications, or change your preferences by updating any accounts you have with us. At any time, you may elect to discontinue receiving commercial messages from us by submitting an opt-out request to the contact information below or by following the unsubscribe instructions in the form of the communication you received, as described below.
Printed Materials: To opt out of receiving printed marketing materials at your postal address, such as advertisements, flyers or postcards, please write to us at the address below. Please be sure to include your name and mailing address exactly as they appear on the printed marketing materials you received.
Emails: To opt out of receiving marketing communications via email, please send an unsubscribe request to the email address below or click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email that was sent to you and follow the directions on the resulting web page. Please note that you may continue to receive certain transactional or account-related electronic messages from us.
Text Messages: If you have consented to receive text messages, you may opt out of receiving them by using the method provided in the text message or by contacting us at the address below.
Push Notifications: To opt out of receiving push notifications, please set your preferences within your device setting menu.
How to Deactivate Your Account
You may deactivate your account at any time for any reason by calling or emailing us as indicated in the Contact Us section below.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or other privacy-related matters, you may contact us in the following ways:
Mailing Address:
Email Address
