CALL TO LEARN MORE
ApplicantStack is committed to protecting the privacy of our visitors and clients.
Last Updated:  May 2018
ACKNOWLEDGMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS
Racarie Software (d.b.a ApplicantStack) is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website located at  https://www.applicantstack.com/ .By accessing www.applicantstack.com, you acknowledge and fully understand Racarie Software’s Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT
Racarie Software collects certain information from and about its users three ways: directly from our Web Server logs, the user, and with Cookies.
Web Server Logs
When you visit our Website, we may track information to administer the site and analyze its usage. Examples of information we may track include:
Your Internet protocol address.
State or country from which you accessed the site.
Date and time of your visit.
Name of your Internet service provider.
Web page you linked to our site from.
Pages you viewed on the site.
Use of Cookies
Racarie Software may use cookies to personalize or enhance your user experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read by a Web Server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. For example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. Hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality.
Racarie Software reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you reject cookies by changing your browser settings, then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our Website.
For more information, visit the help page for your web browser or see  http://www.allaboutcookies.org  or visit  www.youronlinechoices.com  which has further information about behavioral advertising and online privacy.
We may use third party analytics such as Google Analytics or similar analytics services. For information on how Google processes and collects your information regarding Google Analytics and how you can opt-out, please see  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Personal Information Users
Visitors to www.applicantstack.com can register for an account. When you register, we will request some personal information such as name, email, and company. This information is used to establish your account and enable us to provide assistance and information to you. For example, such data may be warranted in order to provide online technical support and troubleshooting.
If you sign up for a paid account, we may request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider.
We will not disclose personally identifiable information we collect from you to third parties without your permission except to the extent necessary including:
To fulfill your service requests for services.
To protect ourselves from liability,
To respond to legal process or comply with law, or
In connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of the company.
USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES
www.applicantstack.com may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow Racarie Software to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Racarie Software may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. Racarie Software prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.
ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. If you register for an account you will be able to update your personal information from within your account.
CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT
Racarie Software has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us here or send your comments to:
Racarie Software
Racarie Software will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
We help growing companies succeed in sourcing, qualifying, and hiring top talent.
