We're the largest royalty-free, vector-only stock agency in the      world.
Every week we add new premium graphics by the thousands.
Whether you're a global ad agency or a freelance graphic     designer, we have the vector graphics to make your project come to     life.
Sign Up...
Email / Username
What information do we collect?
We collect anonymous and personal information from visitors to our website, where appropriate.
The most common types of information we collect are contact details (eg. name, email address), account details (eg. username, password), billing details (eg. address, company name) and web analytics data.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
To send periodic emails
You can unsubscribe from within your My Account section (or using the Unsubscribe link included within emails) at any time
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. Your account password is stored using a number of encryption methods including a One-way Hashing system. If you lose your password it must be reset as it can not be sent to you via email due to the encryption. Similarly when you log into VectorStock.com your details are passed via. Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption to protect your information.
When placing an order all supplied information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such Banking systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your credit cards information will not be stored on our servers.
How to view and/or update your stored information?
You have the ability to update or delete your personal information at any time in the account section. These controls allow you to edit your personal details as well as modify/delete any stored credit card references.
Upon request VectorStock can provide all the information that we hold on you. Please email admin@vectorstock.com with these requests.
Do we use cookies or similar tracking technology?
Cookies are small data files that are stored in your browser (if you allow) that capture and remember information.
We use cookies and other similar technology to save browsing prefences such as image layout size and your cart and gallery contents when logged in. We also track visitor events anonymously (clicks, purchases, downloads) to improve our image search and related services. No personally identifiable information is collected with these events.
Currently our site uses a small set of third-party services which may use tracking for analytics or advertising services. These include the following; New Relic (Analytics), Google AdWords (Advertising), Google Analytics (Analytics) and CrazyEgg (Analytics). For more information about third-party services and the option to opt-out from tracking, you can visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org or http://youronlinechoices.eu .
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Account' page.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms & Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at Vectorstock FAQ: Terms & Conditions .
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 30 May 2018.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below:
www.vectorstock.com
