× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
500px.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from 500px.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.500px.com/privacy . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Because 500px enables people to discover and share information with one another, information about the people who use 500px is an integral part of the 500px experience. Rest assured that we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below.
500px Personnel: 500px personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of 500px business.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if 500px, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.
Protection of 500px and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of 500px, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
User Profile information: Information collected during registration and subsequent visits, such as your full name and location, may be displayed to other 500px users in your User Profile. The User Profile is the area on 500px where we allow you to tell other 500px users about yourself. You may control what personal information is displayed in your User Profile by visiting the Settings section of your User Profile.
Followers' Activity: Much like other online social networks, 500px allows non-followers to browse your followers activity.
Syndication: 500px allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the 500px website.
With Your Consent: Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
