Join for Free!
Join for free and start building and tracking your workouts, get support from other Fitness Blender members and more!
Privacy Policy has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Data Collection
We may use non-personal data from your visit for internal statistical purposes. Some of this data may be sent anonymously to third parties. This includes browser type, version, operating system, connection speed, and what pages you may have viewed.
We may store information from your visit in our server logs, databases, browser sessions, and/or cookies and we may access this information when you visit the Site in the future. We do this to help improve the user experience of the website. Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our site.
We will not sell any data or personal information collected during your visit.
Social Media
Using social media sharing features on the Site may share data and personal information to third parties. This includes using "Likes", "+ Ones", "Share This", "Add This", and other social sharing features. Information may also be shared if you are logged into a social network and browsing the Site (even if you do not use the share features). Please see each individual social media / social network privacy policy and legal statement for more information. Here are the most popular:
How we use “Cookies”?
Visitors should be aware than non-personal/non-critical information, such as IDs and generic letter/number combinations may be stored and collected by the Fitness Blender website through the use of “cookies”. We use “cookies” solely for the purpose of maintaining sessions such as users/customers login status, and order/product status. “cookies” are required for the Fitness Blender website and functionality may or may not work with “cookies” disabled.
Cookies from Third Party Vendors
 
 
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page . Users can also opt out of other third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page .
Cookies from Amazon Associates Links
 
Fitness Blender uses Amazon Associates links for various products. When an Amazon link is clicked the user is taken to an Amazon webpage and their privacy policy applies. Visit Amazon’s privacy policy here for more information.
Cookies from Power Systems Affiliate Program
 
 
 
The cookies of other third-party vendors or ad networks may also be used to serve ads on Fitness Blender and a list of possible third-party vendors or ad networks may be found here .
Users may visit the websites of the companies mentioned above to opt out of cookies (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Users can opt out of some, but not all, of these cookies in one location at the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out website at www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp .
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy maintains this Site for your personal entertainment, information, education, and communication. You may download material displayed on the Site for non-commercial, personal use only provided you also retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not, however, distribute, modify, transmit, reuse, re-post, or use the content of the Site for public or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without written permission. Your access to and use of the Site is also subject to the following terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing the Site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, the Terms and Conditions and acknowledge that any other agreements between you and Privacy Policy are superseded and are of no force or effect.
Terms and Conditions
While we use reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date information in the Site, we make no warranties or representations as to its accuracy. We assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of the Site.
Your use of and browsing in the Site are at your risk. Neither we nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Site is liable for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages arising out of your access to, or use of, the Site. Without limiting the foregoing, everything on the Site is provided to you "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. Please note that some jurisdictions may not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, so some of the above exclusions may not apply to you. Check your local laws for any restrictions or limitations regarding the exclusion of implied warranties. We also assume no responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Site.
Any communication or material you transmit to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like is, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Privacy Policy Administration:
Fitness Blender
