Hello! I'm the hidden debugger, I'm used rarely but I serve great purposes.
Choose your world!
We respect and are committed towards protecting your privacy. Publishing, selling or renting any personal data or information to any third party, without your consent, is against our ethics.
For more clarity on how we use and protect your personal information, please go through our privacy policy thoroughly!
The privacy practices of this statement apply exclusively to our services available under the domain and sub-domains of Vatsana Co. By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our website.
Do we sell your information?
GeeksMate does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested.
Cookies
A ‘Cookie’ is a ‘Non-Personal Information’ that is not personally identifiable to you and that we automatically collect when you access our website with a web browser. It is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Geeksmate.io to recognize you each time you visit or login to this site. Beebom does not use cookies to store visitor’s information. Third party services such as Google Adsense and Google Analytics store cookies to track visitors and for better ad management. For any concern with a third party, please contact them directly.
External Links
GeeksMate does provide links to other websites that are not under our direct control. Once you have left GeeksMate and landed on another site, then it’s their privacy policy that comes into action. We won’t be able to control a user’s privacy on another site. We cannot also be held liable/accountable for any loss/damage occurring as a result of activity on another website.
Children's Privacy
The Services are intended for a general audience and are not intended for and should not be used by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us using the details in the Contact Us section below. We will delete such information from our files as soon as reasonably practicable.
Privacy Policy updates
Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy.
Questions about Privacy policy?
If you have any queries regarding our privacy policy, you can mail us at geeksmate@wittyfeed.com
