Your privacy is important to the Professional Theatre Training Program (PTTP).  This privacy statement provides information about the personal information that the PTTP collects, and the ways in which PTTP uses that personal information.
Personal information
collection
The PTTP may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
» [information about your use of this website]
» [information that you provide using for the purpose of registering with the website]
» [information about transactions carried out over this website]
» [information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the website services]
» [any other information that you send to the PTTP.]
Using personal
» [administer this website;]
» [enable your access to and use of the website services;]
» [publish information about you on the website;]
» [send to you products that you purchase;]
» [supply to you services that you purchase;]
» [send you statements and invoices;]
» [collect payments from you; and]
» [send you marketing communications.]
Where the PTTP discloses your personal information to its agents or sub-contractors for these purposes, the agent or sub-contractor in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, the PTTP may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing
The PTTP will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
The PTTP will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers.
[Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this website will be  protected by encryption technology.]
Updating
this statement
The PTTP may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this website.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other
websites
This website contains links to other websites.
The PTTP is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.
Contact
the PTTP
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the PTTP's treatment of your personal information, please write to:
» by post to
Warranty
This website is provided "as is" without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  The PTTP makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, the PTTP does not warrant that:
» this website will be constantly available, or available at all
» the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.  [If you require advice in relation to any [legal, financial or medical] matter you should consult an appropriate professional.]
Limitations of liability
The PTTP will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
» [to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;]
» for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
» for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if the PTTP has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Looking for directions to the theater?
