If you are in Virginia, you are just 30 miles from a community college.
Here are the community colleges closest to
Privacy Policy
It is the policy of the Commonwealth of Virginia that personal information about citizens will be collected only to the extent necessary to provide the service or benefit desired; that only appropriate information will be collected; that the citizen shall understand the reason the information is collected and be able to examine any personal record maintained by a public body. This website:
Collects information, including email addresses, only when additional information about VCCS colleges or courses is requested. This information is used solely to provide the information or services requested and is not shared with other organizations or used in any other way.
Uses temporary “cookies” only in specific applications that allow for registering for programs or requesting additional information about programs or courses. These temporary cookies, designed to enhance the user’s experience, are automatically removed when you exit the site and do not remain on your computer.
The IP address, pages browsed and date and time of your visit is collected for internal statistical purposes only.
The VCCS web site links to individual community college web sites, which are governed by their own policies and procedures, and may link to external sites that are not controlled by the policies of the VCCS.
Equal Opportunity
 
The Rights of Requesters and the Responsibilities of the 
Virginia Community College System (VCCS)
under the Virginia Freedom of Information Act
The Virginia Freedom of Information Act (FOIA), located § 2.2-3700 et. seq. of the Code of Virginia, guarantees citizens of the Commonwealth and representatives of the media access to public records held by public bodies, public officials, and public employees.
A public record is any writing or recording — regardless of whether it is a paper record, an electronic file, an audio or video recording, or any other format — that is prepared or owned by, or in the possession of a public body or its officers, employees or agents in the transaction of public business. All public records are presumed to be open, and may only be withheld if a specific, statutory exemption applies.
The policy of FOIA states that the purpose of FOIA is to promote an increased awareness by all persons of governmental activities. In furthering this policy, FOIA requires that the law be interpreted liberally, in favor of access, and that any exemption allowing public records to be withheld must be interpreted narrowly.
You have the right to request to inspect or receive copies of public records, or both.
You have the right to request that any charges for the requested records be estimated in advance.
If you believe that your FOIA rights have been violated, you may file a petition in district or circuit court to compel compliance with FOIA.
Making a request for records from the Virginia Community College System (VCCS)
You may request records by U.S. Mail, fax, e-mail, in person, or over the phone. FOIA does not require that your request be in writing, nor do you need to specifically state that you are requesting records under FOIA. From a practical perspective, it may be helpful to both you and the person receiving your request to put your request in writing. This allows you to create a record of your request. It also gives us a clear statement of what records you are requesting, so that there is no misunderstanding over a verbal request. However, we cannot refuse to respond to your FOIA request if you elect to not put it in writing.
Your request must identify the records you are seeking with “reasonable specificity.” This is a common-sense standard. It does not refer to or limit the volume or number of records that you are requesting; instead, it requires that you be specific enough so that we can identify and locate the records that you are seeking.
Your request must ask for existing records or documents. FOIA gives you a right to inspect or copy records; it does not apply to a situation where you are asking general questions about the work of the VCCS, nor does it require the VCCS to create a record that does not exist.
You may choose to receive electronic records in any format used by the VCCS in the regular course of business. For example, if you are requesting records maintained in an Excel database, you may elect to receive those records electronically, via e-mail or on a computer disk, or to receive a printed copy of those records
If we have questions about your request, please cooperate with staff’s efforts to clarify the type of records that you are seeking, or to attempt to reach a reasonable agreement about a response to a large request. Making a FOIA request is not an adversarial process, but we may need to discuss your request with you to ensure that we understand what records you are seeking.
VCCS must respond to your request within five working days of receiving it.  “Day One” is considered the day after your request is received. The five-day period does not include weekends or holidays.
The public records the VCCS maintains include, but are not limited to personnel records, scholastic records, contracts, and records related to academic programs. The Code of Virginia allows any public body to withhold certain records from public disclosure. The VCCS routinely withholds records subject to the following exemptions:
Personnel records (Va. Code § 2.2-3705.1(1)).
Scholastic records (Va. Code § 2.2-3705.4(1)).
Records subject to attorney-client privilege (Va. Code § 2.2-3705.1(2)) or attorney work product (Va. Code § 2.2-3705.1(3)).
Records relating to the negotiation and award of a contract, prior to a contract being awarded (Va. Code § 2.2-3705.1(12)).
The VCCS will invoke the personnel and scholastic records exemptions to protect the privacy of its employees and students.  The VCCS will invoke the contract negotiations exemption whenever it applies to protect VCCS’ bargaining position and negotiating strategy.
A public body may make reasonable charges not to exceed its actual cost incurred in accessing, duplicating, supplying, or searching for the requested records. No public body shall impose any extraneous, intermediary, or surplus fees or expenses to recoup the general costs associated with creating or maintaining records or transacting the general business of the public body. Any duplicating fee charged by a public body shall not exceed the actual cost of duplication. All charges for the supplying of requested records shall be estimated in advance at the request of the citizen as set forth in subsection F of § 2.2-3704 of the Code of Virginia.
To request records from the Virginia Community College System (VCCS) or ask questions about requesting records, you may contact:
FOIA Request
Richmond, Virginia 23236
Richmond, VA 23236
