In accordance with European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Paybis.com has updated its Privacy Policy.
PAYBIS.COM and its affiliates (hereinafter, "PAYBIS.COM", "we", "us" or "our") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy (together with our Terms and Conditions of Use) governs our collection, processing and use of your Personal Information. We define "Personal Information" as information which identifies you personally, e.g., your name, address, e-mail address, trades, etc.
The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about:
who is responsible for protection of your information;
the types of the Personal Information which we may collect about you and how it may be used;
the sources from which we gather information about you;
our use of information regarding IP Addresses and our use of cookies;
any disclosure of the Personal Information to third parties;
your ability to correct, update and delete your Personal Information; and
the security measures we have in place to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of the Personal Information under our control.
Who is responsible for protection of your information?
Protection of your personal information is the responsibility of our Data Protection Officer (DPO) who you can contact with questions related to your personal information. If you want to reach our DPO, please contact [email protected] .
Gathering and Use of Personal Information
We may collect your Personal Information if you use the Site, open an Account to use Our Services or perform any Transactions on paybis.com. The types of the Personal Information which we collect may include:
your name;
your device and browser information;
your banking details, including account numbers;
your date of birth;
We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:
to allow you to open and operate an Account on the Paybis.com;
to enable you to complete Transactions on Paybis.com;
if you contact us, to reply to your queries;
to analyze the use of our Site;
as required for regulatory purposes;
to provide you with information about products and promotions that may be of interest to you, from ourselves and third parties, although only if you have specifically agreed to receive such information;
for market research, e.g., surveying our Members' needs and opinions on issues, such as our performance, etc.
We will process your Personal Information only for the purpose(s) for which it has been provided to us.
Sources of information
We collect information about you from several sources including, but not limited to:
Your paybis.com profile
IP Addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type for system administration, and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
Cookies
We use a browser feature known as a "cookie", which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive. Information collected from cookies is used by us to evaluate the effectiveness of our Site, analyze trends, and administer the Paybis.com. The information collected from cookies allows us to determine such things as which parts of our Site are most visited and difficulties our visitors may experience in accessing our Site. With this knowledge, we can improve the quality of your experience on the Paybis.com by recognizing and delivering more of the most desired features and information, as well as by resolving access difficulties. We also use cookies and/or a technology known as web bugs or clear gifs, which are typically stored in emails to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to our emails, and to provide you with a more personalized experience when using our Site.
We use third party service provider(s), to assist us in better understanding the use of our Site. Our service provider(s) will place cookies on the hard drive of your computer and will receive information that we select that will educate us on such things as how visitors navigate around our site, what products are browsed, and general transaction information. Our service provider(s) analyzes this information and provides us with aggregate reports. The information and analysis provided by our service provider(s) will be used to assist us in better understanding our visitors' interests in our Site and how to better serve those interests. The information collected by our service provider(s) may be linked to and combined with the information that we collect about you while you are using the Paybis.com. Our service provider(s) is/are contractually restricted from using information they receive from our Site other than to assist us.
By using our Site you agree that we may use cookies for the purposes set out above.
Disclosure of Personal Information
We use the Personal Information for the purposes indicated at the time you provide us with such information, and/or otherwise for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy and/or as otherwise permitted by law. We may make available the Personal Information that you provide to us to our affiliates, agents, representatives, trusted service providers and contractors for these limited purposes. We may also share Members’ Personal Information with financial institutions, insurance companies or other companies in the case of a merger, divestiture, or other corporate re-organization. We may also share Members' Personal Information with law enforcement or regulatory agencies, as may be required by law. Any third party which receives or has access to the Personal Information shall be required by us to protect such Personal Information and to use it only to carry out the services they are performing for you or for PAYBIS.COM, unless otherwise required or permitted by law. We will ensure that any such third party is aware of our obligations under this Privacy Policy and we will enter into contracts with such third parties by which they are bound by terms no less protective of any Personal Information disclosed to them than the obligations we undertake to you under this Privacy Policy or which are imposed on us under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, when it is needed and permitted by law we can share information about you with the following parties:
With third-party verification providers (i.e. identity and address verification providers);
With acquiring and card issuing banks;
With payment processing partners;
With our service providers;
With banks or other financial institutions when disputing claims or chargebacks;
With government and regulatory officials when requested;
Please note that we cooperate with partners in different countries, hence your information might be processed and stored in different jurisdictions, but only as permitted by the law in that particular jurisdiction.
We are committed to ensure safety of your personal information at any point of time by the use of secured data transfer channels, contractual obligations and other means (i.e. working with only trusted partners that have adequate data protection means).
Correction⁄Updating⁄Deletion of Personal Information
You have the right to access your Personal Information and to require the correction, updating and blocking of inaccurate and/or incorrect data by sending an email to us at: [email protected]
You may also request the deletion or destruction of both the Account and Personal Information by sending an email to us at: [email protected] PAYBIS.COM will action your request only where this is not inconsistent with its legal and regulatory obligations.
Upon your written request, we will inform you of the Personal Information relating to you that we hold and the use and general disclosure of your Personal Information. We will also give you a copy of the Personal Information we have retained. There may be a minimal charge for accessing your Personal Information.
Security
We have implemented security measures to ensure the confidentiality of your Personal Information and to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. Only authorized personnel of PAYBIS.COM have access to your Personal Information, and these personnel are required to treat the information as confidential.
Paybis.com website belongs to Paybis LTD, Company number SC533961.
Our address is: Buchanan Street, Edinburgh, EH6 8RB, UK
Our official email address is: [email protected]
Phone numbers: +371-24813381;
The security measures in place will, from time to time, be reviewed in line with legal and technical developments.
Retention of Personal Information
We will hold your Personal Information only for as long as it is necessary for us to do so, having regard to the purposes described in this Privacy Policy and our own legal and regulatory requirements. In accordance with our record keeping obligations we will retain Accounts and Personal Information for at least a period of five years after they are closed by Members.
Links
There may be links from our Site to other sites and resources provided by third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to our Site. Accessing those third party sites or sources requires you to leave our Site. We do not control those third party sites or any of the content contained therein and you agree that we are in no way responsible or liable for any of those third party sites, including, without limitation, their content, policies, failures, promotions, products, services or actions and/or any damages, losses, failures or problems caused by, related to or arising from those sites. We encourage you to review all policies, rules, terms and regulations, including the privacy policies, of each site that you visit.
Marketing
You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Information for marketing purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your Personal Information. You can exercise the right at any time by contacting us at [email protected]
Changes
Our Site policies, content, information, promotions, disclosures, disclaimers and features may be revised, modified, updated, and/or supplemented at any time and without prior notice at the sole and absolute discretion of PAYBIS.COM. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will take steps to notify all users by a notice on our Site and will post the amended Privacy Policy on the Site.
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices as it or they relate to the Paybis.com, please contact us at [email protected]
Continue
PayBis LTD, 35/3 Buchanan Street, Edinburgh, EH6 8RB, UK
© 2014-2018 Paybis.com, all rights reserved.
×
×
Ad blocking detected!
Ad blocking plug-in is preventing our website from working properly (we do not run any ads, ad-block confict with some of our code preventing users from making payments)
Please disable ad blocking plug-ins in your browser (AdBlock, Ad Muncher, AdwCleaner, PopupBlocker, etc.).
 
We use cookies to improve your online experience. Our cookie policy
