The National Democratic Training Committee cares about your privacy rights, and about providing you with the information you need in order to protect them. Accordingly, we've created this policy to explain our privacy practices. This applies to www.TrainDemocrats.org only.
 
Information Collected About You
We collect a variety of Personal Information about those who register on our site, make contributions through our site or use other functions or features on the site. “Personal Information” is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity such as (but not limited to) a name, address, telephone number, credit card information, bank account information, e-mail address, or information about activities that are directly linked to that person.
We collect information you give us when you register on our site, contact us, or make an online contribution. For example, when making a contribution, in addition to providing us your name, address, occupation and name of employer, you will need to provide us a billing address and credit card or bank account information, and answer a series of brief questions to make sure we may legally accept your contribution. When registering on the site, you may be asked for demographic information.
 
Network And Information Security
We employ a variety of physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your Personal Information. For example, we use commercially reasonable tools and techniques to protect against unauthorized access to our systems. Also, we restrict access to Personal Information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide services to you. In addition, we work to protect the security of your Personal Information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input and allows you to view your information in a secure manner.
 
Disclosure Of Personal Information
Information about our registered users, donors and web site visitors are some of our most important assets, and therefore we keep it confidential. Personal information is made available to others for the following, limited purposes:
To Comply with Campaign Finance Laws. We are often required to disclose information regarding our contributions to comply with campaign finance laws. For example, federal law requires us to use our best efforts to collect and report the name, mailing address, occupation and name of employer of individuals whose contributions aggregate in excess of $200 in a calendar year.
To Carry Out Your Requests. We also may be required to disclose personal information in order to carry out your requests when you use the site. For example, we will share personal information with third parties as necessary to complete a donation transaction or to deliver an e-mail to someone you have identified or when we disclose your return address as part of the service.
To Protect You and Ourselves. We release personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena), to protect our rights or property, or to protect our donors and supporters from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful conduct, or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay. 
 
Online Privacy Protection
 
Cookies
 
Web Beacons 
 
Third Party Advertisements 
 
Children's Online Privacy Protection Act
 
Links To Other Sites
 
Updating This Policy
 
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or concerns, please contact us by e-mail at [email protected] , or at the mailing address listed below:
National Democratic Training Committee
Washington , DC 20036
©
