Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which ListenOnRepeat collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Users (each, a "User") of the listenonrepeat.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by ListenOnRepeat. ListenOnRepeat.com is provided by ListenOnRepeat Inc., registered at 305 East 4th St. Apt 4, New York , NY 10009.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, fill out a form and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, their name and email address.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users, means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
ListenOnRepeat collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience
We may use your information to provide a personalized user experience based on your previous usage of the site.
To authenticate users
We may use your information to authenticate your access to the site based on previous registration.
To improve our Site
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To send periodic emails
The email address Users provide may be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
Legitimate interests
We use session cookies and psuedorandom user identifiers in order to allow browser access of the site and maintenance of simple user-accessible 'historic' site usage.
Automated decision making
We may process your information using automated systems in order to fulfil the purposes outlined above
Third party information
We may collect data from third parties (included but not limited to Google, Facebook) when a user opts-in to authenticate to the site via the officially provided OAuth APIs for these services. All information collected must be accepted by the user during the registration process via the OAuth registration flow
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here .
Notwithstanding any other provision, we may also engage a third party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them interest-based content and advertisements. We may share information about you with our partners such as your name, postal address, email, or other identifier and may do so non-human readable form to ensure the security of your information. Our partners also may collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, information about your browser or operating system, and depending on your device settings, your geographic location data, including GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device; may combine our personal and non-personal information about you with information from other sources; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. To opt-out of third party cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices or Your Online Choices at http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/ . To opt-out of the use of your mobile device ID for targeted advertising, please see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices .
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html .
Data subject rights
Data subjects have a number of rights in line with international guidance, including:
The right to be informed
The right of access
The right to rectification
The right to erasure
The right to object
Data retention
We may retain your personal data as long as we deem it necessary for the purposes the information was obtained for.
Data processing location
In order to offer the site to users, data may be collected and transmitted outside of the European Economic Area (EEA). Data may be stored and processed on servers outside of the EEA in line with expected security standards and policies.
YouTube Privacy Policy
As a YouTube API client, ListenOnRepeat uses the YouTube API Services. We do not collect any authorized data or user information data from the YouTube APIs.
Please refer to the YouTube Privacy Policy for further details of how YouTube may use or store your data, available at http://www.google.com/policies/privacy .
Changes to this privacy policy
ListenOnRepeat has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
