Your information is safe with us. At Nuts.com, we take the protection of       your privacy very seriously. We use the information we collect strictly to       improve the quality of your shopping experience and never rent, trade, or sell       your private information to others. We use the highest SSL       encryption standards available and offer a safe       shopping guarantee .
We collect and store information that you provide to us when you create an       account, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, provide us with your       email address for any other purpose, and interact with us on social media and       third party web sites. Collected information includes information that you       input, such as your email address, your name, your telephone number, your       credit card information, and your mailing address.
In addition, our site uses cookies, which are anonymized unique identifiers       for your device that allow us to provide certain features (such as your cart)       and personalize your experience. Your browser allows you to opt out of       cookies. We sometimes also use cookies and pixels to keep you informed on       third party web sites such as Google about products that we think you might       find interesting. You can opt out of these ads by managing preferences at Digital Ad Alliance .
We never sell customer information, and we never share your information       except with companies and individuals that we employ. They can only use       information for the purposes for which we employ them, and must take all       measures necessary to keep the information private and secure. Examples       include delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, analyzing       aggregated data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and       links (including paid listings and links), and processing credit card       payments. We may release personal information when we believe release is       required to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety       of Nuts.com, our users, or others.
Any privacy concerns should be directed to care@nuts.com . We take all privacy concerns       very seriously and will respond appropriately and quickly. Our customers have       been our number one priority since 1929 and will       continue to be our first priority into the future.
Sign up for our newsletter
Receive limited, email-only offers.
First name (we like to say hi!):
(We hate junk mail and spam just like you and will never give your email address to anyone. You can unsubscribe at any time.)
Jeffrey's Picks
First name (we like to say hi!):
(We hate junk mail and spam just like you and will never give your email address to anyone. You can unsubscribe at any time.)
We love to socialize Come join us on social media!
guaranteed
If you experience a problem with any of our products, customer service, shipping, or even if you just plain don't like what you bought, please let us know.
We'll do whatever it takes to make it right.
© Copyright 1999-2018 Nuts.com
