Effective May 11, 2018
For purposes of this document “UP” is defined as “UP Entertainment”, along with its subsidiaries, affiliates, successors and assigns.
We are committed to respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the UP websites (individually and collectively referred to as the “Site”) that link to this Policy, wherever you access the Site, regardless of the platform or device used.  If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site to which this Privacy Policy is linked. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By accessing and using the Site, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy.
1. What Types of Information We Collect
UP collects information from and about you and how you use the Site in order to provide you with the best experience on the Site. We collect information in the following ways:
Information You Provide: When you visit the Site, you may be asked to provide information that identifies you, like your name, social media handles, email address, or other standard contact information, of if you purchase a product or service from us, this information may include credit card or other financial information (collectively, “Personal Information”). Additionally, you may provide us with certain demographic information about yourself, such as your gender, race and birthday (collectively, “Demographic Information”). We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with information regarding, for example, your personal or professional interests, experiences with the services we provide and contact preferences (collectively, “Other Information”). If we use any of your Demographic Information or Other Information in combination with your Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Information Collected From Your Use of the Site: We collect information about the Site and how visitors use the Site and the services we provide, such as when you interact with videos, content and ads on the Site (“Usage Information”). If we use any of your Usage Information in combination with your Personal Information, we will treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
Usage Information includes:
Device information. We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information, including phone number).
Browsing information. This includes the URL that referred you to the Site, the areas within the Site that you visit, how long you spend on the Site, and the time of day of your visit.
IP Address. An IP address is a string of numbers associated with the device you use to access the Internet.
Location Information. When you use the Site, we may collect and process information about your exact location. We use various technologies to determine location, including IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers.
Information Collected from Cookies and Other Technologies: UP and our partners use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit the Site in order to identify your browser or device, and to enhance your visit.
Cookies. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies.
Mobile identifiers. We may use software development kits (“SDKs”) or mobile advertising identifiers (i.e., IDFA on Apple mobile devices or Advertising ID on Android mobile devices), which function similarly to cookies on mobile devices. You may reset your IDFA or Advertising ID in the settings on your mobile device.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons may be included in our web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Site, to monitor how users navigate the Site, to make cookies more effective, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed.
Information We Receive from Social Networks and Other Third Parties: When you engage with our content on social networking sites or applications you may allow us to have access to information from your social media profile, such as your name, gender, email address, birthday, location, photos, videos and the posts or the “likes” you make.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We will not sell, rent or lease your Personal Information to others without your consent, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. In general, the information you provide will be used to support your customer relationship with UP. We may use the information you provided about yourself to fulfill your requests for programs and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to enable you to participate in contests and sweepstakes; to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of the Site, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information. We may also use the information to improve the design or content of our Sites, and to analyze the usage of our Sites or content. Accordingly, we or selected partners approved by us may send you direct mailings or contact you by telephone about our various products and services or other products and services we feel may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply opt out by the means provided for (if any) in the mailings or by contacting viewerservices@UPtv.com .
When you provide information from your social media account you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy policy statement. When you provide personally identifiable information to us through an application, on our Sites, or on third party social networking sites, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Company does research on our users’ demographics, interests and behavior based on the information provided to us during your use of this Site. This research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. Aggregated data does not include personally identifiable information. Company may share this aggregated data with others. Company also may combine your information with information we collect or receive from other companies and sources (such as demographic data) to improve and personalize our services.
Who Do We Share Information With
We may share the information you provide or the information we gather from third parties to any party with your consent or, in any event, to our affiliated companies (including UP Faith & Family, LLC and Aspire Channel, LLC), subsidiaries, agents, contractors and our business partners. We also may share information with the following groups:
(a) businesses which we do not control but with which we engage in co-branded offerings or other transactions;
(b) third-party service providers in order to facilitate the performance of only those functions which are assigned to them, such as order fulfillment, data analysis, marketing assistance, provision of search results and links, credit card payment processing, and customer service;
(c) entities with which we may merge or which may acquire all or substantially all of our assets, as customer information likely will be one of the transferred assets;
(d) social networks, due to certain interactions with the Site or with us. Some of this information sharing will be governed by the applicable social media network’s privacy policy. Please review such policy before using our Site;
(e)  We may work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks for multiple purposes, including the offering of products and services that may interest you. These third parties may receive information about how you interact with content and advertising provided on the Site. These third parties may view, edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies, which will allow them to collect information about you. These third parties may also link the data collected from you across the various browsers and devices you may use to access the Site in order to serve you personalized advertising based on your interests and activities on the Site;
(f)  We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (a “Promotion”) that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list; and
(g) In addition, if we believe it is necessary, we may disclose information collected from you in order to: (a) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, and violations of the Terms of Use, (b) respond to legal process, for example, in response to a subpoena or court order, (c) respond to a law enforcement agency’s request, (d) verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Sites and applicable laws and (e) establish or exercise our legal rights, defend against legal claims, and as otherwise required or permitted by law.
Your Control Over Your Information
Email communications. When you receive promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional email you receive or by contacting us directly at viewerservices@uptv.com .  Regardless of your indicated email preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding the Site, including, for example, notices of updates to our Terms or this Privacy Policy.
Update or delete your Account information. If you wish to verify, correct, update or delete any of the Personal Information provided to us in connection with a personal account on the Site, you may do so by editing it on your associated account page. Please note that we may be required (by applicable law or otherwise) to keep the outdated information and not delete it (or to keep the outdated information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). You should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data remaining in our archives because of backups and other reasons.
Opt-out of targeted advertising. If you prefer to not receive targeted advertising, you can opt-out of some network advertising programs that use your information. Below are the steps you can take to opt-out of targeted advertising:
Visit the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Opt-Out Page (http://www.aboutads.info/choices). The DAA Opt-Out Page provides a tool that identifies its member companies that have Cookies on your browser and provides links to those companies.
If you wish to opt out of our Google AdWords remarketing, you can do so by visiting the Google Ad Preferences Manager .
If you are using one of our mobile applications, you can download App Choices (http://youradchoices.com/appchoices), which will allow you to opt-out of in-app tracking. You can also adjust the privacy settings on your mobile device by visiting the settings tab. If you wish to opt-out of cross-device tracking, you will need to opt-out of in app tracking on all of your devices.
Update the privacy settings in the help section of your browser, or in the settings tab on your mobile device.
You may also click on the ad choices icon in the advertisement.
You may opt out of additional third party advertising networks by going to the Network Advertising Initiative’s Website (http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and following the directions provided.
Additionally, many network advertising programs allow you to view and manage the interest categories they have compiled from your online browsing activities. These interest categories help determine the types of targeted advertisements you may receive.
Please note that even if you choose to remove your information or “opt-out,” you will still see advertisements while you are browsing online; however, those advertisements will no longer be tailored to your interests. Additionally, information regarding your usage of the online services may still be collected for research, analytics or internal operations purposes. We are not responsible for the effectiveness of any such opt-out options.
Cookies. The “Help” feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, and how to disable existing cookies. For more information about HTTP cookies and how to disable them, or restrict the categories of cookies you wish to accept, you can consult the information at www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/ . Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit the Site. Please note, however, that without cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all the Site and some parts of the TV One Digital Services may not function properly.
Consent to Processing and Transfer of Information
UP is a United States company and the Site is provided from the United States. If you are a user who resides outside the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Site, or providing us with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other applicable countries in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as or equivalent to, those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen
What else should I know about my privacy?
Third-party web sites and services accessible through this Site have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of us. We have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions. Please be careful and responsible online. If you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. While we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information through the transmission process, and any transmission by you of information is done at your own risk.
Children.
Children under the age of 13 years may not provide any personal information, including name, physical and e-mail address, telephone number, or any other information that allows others to contact them physically or electronically, to us via any of our services without verifiable parental consent.  We does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for use of any of our services. In the event we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete such information as quickly as possible.
Security.
We use our best efforts to protect your Personal Information and, to that end, use tools such as encryption, passwords, and physical security to protect your personal information against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, no web site can be absolutely secure. Third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from this Site. Therefore, although we work very hard to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain absolutely private.
How Do We Respond to Do Not Track signals?
At this time we do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms which may include do not track instructions. However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser settings. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from accessing the full features offered on this Site. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.
Updates and Effective Date
Visitors will be notified of changes to this privacy policy via prominent language on the Site. The Privacy Policy posted to this Site was updated on May 11, 2018.
Other legal notices.
Any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of the law of the state of Georgia.
 
Join the UP Email List!
We'll never share your email address and you can opt out any time.
Sign Up
