1. WELCOME
Logan’s Roadhouse, Inc. (“We,” “Us,” “Our,” or “Logan’s”) operates this website, http://www.logansroadhouse.com/ (“Site”). This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) is applicable to you (“User,” “You,” or “Your”). This Privacy Policy informs all Users of Our practices of collecting, maintaining, using, disclosing, and protecting User information. This Privacy Policy is effective upon Your access and use of Our Site, and the terms that follow describe the type(s) of information that We may collect from You or that You may provide when You visit and use this Site. All Users should read this Privacy Policy carefully before using the Site. By accessing and/or using the Site, You accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy and Our “Terms of Use,” found at http://www.logansroadhouse.com/terms , which are hereby incorporated by reference. If You do not agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, then do not use this Site. Note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and Your continued use of the Site, after We have made changes to the terms, is considered acceptance of those changes. It is Your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy for updates.
2. COPPA COMPLIANCE NOTICE
This Site is intended as a general audience commercial website. It is not directed to children. Children are not eligible to utilize the services within this Site. We do not knowingly collect, nor do we seek nor intend to collect, any information personal, or otherwise, from children under the age of thirteen (13) years old. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), which applies to websites that direct their services to children under the age of thirteen (13), please visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website https://www.ftc.gov/tips-advice/business-center/guidance/complying-coppa-frequently-asked-questions .
3. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT
We obtain information about Users of the Site in order to conduct Our business, to develop comprehensive Site statistics, to serve Our customers better, and for other business-related purposes.
We collect information about Users, including but not limited to: (a) use of the Site that does not identify an individual User, (b) Internet connections, (c) computer equipment, (d) web browsers, (e) websites visited before entering Site, (f) websites visited after leaving Site, (g) IP addresses, and (f) other similar information about traffic and usage, collectively “Non-Personal Information.”
We also collect information that You provide to Us through forms on this Site, for example, when You fill out our “Join the Club” form, when you fill out our “Contact Us” form, or when you complete the information required to purchase a “Logan’s Roadhouse® Gift Card.” We also collect information through any correspondence that You provide to Us whether through standard mail, e-mail, or phone call(s). Information that You provide might include, but is not limited to the following: (a) first and last names, (b) demographic information, (c) mailing address, (d) e-mail address, (e) phone number, (f) credit card number, and (g) other information, collectively “Personal Information.”
 
Cookies, Anonymous Identifiers, Web Beacons, and Other Internet Tracking Technology. We utilize Cookies, Anonymous Identifiers, Web Beacons, and other Internet tracking technology to collect information from Your computer.
A “Cookie” is a data file that is created and stored on Your computer’s hard drive when You visit Our Site. An “Anonymous Identifier” is a random string of characters that is used for similar reasons as Cookies.
We use Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers to become more familiar with Users through the study of analytics. Some portions of this Site require the use of Cookies for proper function. Anonymous Identifiers can be used where Cookie technology is not available. You may refuse to accept Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on Your web browser. If You select this setting, You may be unable to access certain parts of Our Site. Unless You have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, We will issue Cookies when You direct Your browser to our Site.
 
5. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES RELATED TO INFORMATION COLLECTION
Google Analytics. We have enabled Google Analytics to collect data about our traffic through the use of Google Advertising Cookies and other Anonymous Identifiers. We use Google Analytics Cookies and other Cookies to compile data to better understand Users and provide Users with a more tailored experience. You can opt out of Google Analytics by visiting Google’s Opt-Out Browser Add-on website .
Google AdWords. We use Google AdWords to provide advertisements across the Internet that direct Users to Our Site. We might also utilize Google’s remarketing technology that enables Users who have shown interest in Our Site to see targeted advertising on sites associated with the Google network. These ads are typically displayed using Cookie technology. You can learn more about Google’s use of Cookies and how to manage your “Ads Settings,” by visiting Google’s Ads Settings website . Facebook. We use Facebook’s marketing software and technology, such as the Facebook Pixel, to advertise to Our Users and to monitor their interests in Our products and services. You can learn more about Facebook’s privacy and data management policies at its website.
Twitter. We use Twitter’s marketing software and technology, such as the Twitter tracking pixel, to advertise to Our Users and to monitor their interests in Our products and services. You can learn more about Twitter’s Support Page at its website.
Emma. We use Emma to manage our “Logan’s Roadhouse® Club” subscriptions and related promotions. We use Emma’s e-mail marketing services to send mass communication e-mails to Users. We track how Users open these e-mails and what links they click so that We can better serve customers with products and information that they find relevant. When You “subscribe” to the Club mailing list, You agree to receive e-mail advertisements and other information from Us. Upon receiving an e-mail from Us, You may choose to opt-out of future e-mail messages, in accordance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 by clicking the opt-out or unsubscribe option at the bottom of Our e-mails and following Emma’s simple opt-out procedure. We also monitor Our customer’s preferences through Emma’s software and integrations with Our social media platforms and this Site. You can learn more about Emma’s privacy policies by visiting its website.
ServiceCheck. We use ServiceCheck to facilitate and enhance Our customer service communications. We receive customer feedback through the ServiceCheck software, and We monitor Our customer’s preferences through ServiceCheck’s software and integrations with Our social media platforms and this Site. You can learn more about ServiceCheck by visiting its website .
OTHER
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. In addition to the applications listed above, there might be other content or applications on this Site served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, social media websites, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use Cookies alone or in conjunction with Web Beacons or other Internet tracking technologies to collect information about You when You use Our Site. The information they collect may be associated with Your Personal Information or they may collect information, including Personal Information, about Your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. You can learn more about opting out of third-party vendors’ use(s) of Cookies by visiting the “Network Advertising Initiative” website http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
6. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION
We collect and processes information about Users in order to conduct business, to inform and make available products and services that may be of interest to Users, and for the development of web statistics and User profiles. For example, We might make use of User information to enhance, improve, operate, maintain, and update this Site (including but not limited to, Our programs, Our services, and Our systems). We might utilize User information to prevent fraudulent use of this Site, or to maintain a record of Our relationship, interactions, and transactions with You. The information Users provide will be used to contact Users from time to time, for example to notify a User about functionality changes to the Site or terms changes to this Policy, and to offer goods or services that Users may find helpful (provided the User has not opted out of receiving such notices). We also use Your information to:
Deliver any products or services requested by You
Manage and attend to Our relationship with You
Research, analyze, study, and review Your use of Our products or services
Communicate with You
Develop and deliver targeted advertisements to Users
Measure, assess, analyze, and review the efficacy of Our advertising, this Site’s content, Our services and products, and other related assessments
Perform Our obligations and enforce Our rights
 
7. DISCLOSURE AND EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION
You may elect to provide information on Our Site for the purposes of making a product purchase. You may provide information on Our Site for the purposes of obtaining more information or product promotions from Us. When You purchase a “Physical Gift Card” or when you buy an “E-Gift Card,” when you send Your information to us through the “Join Our Club” form, or when You enter Your information into the “Contact Us” form, You are consenting to release any provided information and/or data to Us or to a third party. Likewise, by submitting Your information through Our Site, You are consenting to receive e-mail information from Us. We reserve the right to disclose Your information in accordance with our business standards and business judgment. We may disclose aggregated information about You without restriction. We may disclose Personal Information that We collect and/or that You provide to any of our affiliates, to third-party contractors and service providers with whom We have contractual relationships, to other third parties that We hire to serve Our business’ interests, and/or to any buyer or successor in the event of a merger, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of title. We may disclose any of Your information in order to comply with any court order, law, legal demand, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
8. CALIFORNIA USERS
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits Users of this Site who are California residents to request certain information regarding Our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes (namely, a list of what Personal Information (if any) We have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties). If You are a California resident, and You would like to make such a request, please send an e-mail to marketing@logansroadhouse.com. You may also write a letter to: ATTENTION: California “Shine the Light Law” Logan’s Roadhouse, Inc. 3011 Armory Drive, Suite 300 Nashville, TN 37204
9. DATA SECURITY
Although Logan’s uses reasonable security measures, designed to protect Your Personal Information, no data security measures are guaranteed to be completely effective. We are not responsible for any circumvention of security or privacy measures deployed on this Site. Furthermore, it is common knowledge that transmission of information via the Internet is not wholly secure, and We cannot guarantee the security of Your Personal Information transmitted to Our Site. Any transmission of Personal Information is at Your own risk. By continuing to use this Site, You acknowledge and accept these risks.
10. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As iterated above, We will make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. It is Our custom to provide notification on this page when We make material changes. The date that this Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring that You periodically visit Our Site and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
11. CONTACT US
   
GET  $5 OFF
Subscribers will receive exclusive offers, first looks at new menu items, and news about all of the events happening at your Logan’s
