Introduction
Thank you for visiting the ADOT website and reviewing our Privacy Statement. This statement is included to inform you about information that could be collected online as a result of visiting the ADOT website and not as a result of following a link from our website to any other website. All individual websites of Arizona state agencies are required to contain a privacy statement that describes what information is being obtained online, how that information will be used and what steps are being taken to ensure the security of customer data. Your right to privacy is of utmost importance to the state of Arizona in building trust and confidence when conducting business through the Internet.
Online Customer Service and Alternatives
ADOT offers many of the services online that you might otherwise transact in person, by phone or by mail. Our goal is to provide citizens with a more convenient and efficient means of interacting with our agency. If at any time you choose not to proceed with an online transaction, your choice will in no way affect your ability to receive our services by other methods.
Collection and Use of Information
Information Collected and Stored Automatically
The Web servers that host ADOT's website automatically gather specific information about the visit. While this information never identifies you personally, it does consist of
the Internet domain from which you access the website (for example, "xcompany.com" if you use a private Internet access account, or "yourschool.edu" if you connect from a university's domain).
the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you access the website (an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Web).
the date and time of your access.
We use this information to gather statistics about the amount of use the site receives. Again, we do not record information about you as an individual. ADOT does not share, sell or otherwise disseminate this information. In some limited cases, ADOT may offer customers the option of using "cookies" to facilitate navigation of the website. The cookies only hold the user's login name and encrypted password. Users may delete their cookies at any time. Cookies will automatically expire after a certain period of inactivity.
Information You Provide
Information collected from an application submitted online will be treated in the same manner as the information collected from an application submitted on a hard copy to ADOT. Please know that the information you disclose to the agency will generally become a matter of public record pursuant to ARS § 39-121 , et seq., which means that ADOT may be required to provide certain information in response to a public records request or in response to a warrant, subpoena or other court order.
Please be assured that your personal information will be held in strict confidence while ADOT processes your online transaction. ADOT will not share, sell or otherwise disseminate this information to any outside person or entity, except as required or authorized by law.
Redacted customers should be aware, however, that use of this website will not be protected under the redaction program.
If you have any questions or comments regarding how ADOT will use the information you submit online, please forward them to us . Any comments collected are subject to the protections of this Privacy Statement.
Information Collected from Children
By statute, all state agencies must comply with the Children's Online Privacy Policy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"), requiring parental consent before collecting any personal information from any individual under the age of 13.
Security
ADOT and its consultants have taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its computer systems and networks. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, ADOT employs industry standard methods to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. These steps include but are not limited to, individual authentication, the security of transmitted data, security monitoring, auditing and encryption of information.
Other External Links Disclaimer
ADOT's website contains links to various other websites. When you link to another site, you are no longer on the ADOT website and this Privacy Statement no longer applies. Rather, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site. Links to websites outside of Arizona state government are offered solely for your convenience. ADOT is not responsible for and has no control over the policies or content of any third-party sites.
Contact Information
If you have any questions or comments about the information presented here, please let us know . Any comments collected are subject to the protections of this Privacy Statement.
MVD Services
The Arizona Ombudsman – Citizens Aide helps you resolve ongoing issues with State Agencies.
Pursuant to Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) and other nondiscrimination laws and authorities, ADOT does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, age, or disability. Persons that require a reasonable accommodation based on language or disability should contact ADOT’s Civil Rights Office at civilrightsoffice@azdot.gov . Requests should be made as early as possible to ensure the State has an opportunity to address the accommodation.
De acuerdo con el Título VI de la Ley de Derechos Civiles de 1964, la Ley de Estadounidenses con Discapacidades (ADA por sus siglas en inglés) y otras normas y leyes antidiscriminatorias, el Departamento de Transporte de Arizona (ADOT) no discrimina por motivos de raza, color, origen nacional, sexo, edad o discapacidad. Las personas que requieran asistencia (dentro de lo razonable) ya sea por el idioma o discapacidad deben ponerse en contacto con la Oficina de Derechos Civiles de ADOT en civilrightsoffice@azdot.gov . Las solicitudes deben hacerse lo más antes posible para asegurar que el Estado tenga la oportunidad de hacer los arreglos necesarios.
