0 item(s) - £0.00
0
Search:
Search
Privacy Notice
Last updated: 16/5/2018 
RLJ Entertainment Ltd (“RLJE”) respects your right to privacy.  This Privacy Notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights.  This Privacy Notice only applies to personal information that we collect through our website at www.acorndvd.com .  For personal information that we collect when you use or interact with our services, please see our services privacy notice at https://www.acorndvd.com/privacy-policy
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, then please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this Privacy Notice.
What does RLJE do?
RLJE is a home entertainment company with European headquarters in London, England, but with group companies all around the world. 
 
What personal information does RLJE collect and why?
The personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
Information that you provide voluntarily
Certain parts of our Website may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us.  The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
Information that we collect automatically
When you visit our Website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device.  In some countries, including countries in the European Economic Area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.
Specifically, the information we collect automatically may include information like your IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information.  We may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our Website, including the pages accessed and links clicked. 
Collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Website, where they come from, and what content on our Website is of interest to them.  We use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our Website to our visitors.
Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “Cookies and similar tracking technology” below.
Information that we obtain from third party sources
From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (including Epsilon Abacus), but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us. 
 
Who does RLJE share my personal information with?
We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
To our group companies, third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our Website), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this Privacy Notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information. A list of our current group companies is available here https://www.rljentertainment.com/ .
A list of our current service providers and partners;
Epsilon Abacus will receive a copy of your transactional information and they use this information to share your personal date to other trusted retail partners in their data alliance. By trusted retail partners, we mean companies operating in the clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gadgets & entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, and home interiors categories.To find out about the value to you of sharing data, click here ( benefits of sharing data ) to watch a video. www.epsilonabacus.com
Ecomus provide Acorn IT support and secure encryption of your data on our servers.   https://www.ecomus.co.uk
Barclaycard for credit card transactions, we transmit name and address information to verify the card being used is registered at the home address of the account purchasing goods. https://www.barclaycard.co.uk/business
One Post process our mailing lists, they mailsort, de-dupe and suppress our mailing lists, we always dedupe prospect mailings against a MPS and a Bereavement list. https://www.onepost.co.uk/
Priority pack/wrap our catalogues and release them to the Royal Mail for delivery to your door. http://www.priority.co.uk/
MRM are our product distribution company who receive your order from Acorn, package your items and release into the Royal Mail for delivery to your door. https://hello.mrm.co.uk/
To any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
To a potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this Privacy Notice;
 
Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA visitors only)
If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. 
However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.  In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information). 
Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
 
Cookies and similar tracking technology
 
How does RLJE keep my personal information secure?
 
International data transfers
Your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident.  These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
Specifically, our Website servers are located in England, however our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world.  This means that when we collect your personal information we may process it in any of these countries.
 
Data retention
We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Updates to this Privacy Notice
We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make.  We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Notice changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws.
You can see when this Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Notice. 
How to contact us
If you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact our data protection officer using the following details: data@acornmedia.com .  
 
 
Blog
Subscribe
@Appyfarmgirl Hi Carol, thanks for getting in touch. We don’t currently have plans to release this title but will p… https://t.co/O2iN2jnPw9
@AcornMedia @LoveHeartJenna @WaterlooRoad Hi everyone, we no longer hold the rights for the show, you may wish to g… https://t.co/XLuKAwILvM
Secured by
Payment methods
Cookie Policy
This website uses cookies to enable operation of the cart and your account. By continuing to use the website you agree to the use of these essential cookies. In addition, we use a number of third party cookies to enhance your experience. Please accept or decline these cookies below. Click here to learn about cookie settings.
Accept Third Party Cookies
Decline Third Party Cookies
