We here at DVDcover.Com respect your privacy. Your privacy is of paramount importance to us and we are always committed to safeguarding it.
DVDCover.Com does not collect any personal information about you such as your name, address, phone number or email ID without your knowledge. When you provide your email ID while contacting us using  contact page , we never share it with anyone. We only use it to respond to your email.
This site uses cookies – small text files that are placed on your machine to help the site provide a better user experience. In general, cookies are used to retain user preferences, store information for things like shopping carts, and provide anonymised tracking data to third party applications like Google Analytics. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers
We measure visitors to our website using Google Analytics. This records what pages you view within our site, how you arrived at our site and some basic information about your computer. All of that information is anonymous – so we don’t know who you are; just that somebody visited our site.
The information we collect from analytics helps us understand what parts of our sites are doing well, how people arrive at our site and so on. Like most websites, we use this information to make our website better.
Since we use third-party advertisements on this website such as Google Adsense , these ad companies can use cookies or web beacons to collect some information about your visit to serve ads of interest to you.
You can use Ads Settings to manage the Google ads you see and opt out of interest-based ads. Even if you opt out of interest-based ads, you may still see ads based on factors such as your general location derived from your IP address, your browser type and recent, previous searches related to your current search.
You can also manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising at the US-based aboutads.info choices  page or the EU-based Your Online Choices .
Comments
Last 7 Days – 10 Popular Covers
Copyright © 2018 DVDCover.Com
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Reject Read More
error: Content is protected !!
