Privacy and Security
Privacy and Security
Mautic has created this Privacy and Security Policy to apply to all our cloud-based services (the “Services”) marketed here on Mautic.com. The goal of this policy is to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy and data security of:
Visitors to the Mautic.com website and any sub-domains of this site
Users of the Mautic Cloud marketing automation platform (Pro customers and Free users)
Our customers's contacts that are stored in their Mautic Cloud accounts
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy explains how information about our site visitors, our customers, and our customers' contacts is collected, used and disclosed by Mautic (collectively, “Mautic,” “we”, “us”, or “our”) when you use our website, or when you otherwise interact with us. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personally identifiable information and how you can access and update this information. To make this policy easy to find, we make it available on every page of this website. This policy does not apply to third-parties whose actions Mautic does not control, including but not limited to any third-party websites and services.
Mautic reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make modifications, we will notify you by revising the Most Recently Updated Date at the bottom of this Policy, or we may notify customers via email. We encourage you to review this Policy so you are informed about our practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information by Mautic
Information that site visitors may choose to provide to Mautic via our website
On this website, we collect information that you provide to us directly. For example, we collect information when you create an account, participate in any interactive features of the Services, fill out a form, pay for subscriptions, apply for a job, communicate with us via third party social media sites, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. Such Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) may include your name, email address, company name, phone number and any other requested information which you choose to provide. Mautic, Inc. makes every effort to maintain GDPR-compliance in our internal marketing operations.
Information Mautic collects automatically through customers’ use of our Services
We automatically collect some information when you access or use our Services. This information is stored in log files and may include, but is not limited to, Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We do not monitor or log data collected from your servers when using the Services, but we log information about your access to our Services. We collect this information to improve marketing, analytics and Services functionality. We do not sell or rent this data with any third party, and we share this data only with third-party service providers that are necessary to administer the Services. Technologies such as cookies, tags and scripts are used by Mautic, and help us analyze usage trends and gather aggregated, anonymized information about our user base as a whole. Cookies are used to remember users’ form-submitted information, though users can control the use of cookies within their web browser. If you reject cookies, you can still use our Services, but some features or areas of our Services may be limited.
Our Website includes social media features, such as the “share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the company providing them. We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. Mautic, Inc. makes every effort to maintain GDPR-compliance in our internal operations.
Information Mautic collects on behalf of our customers about their contacts
As part of the configuration and setup of our Services, customers can choose whether they want to use Mautic to collect & track information about their contacts. The type and amount of information collected about their contacts is determined by the customer. If the customer chooses to use Mautic to collect & track information about their contacts, Mautic will employ technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts.
Mautic enables customers to collect and store Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”), which may include contacts' names, email addresses, phone numbers, job titles, company names and any other PII which our customers choose to request. Mautic does not recommend or support that customers store financial- or health-related information about their contacts or site visitors in their Mautic Cloud account. If a customer chooses to collect and store any protected health information (PHI) or financial information in their Mautic Cloud account, the customer acknowledges that Mautic, Inc. shall be held blameless. The customer takes complete responsibility for this decision, and any resulting outcomes related to information security of their contacts.
Mautic does not rent or sell information collected about our site visitors, customers or customers' contacts. Information that Mautic collects will be shared only with its employees and best-of-breed infrastructure vendors who are absolutely necessary to deliver our Services. PII about our customers or their contacts cannot be seen or accessed by other Mautic customers, prospects or open source community members.
The Mautic Cloud platform enables customers to achieve GDPR compliance in their marketing automation efforts. Mautic Cloud Free users can view this GDPR Help Center article ; Mautic Cloud Pro customers can speak with their Customer Success Manager for hands-on assistance.
Use of Information by Mautic
Mautic may use the PII of our site visitors and customers for various purposes, including the following:
Provide customer service, including technical notices, updates, security alerts and support as well as responding to your inquiries, including sending requested materials;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs in order to provide, maintain and improve our Services;
Provide and deliver the products and services you request, process transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices,
Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events offered by Mautic, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;
Provide business information for Mautic, including for data analysis, audits, developing new products, etc.;
Detect, investigate and prevent fraud and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Mautic and others;
Personalize and improve the Services and provide marketing communications, content or features that are relevant to specific profiles; and
Carry out any other purpose indicated to you at the time the information was collected
Sharing of Information by Mautic
We may be required to transfer and disclose information, including PII, in response to lawful requests by public and governmental authorities and law enforcement agencies, including to comply with national security or law enforcement requirements.
We may also disclose your information: (i) if we believe it is necessary to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements or otherwise protect and defend the rights, property or safety of Mautic or that of our customers; (ii) to any entity that acquires any part of Mautic’s current operations by way of merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of stock or assets, or (iii) with your consent or at your direction. We may also share aggregated or anonymized information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
The Mautic Cloud platform (both the free and pro versions) does enable customers to achieve GDPR compliance in their marketing automation efforts. For further details on these capabilities, please see Mautic's GDPR page .
Questions, Concerns and Contact Information
Your privacy is important to us and Mautic has implemented industry-standard technical and administrative measures to protect your personal information. If you have any questions, concerns or complaints regarding the way we collect and handle your information, including if you have reason to believe that your personal information has been compromised, please contact us by email at privacy@mautic.com or by regular mail at 10 Cabot Road, Medford, MA 02155 ATTN: Privacy Team.
 
Security Policy
Mautic employs procedural and technological measures to help protect the PII of our customers, as well as the PII of their contacts. These measures are designed to prevent the loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of sensitive data, and they include, but are not limited to security penetration testing to make best efforts to protect against the top security vulnerabilities, such as the OWASP 10. Mautic also uses encryption, secure socket layer, firewall, password protection and other physical security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information including sensitive data.
Furthermore, Mautic places internal restrictions on which employees or agents within the company may access a customer's account to help prevent unauthorized access to PII of our customers or their contacts. These precautions take into account the risks involved in the processing, the nature of personally identifiable information, and best practices in the industry for security and data protection.
Furthermore, Mautic leverages a top-tier global hosting provider to deliver a highly scalable cloud-computing platform. This provides our customers with high availability, dependability and security, without compromising the flexibility we require to deliver solutions to our customers.
Most recently updated: May 2018
About
Mautic offers the world’s only open marketing cloud. This enables brands to integrate and personalize all their digital properties and channels into a seamless customer experience. With its modern approach to marketing automation, Mautic’s suite of tools enables marketers to deliver higher performing campaigns and content, and achieve superior results.
Menu
