Concerning Privacy In case Viewing Kickasstorrents.eu
Ones privacy is really important to us. What follows is a message telling you our web-based requirements. All the possibilities to employ the treatments and knowledge here tend to be absolutely your own private selection as well as every individual of the site is liable for their own doings.
Assortment of Non-public Data
Whenever checking out Kickasstorrents.eu site, the Ip that is used to arrive at the site is going to be logged combined with the times and dates. The data presented is merely used to investigate tendencies and isn’t shown to businesses.
3rd party sites
Internet users could find advertising and also other material on our website which connect with the sites and also services associated with our partners, manufacturers, advertisers, sponsors and other third parties. Unfortunately we cannot handle the material and also hyperlinks which show up on these internet websites and aren’t liable for the techniques utilized by websites linked to or from our Site. Additionally, these web sites or services, which include the information as well as hyperlinks, could be constantly changing.
Ads
Adverts appearing on our website might be transported to You through advertising partners, which might adjust cookies. All these cookies permit the advertisement host to identify your personal computer every time they give you an on-line advertising campaign in order to gather non individual recognition more knowledge about you or other individuals who use your computer system. This information allows advertising systems to, amongst other things, supply qualified adverts them to think will be of many awareness to you personally. This specific privacy policy does not include the effective use of cookies by any advertisers.
The approval of those terms
This content of this website may transform often. By using this Site, you stand for your approval of this privacy policy and also terms of use. If you don’t accept the privacy policy, make sure you do not employ our website.
Getting in touch with us
When you have inquiries regarding this Online Privacy Policy, the techniques on this web page, or perhaps the matters with this particular website, please e mail us.
This specific report was last updated on November 10, 2011
Recent
Contact from users
"I used to download music from different sources like youtube or beemp3, but after trying out this, I have never used anything else."
"Wow.. I never knew downloading speed could be so fast with my internet provider!"
"Best of the best! Kickass torrents still surprise me."
"What if one was able to get latest movies which were running in the cinema at that time? Well you have the answer right here, sweet :)"
"Thanks for the best quality and data, kick ass torrents!!"
"Kickass torrents will be the number one service real soon I think.."
