Product Finder
Top Products By Category
Security & Privacy
Muscle & Strength takes our customers' security and privacy very seriously. Below you'll find information on how we keep Muscle & Strength safe and secure, and how we protect your privacy. If you have any more questions please email us or call us toll free on 1-800-537-9910.
Is your website safe and secure?
Muscle & Strength is a 100% safe and secure place to do business. We take the security of our customers and users extremely seriously and go above and beyond to maintain the highest security levels.
GeoTrust 256bit SSL Encryption + Extended Validation
All transactions take place over an SSL 256bit encryption server connection. Once you are taken to the payment information page of our shopping cart, you will notice the lock or key in the address bar of your browser, indicating the transaction is being done over a secure server.
Muscle & Strength, LLC holds a GeoTrust® True BusinessID with EV (Extended Validation) premium business-class SSL security certificate, the highest level of authentication available among SSL certificates.
Your credit card will be processed by USAePay, one of the most trusted providers of gateway solutions for over 14 years. We do not store credit card information on web servers. Within seconds your credit card information is processed and deleted from our system.
As an extra measure of security, unless you're placing a phone order, we can NEVER see your full credit card number. We're only shown the last 4 digits by our Merchant Gateway (USAePay).
McAfee® SECURE™ 3rd Party Site Scanning
As an additional security measure Muscle & Strength servers are regularly scanned/tested by McAfee® SECURE™. These independent 3rd party tests are designed to further strengthen our server infrastructure.
The McAfee Secure Site seal (above) is only given to websites that pass a rigorous daily security scan. The Muscle & Strength servers are scanned every day by McAfee to ensure our customers' have a safe shopping experience. You can verify Muscle & Strength's security status by clicking the seal above. You'll also find the seal in the footer of every page of the site, in the shopping cart, and checkout.
Do you give out customer information?
Absolutely not. We strongly believe in the privacy of our customers and would never disclose or sell customer information. Some companies will sell customer information as a way to make extra cash, we will NEVER do that at Muscle & Strength.
Will you send me unsolicited email if I order?
Absolutely not! We hate getting spam as much as you do, and we'd NEVER do that to our customers. When you place an order with M&S you can expect to receive two emails. The first is a confirmation email to say we've received your order, and the second is a email notifying you that your order has shipped and giving you a tracking number.
You have the choice whether to receive newsletters and promotional email from us. If you do opt-in to receive email, and you decide you no longer want to receive it, simply click the link at the bottom of any email we send to unsubscribe.
I have an unauthorized charge on my account!
If you have an unauthorized charge on your bank statement please contact us as soon as possible on 1-800-537-9910 (int. +1-803-695-0558) or via email . As soon as we locate the transaction in your system, we'll refund the full amount if needed. We'll also block the account so that it cannot be used again.
If you would like to file a police with your local authorities, we would be more than happy to assist them with their case. Simply have the acting officer send a copy of the police report to [email protected] and we will provide them with any information we have pertaining to their case.
What is your privacy policy?
Our complete privacy policy can be found here . If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy we'd be happy to answer them for you. Please don't hesitate to call us at 1-800-537-9910 (international +1-803-695-0558) or send us an email here .
Build muscle, lose fat & stay motivated. Join 500,000+ newsletter subscribers!
Sign Up
THE TOOLS YOU NEED TO
BUILD THE BODY YOU WANT®
AmericanExpress-dark
