PRIVACY POLICY
Paycor, Inc. values your privacy, and is committed to providing exceptional client service and ease of mind that your business, financial and/or personal information is secure. We use reasonable care to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We have created this privacy statement with your privacy and security in mind. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site and for Paycor's mobile applications. Where appropriate, references to "this site", "our site", or "our Web site" include Paycor's mobile applications. This Privacy Statement may be revised from time to time without notice.
COLLECTING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Personal information is only collected when the visitor submits it. Generally, this information is requested when a visitor is asked to register before entering a limited-access site, or when the visitor requests information or contact from Paycor, Inc. The Client is responsible for maintaining correct information required for payroll processing.
COOKIES
In an effort to publish content visitors need and want, Paycor collects summative site-visitation statistics using cookies. A cookie is a piece of data that our Web site may provide to your browser or mobile device while you are at our site. We do not track individuals’ use of the site.
When a user visits our site, a cookie is placed on the visitor's machine (if the visitor accepts cookies) or is read if the visitor has accessed the site previously.
We do not use this technology to develop or access personally identifiable information about the visitor; it is a tool we use to compile statistics about our web site and mobile applications usage. We do not share this information outside of Paycor, and do not allow other companies to place technology on our site that would develop personally identifiable information.
If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the paycor.com web site, you will be able to view the text and graphics in the public web sites only. Limited-access sites require that the visitor's browser accept cookies.
EXTERNAL LINKS
This site contains links to other sites. Paycor is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
SECURITY
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We take a number of security precautions to ensure the integrity and confidentiality of our data. These precautions can be grouped as internal security and external security. Both security groups define the individuals or groups who are authorized to access and/or change data. This prevents unauthorized individuals from accessing, copying, editing, or deleting private data. We also implement an audit system that tracks access, both successful and unsuccessful, to confidential data. This audit information is used to constantly evaluate and refine our security measures and to identify individuals who might attempt to inappropriately access data and to take remedial action.
Paycor uses industry-standard 128-bit secure socket layer (SSL) technology to encrypt and authenticate transactions. SSL creates a secured connection between our web servicers and your browser, which eliminates unauthorized access to transmitted data and ensures data is sent only to the intended server.
Learn more about Paycor's Security practices at http://www.paycor.com/security .
GENERAL CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us through the following methods.
PAYCOR.COM
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
Paycor, Inc. (“Paycor”) provides information and services on its web site and through its mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”) under the following terms and conditions. By accessing and/or using the Site, you (“User”) acknowledge and agree to the following terms and conditions.
1. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS
User agrees to not access and/or use the Site in any way that violates applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations.
2. LICENSE
Paycor grants to Client a non-exclusive, non-transferable right and license to use the Application Programs subscribed to by Client only on Paycor’s Hosted Environment. “Application Programs” means the following software programs owned and developed by Paycor: Perform, HR Performer®, Paycor Payroll, Internet Entry, Online Reporting, Online Check Stubs/W2s, and Custom Web Reporting, and may include other software programs as they are added by Paycor from time to time, including Time and Attendance ( Terms and Conditions ). “Hosted Environment” means the hardware, system software, hosting support software, network connectivity and facilities used by Paycor to support the System. “System” means the Application Programs as run on the Hosted Environment.
The license granted to Client herein is for production only and not for development, and the Application Programs shall be used solely for Client’s internal business purposes. Client will use the Application Programs only on the Hosted Environment and only to process its own internal data. Client has no rights in or to the Application Programs or any intellectual property of Paycor except as expressly stated herein. Client will not assign, loan, sublicense or otherwise transfer the Application Programs to any third party. Client will not alter, modify or adapt (or cause to be altered, modified or adapted) the Application Programs. Client will not copy, recompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or make or distribute any other form of, or any derivative work from, the Application Programs. Paycor may provide improvements, enhancements, modifications or updates to the Application Programs from time to time at no additional cost to Client if and as they are made generally by Paycor for the benefit of its clients.
3. CLIENT ACCESS TO SYSTEM
Client may provide access to the System to those of its employees it deems necessary to perform Client’s payroll administration and/or HR administration. Client shall be responsible for ensuring that its employees that access the System comply with all of these Terms and Conditions of Use. Paycor may discontinue or suspend access to the System by any employee of Client if Paycor discovers or has reason to believe that such employee has violated these Terms and Conditions of Use or is otherwise using the System in an inappropriate manner.
4. SYSTEM AVAILABILITY
The System generally will be available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Paycor will perform maintenance to the System from time to time during non-business hours and on national holidays, during which time the System may be temporarily unavailable. In the event that the System experiences unscheduled downtime, Paycor will promptly notify Client following Paycor’s identification of the unscheduled downtime, and Paycor will work diligently to correct the issue until it is resolved and the System is made available.
5. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
The information available on this Site is the sole property of Paycor and is protected by copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws and regulations. Users may not modify, distribute, copy, transmit, publish, display, sell, license, create derivative works or otherwise use any information available on this Site for commercial or public purposes. Users may not use the trademarks, logos and service marks contained on this Site for any purpose without the written consent of Paycor.
6. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES
This Site may contain links to other web sites that are not under the control of Paycor. Paycor assumes no responsibility or liability for any material that may be accessed on other web sites reached through this Site. Paycor makes no representation regarding the quality of any product or service described on any such site.
7. LINKS FROM THIRD PARTY SITES
Paycor prohibits unauthorized links to this Site and the framing of any information contained on this Site or any portion thereof. Paycor reserves the right to disable any unauthorized links or frames. Paycor has no responsibility or liability for any material on other web sites that may contain links to this Site.
8. NO WARRANTIES
Information provided on this Site is provided “as is” without warranty of any kind, either express or implied, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement. Paycor periodically adds, changes, improves or updates the information contained on this Site without notice. Paycor assumes no liability or responsibility for any errors or omissions in the content of this Site. Your use of this Site is at your own risk.
9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
PAYCOR SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS OR DAMAGES FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) THAT RESULT FROM ACCESS TO, USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR DUE TO ANY BREACH OF SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF INFORMATION THROUGH THE INTERNET, EVEN IF PAYCOR WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
10. SECURITY
The security of information transmitted through the Internet can never be guaranteed. Paycor is not responsible for any interception or interruption of any communications through the Internet or for changes to or losses of data. User is responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of the Site. Paycor may suspend use of the Site, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected.
11. TRANSMISSION OF PERSONAL DATA
User acknowledges and agrees that by providing Paycor with any personal information through the Site, User consents to the transmission of such personal user information as necessary for processing in accordance with Paycor’s standard business practices and the Privacy Policy contained on the Site.
12. ACCESS TO SECURE AREAS OF SITE
Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of this Site is restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is strictly prohibited. User is responsible for maintaining the security of any password, user ID, or other form of authentication required to obtain access to password protected and/or secure areas of this Site.
13. TAMPERING
User agrees not to modify, add to, delete or otherwise tamper with the information contained on this Site. User further agrees not to decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or unlawfully use or reproduce any of the copyrighted or trademarked material, trade secrets, or other proprietary information contained on this Site.
14. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION
These Terms and Conditions of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Ohio without regard to conflicts of law principles. User agrees that any and all proceedings relating to this Site and the subject matter contained herein shall be maintained in the courts of the State of Ohio located in Hamilton County, Ohio, or the federal district courts located in Hamilton County, Ohio, which courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over all such matters.
MOBILE APP PRIVACY POLICY
Paycor, Inc. (“We,” “Our” or “Us,” as appropriate) takes the privacy of personal information you may provide Us seriously. This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the www.paycor.com website (the “Website”) and all mobile applications released by Us through the Apple App Store or the Google Play Store (the “Applications” and together with the Website, collectively, the “Products”), and applies only to information gathered via the Products, whether submitted directly by you or your previous, current or prospective employer, or by any of Our other clients on your behalf. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must immediately cease use of the Products.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
We collect personal information that you voluntarily provide via the Products, when you interact with Us, sign up to receive alerts, or make a purchase (“Personal Information”).  The Personal Information collected through the Products may include some or all of the following: name, gender, user name, or contact information such as street address, phone number, email address, geolocation information, and any other information you may voluntarily provide. You have the choice whether or not to disclose Personal Information, however, some parts of the Products may be impossible to access or use if you do not disclose Personal Information. Therefore, at times, you may be requested to voluntarily supply Us with your Personal Information. Generally this information is requested when you: - Submit an inquiry; - Participate in some of the online activities We run from time to time; - Subscribe to or set up an account with the Products; - Purchase products or services through the Products; or - Communicate with Us(via e-mail, phone, postal mail, etc.).
MOBILE DEVICES
If you use a mobile device (“Device”) to access any of the Products, We may collect certain information in addition to what We collect when you use other kinds of devices (e.g., computers) to access the Products. We may receive information about your location and your mobile Device, including a unique identifier for your Device and your mobile operating system. We may, at times, use this information to provide you with location-based services and information, such as advertising, search results, and other personalized content. Most Devices provide users with the ability to disable location services.  If you have questions about how to disable your Device's location services, We recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your Device manufacturer.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may use your Personal Information for any of the following purposes: - To understand how users use the Products. - To administer or to help Us develop and improve the Products or Our offerings. - To respond to specific requests from users. - To protect the security or integrity of the Products. - To send notices of special promotions, offers or solicitations. - To conduct market research surveys. - To promote and market Our business and various products. - To provide you with the services you request or are otherwise offered through the Products. - To enforce applicable terms of use for the Products and or this Privacy Policy, and to otherwise comply with all laws, rules and regulations.
Pursuant to the California Online Privacy Protection Act, neither We nor any of the Products follow the Do Not Track setting of your web browser.
SHARING OF INFORMATION
We may share Personal Information with third parties under any of the following circumstances: - With your previous, current or prospective employer or as instructed by your previous, current or prospective employer. - In connection with a court order, subpoena, government investigation, or when otherwise required by law, rule or regulation. - In the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, or similar event. - Working with third party companies to support the Products' operation and administration. - In connection with working with third party entities to perform certain business-related functions (e.g., mailing campaigns to customers, maintaining databases, fulfilling or responding to your requests or purchases) to the extent needed for such third parties to perform their specific functions. - In connection with providing aggregated anonymous information concerning member usage of the Products to third parties, such as for advertisers, for purposes that We deem appropriate for service administration. - In connection with the sale of any aggregated anonymized data based on the Personal Information you provide Us.
We will not sell, rent, loan, transfer, or otherwise disclose any Personal Information to third parties except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798, California residents may ask companies with whom they have an established business relationship to provide information about Our sharing of Personal Information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. We do not share any California consumer Personal Information with third parties for marketing purposes without consent.
COLLECTION OF NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We intend to continue improving the content and function of the Products. For this reason, We may monitor customer traffic patterns and service usage to help Us improve the design and layout of Our Products.  As such, in addition to Personal Information provided to Us as identified above, We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information. For example, Our servers may automatically identify computers by their IP addresses, and We may use certain tracking technologies (such as cookies), as further described below. We and each of Our service providers may use this non-personally identifiable information to analyze trends, administer the Products, track users' movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We will not link these IP addresses to Personal Information other than to the extent necessary to enforce the Products' terms of service, including in forum environments.
USE OF COOKIES
Our Products may use tracking technologies such as “cookies” to provide users with tailored information upon each return visit. Cookies are a common part of many Products that allow small text files to be sent by a Products, accepted by your web browser, and then placed on your hard drive as recognition token. Every time you visit the Products, cookies may record basic technical information, such as your domain name, the address of the last URL visited prior to the Products, your browser, and your operating system. You do not need to enable cookies to visit the Products; however, some parts of the Products will be impossible to use if cookies are disabled. Cookies do not contain any Personal Information.
UPDATING PERSONAL INFORMATION
You control the accuracy of your Personal Information. If your Personal Information changes, please correct, update or delete it by logging into your account at the Products.
After termination of your account, We will have no obligation to maintain or provide any of your Personal Information and may thereafter, unless legally prohibited, delete all of your Personal Information in Our systems or otherwise in Our possession or under Our control. We may also retain all or a subset of your Personal Information for business or legal purposes.
PROTECTION OF INFORMATION
While We will take reasonable security measures to protect your Personal Information, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, given the electronic nature of the Internet, by using the Products, you accept the inherent risks in doing so, including, but not limited to, the security risks of interception, unauthorized access, the risks of corruption and the risks of viruses or other harmful devices.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
The Products may contain links to other applications, services or websites  that may not be owned or operated by Us. We cannot control and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other applications, services or websites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each application that you use and website that you visit.
SOCIAL NETWORKING SITES
Integration with social networking sites may be present through the Products, and such integration is provided to enhance member experience. If you access the Products through your other social networking account(s), you authorize Us to collect relevant information necessary to enable the Products to access and collect your data contained within that particular social networking service (e.g., such as your Facebook profile information). Please remember, however, that the manner in which such third party social network provider uses, stores and discloses your information is governed solely by that provider's policies, and We will have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party site or provider that you may enable and link to your online experience with Us.
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We updated this Privacy Policy effective as of the date set forth above. It may be appropriate to update Our Privacy Policy and other terms and conditions from time to time. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy at any time in Our sole discretion, with or without advance notice. We will post any changes on the Privacy Policy page of the Products so users are always aware of any change. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how We are helping to protect the Personal Information We receive from you. Your continued use of the Products shall constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any of its updates. If We decide to use your Personal Information in a manner not set forth in this Privacy Policy, We will notify registered account holders by e-mail to the e-mail addresses on record. If you choose to visit the Site or use any of Our other services, your visit and/or any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Our Terms of Use.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under 13 years old. If you are under 18 years old, you may use the Products only with the permission and involvement of your parent(s) or guardian.
CONTACT
If you have questions about your privacy rights, please contact your employer’s human resources department. If you have any further questions concerning this Privacy Policy or Our privacy practices, please contact Us at 800.381.0053
