Privacy Policy
LendingTree, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, “LendingTree”, “us”, “we”, or “our”) are committed to maintaining your confidence and trust as it relates to the privacy and usage of your information. Please read below and learn how we collect, protect, share, and use your information as part of our technology platforms, and all of our products and services.
This privacy policy applies to this site (www.magnifymoney.com) and all websites owned and operated by LendingTree on which this privacy policy is displayed (such websites referred to hereafter as the “Site”, whether individually or collectively) as well as the LendingTree Business. The LendingTree Business includes, but is not necessarily limited to the business conducted on the Site and through the following entities, divisions, or brands:
LendingTree, Inc.
LendingTree, LLC
LendingTree, LLC d/b/a LT Technologies (NJ, NY, RI, TX, WA)
DepositAccounts
MagnifyMoney
MileCards
SnapCap
Personally Identifiable Information: We collect personally identifiable information that can identify you such as your name, address, telephone number, mobile number, email address, and Social Security Number (collectively, “Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”). PII could also be information you provide on others, such as co-borrowers.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We also collect information such as demographic data, data about your online activity, and other information which could not be used to identify you (collectively, “Non-Personally Identifiable Information” or “NPII”).
Information: PII and NPII are known together as “Information”.
How We Collect Information
Information provided by you: Information is collected from you when you enter information in connection with an inquiry into our services. This Information could be provided via an online form, over the phone, or via other means in which you interact with our services.
Information from service providers: Information is collected from third party service providers, such as credit bureaus and service providers who may have data on your financial profile, home, or other demographic information.
Information from cookies and other tracking technologies: Like many websites, we use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to record your preferences, track the use of our Site and collect Information. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other Information we collect about you. You may choose to set your web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of our Site may not function properly.
How We Use Your Information
In General: We may use Information to:
Deliver the products and services you requested
Improve customer service
Improve our Site
Personalize your user experience
Communicate with you about products or services that may be of interest to you
Manage our business
LendingTree Business: We may share your Information with the LendingTree Business.
Network Partners: In submitting an inquiry for a loan product or other service provided through this website, you agree that LendingTree may share your Information with lenders and other third parties which provide services to our consumers (including, for example, real estate agents or debt relief companies) in our network (collectively, “Network Partners”) to deliver the products and services your requested. PLEASE NOTE: the Network Partners with which you are matched may retain or use your Information whether or not you use their services. You should contact these Network Partners directly concerning their privacy and information sharing practices.
LendingTree Vendors: We may share your Information with vendors that perform certain services on our behalf (“LendingTree Vendors”) including, but not limited to, credit bureaus, marketing partners, or entities providing business analysis and/or website or product support.
Other Situations: We may also disclose your information at our sole discretion:
In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, a request for cooperation from a law enforcement agency, self-regulatory body, or other governmental agency; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as we reasonably believe is required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.
When we believe disclosure is appropriate in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding actual or suspected illegal activity or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of the LendingTree Business, our users, our employees, or others; or to enforce our Site’s terms and condition or other agreements or policies.
In connection with a substantial corporate transaction involving the LendingTree Business, such as a sale of LendingTree or any entity, brand or division thereof, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, asset sale, or bankruptcy.
In connection with state and/or federal licensing requirements regarding the reporting of Information contained in the loan inquiries we receive from you. You authorize LendingTree to obtain any and all required information from the Network Partners you were matched with in order for LendingTree to comply with current laws and regulations as well as with any requests from state or federal regulators. This information could include, but is not necessarily limited to, the loan you selected and the terms of the loan you selected.
We may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with third parties in our discretion.
Unsubscribe
Unsubscribe: If at any time you do not wish to receive communications from the LendingTree Business, you may modify your preferences through your MyLendingTree profile. In addition, you may email privacy@lendingtree.com to unsubscribe. There may be an unsubscribe link at the bottom of emails sent from the LendingTree Business.
Advertising on third party sites: We may use third-party tracking technology. This technology allows targeted advertisements to you from LendingTree Business. Some of these advertising companies may be networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative which offers a single location to opt out of ad targeting from member companies. The opt-out is available at http://optout.networkadvertising.org/#!/
Updating and Accessing Your Information
The appropriate method(s) for accessing your Information, if any, will depend on which Site or services you have used. Depending on the respective Site or service, you may have the ability to view or edit some of your Information online. If you have submitted a loan request with a LendingTree Business, you can update your personal information by contacting our Customer Care Department at customercare@lendingtree.com . Our address is 11115 Rushmore Drive, Charlotte, NC 28277.
How We Protect Your Information
We take what we believe to be industry standard security measures (including physical, electronic, and procedural measures) to help safeguard your Information from unauthorized access and disclosure. We also require employees to comply with information security safeguards, we use encryption in the transmission of your Information between your system and ours, and we use firewalls and other intrusion detection and prevention controls to help prevent unauthorized persona from gaining access to your Information.
No system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your Information, we cannot guarantee that your Information, searches, or other communication will always remain secure.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
LendingTree has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the date at the bottom of this page. We encourage you to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the Information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Visiting our Websites From Outside the United States
The Site is governed by the laws of the United States, and is intended for the enjoyment of residents of the United States only. We make no representation that the Site is governed by or operated in accordance with the laws of any other nation.
Compliance with Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule
We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifiable information from anyone under 13 years of age. If we determine upon collection that a user is under this age, we will not use or maintain his/her PII without the parent/guardian's consent. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected PII from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.
LendingTree ChatBot Disclosure
Our LendingTree chat bot is enabled by Microsoft Bot Framework. The Microsoft Bot Framework is a set of web-services that enable intelligent services and connections using conversation channels you authorize. As a service provider, Microsoft will transmit content you provide to our bot/service in order to enable the service. For more information about Microsoft privacy policies please see their privacy statement here:  http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839. In addition, your interactions with this bot/service are also subject to the conversational channel’s applicable terms of use, privacy and data collection policies. To report abuse when using a bot that uses the Microsoft Bot Framework, please visit the Microsoft Bot Framework website at https://www.botframework.com and use the “Report Abuse” link in the menu to contact Microsoft.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of any LendingTree Business, or your dealings with a LendingTree Business, please contact us at:
Compliance Officer
LendingTree, LLC
Get offers in your  inbox
Submit your email address and we’ll send the details of this offer so you can take a look at them later. We’ll also keep you updated with our Price Checker newsletter.
I am at least 13 years old
Please enter text you see in box
Please fill in your email address! Thank you
Your offer is on its way!
By clicking submit you agree to our terms and conditions .
Subscribe to our email newsletter:
Get updates, exclusive offers and tips!
Enter your email address
Subscribe
Our Fine Print 
We hate fine print. We created this entire site because of the nasty fine-print habits of other companies. Unfortunately, the legal team insist we include the following:
MagnifyMoney is not a lender, does not broker loans to lenders and does not make personal loans or credit decisions. This website does not constitute an offer or solicitation to lend.
For complete details on any product see the terms and conditions on the financial institution's website.
MagnifyMoney is a free, independent service providing unbiased comparisons of financial products, therefore if we are compensated then we will let you know on the product page before you leave our website.
Once you click to apply for an offer, you will be directed to the financial institution's website at which point you should give the fine print a gut check
While we trudge through the fine print for you, we are only offering a summary not all the intricate, legal conditions (which is why you wanted our opinion anyway, right?).
Be sure you do understand the full terms provided by the financial institution before signing the dotted line, or lets be real, clicking the "I Agree" button.
We do our best to make sure our calculations are up-to-date, but we are human and can't make warranties regarding the accuracy of our information. If you find an error please let us know here.  
