PRIVACY POLICY
When you log on to JeromeAlexander.com, we respect your privacy. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") provides you with information regarding how we collect, use, and disclose information. Please note that this Privacy Policy may change at any time, without prior notice to any visitor/user/customer. If we make changes, we will update the "Last Updated" date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. Magic Minerals is owned and distributed by Jerome Alexander Consulting Corporation (JACC).
 
A. Information Collected
This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us online while visiting the Site and does not apply to any information that we have received or obtained or may obtain offline or through other traditional means. For details on information collected from children under the age of 13, please see below.
(1) Personally Identifiable Information
"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Site:
• We may collect your name, phone number and email address if you contact us with a question;
• We may collect your first and last name, date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes; and
• We may collect your first and last name, your address, your phone number, and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product.
The above list provides an example of the personally identifiable information that may be collected on the Site. If you do not want JACC to collect your personally identifiable information, please do not provide it to us.
(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
"Non-Personally Identifiable Information" can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as your age, gender or interests. Non-personally identifiable information does NOT identify you personally. Here are some examples of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Site and a description of how this information is used:
• Internet Protocol (IP) address -- Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the webpages you view. We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor our Site to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Site.
• Cookie -- Like most e-commerce websites, we use "cookie" technology. A cookie is a very small text file that a website can save onto your computer's hard disk to store your information and settings. When you log on, the cookie tells us whether you have visited us before or are a new visitor. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Site. Some of the cookies we use may be "Flash" cookies. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a computer via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your computer. While they are harmless, depending on your browser, these cookies may not be deleted when your cookies are deleted or disabled and, in some instances, they may cause your cookies to reappear in your browser. Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted or disabled.
• Web Beacons (also known as "clear gifs," "web bugs" or "pixel tags") -- "Web Beacons" are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.
• Demographic Information -- "Demographic Information" may be your gender, age, zip code and interests, which you voluntarily provide to us on the Site. We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Site meets your needs.
 
(1) Personally Identifiable Information We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on the Site primarily for the following purposes:
• To deliver services, such as products, information, or newsletters you request or purchase;
• To alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services, or other third parties, or to forward promotional materials;
• To complete a transaction or service requested by you; • To fulfill the terms of a promotion;
• To ensure the Site is relevant to your needs; • To notify you about a material change to this Privacy Policy or other terms pertaining to the Site or our products, if necessary; and • To contact you in response to sign up forms such as "Contact Us" or "Order Now".
(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
 
(1) Personally Identifiable Information
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances:
(i) To fulfill a service to you. For example, we may hire companies to help provide products or services, like a shipping company that may deliver packages or any other third party that is needed to assist in the completion of transactions requested by you. In addition, if you email us a question, we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question. Also, if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest, we may use your personally identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion. This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers. We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion.
(ii) To affiliates, strategic partners, agents, third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personally identifiable information for research, administrative and/or internal business purposes. These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service, or they may use such information for their own research, administration or business purposes. If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner, please do not provide us with this information.
(iii) To unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Site and provide other administrative services to us (including, but not limited to, order processing and fulfillment, providing customer service, maintaining and analyzing data, sending customer communications on our company’s behalf, and entry collection, winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests, sweepstakes and other promotions). We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personally identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible. Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Site will have access to users' personally identifiable information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information, please do not register or submit any personally identifiable information to us.
(iv) To complete your purchase. If you choose to make a purchase on the Site, we may collect from you your credit card number, billing address and other information related to such purchase, and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase. We may also provide such information, or other personally identifiable information provided by you, to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase (for example, to process your credit card).
(v) To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of our company and or to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.
(vi) To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.
(vii) To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.
(viii) To protect against potential fraud, we may verify with third parties the information collected from the Site. In the course of such verification, we may receive personally identifiable information about you from such services. In particular, if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us, and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen. Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise use, share or otherwise disclose your personally identifiable information to any third parties.
(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information
 
D. Collection and Use of Information from Children Under the Age of 13
 
E. International Transfer of Information
If you are visiting the Site from a location outside of the U.S., your connection will be through and to servers located in the U.S. Your orders placed through the Site will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the U.S. and all information you provide will be securely maintained in our Web server and internal systems located within the U.S. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information to the United States which does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union and by providing your personally identifiable information you consent to:
• the use of your personally identifiable information for the uses identified above in accordance with this Privacy Policy; and
 
F. Opt-Out
 
G. Forums, Chat Rooms and Other Public Posting Areas
 
H. Third Party Websites and Links
 
J. Accessing Your Personally Identifiable Information and Privacy Preferences
 
K. Assignment
 
L. Security
 
M. Contacting US
 
N. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at the customer service number provided.
Email Address
STAY CONNECTED
