Privacy Policy – 25th May 2018
This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site www.jeromeflynn.com including any information you may provide when you sign up to our newsletter or contact us via email or social media.
By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues ( www.ico.org.uk ). We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.
It is very important that the information we hold about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at webmaster@jeromeflynn.com
If we need to use your personal data for a purpose unrelated to the purpose for which we collected the data, we will notify you and we will explain the legal ground of processing.
 
WHAT DATA DO WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymised data. We may process certain types of personal data about you as follows:
Identity Data may include your first name, last name, username, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data may include your billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Technical Data may include your login data, internet protocol addresses, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, time zone setting and location, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this site.
 
SENSITIVE DATA
 
YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE GDPR
Under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), you have rights as an individual which you can exercise in relation to the information we hold about you. These consist of:
Your right to be informed
Your right of access
Your right to rectification
Your right to erasure
Your right to object
Your rights to automated decision making including profiling
 
VISITORS TO OUR WEBSITE
Other than web traffic statistical reports supplied by our web hosting company, we have no analytical software that collects personal data from visitors to our website.  We do not use cookies to collect data.
 
EMAIL CONTACT
 
MESSAGES FOR JEROME FLYNN
 
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
 
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Users who submit information to us can obtain copies of all said information we hold of them by making a written and signed request.  This will include:
All information held on our database pertaining to them.
Where possible, all historical emails, text messages and WhatsApp messages.
Where possible, all historical Facebook private messages.
We will supply the information in an intelligible form and, where possible, in an electronic format (eg. PDF document).  If we hold incorrect information about you, you can ask us to correct any mistakes.  You are requested to inform us of any changes to your details which may have an effect on the provision of our services.
 
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We try to meet the highest standards when collecting and using your personal information.
 
Name: The Webmaster
Name
Email *
Tick this box if you have read and agree to our Privacy Policy
© 2001-2018  Jerome Flynn
Privacy Preference Center
Required
Tick this box if you have read and agree to our Privacy Policy
OK
