Privacy Policy
At Pull-A-Part, LLC, Inc. your data and its security and our use of it is important. We realize that you may have concerns regarding the privacy of your personal information. This is why we have specifically created this section; to address any concerns and questions you may have.
This Customer Privacy Policy describes the information and privacy practices for Pull-A-Part, LLC retail stores (the "Stores"), Pull-A-Part, LLC Customer Care centers (the "Call Centers"), www.pullapart.com and www.partart.com websites (the "Sites"), our platform all other locations, occasions, or events where your personal information is collected by, or on behalf of Pull-A-Part, LLC.
Pull-A-Part, LLC regularly reviews and updates its privacy policy and practices.
The uses of information collected through our services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which the client has engaged Pull-A-Part LLC and its affiliates.
 
Personal Information We Collect
 
We may collect personal information from you when you:
Create an account on our Site
Purchase, return, or exchange items in our Stores, interact with us through our Call Centers, or on our websites
Contact one of our Call Centers
Utilize one of our in-store services
Subscribe to our newsletter or emails
Respond to a survey or fill out a form
Register for a product warranty
Sign up for a loyalty program
Enter into a contest or sweepstakes
 
How We Use Your Personal Information
 
To enhance your experience
 
To improve customer service
 
To process transactions
 
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other feature, such as on a Site
 
 
 
To send periodic communications
 
 
 
To send service-related announcements
 
 
To Email / Refer a Friend
 
Opting out of Communication
 
 
Updating/Accessing/Amending/Correcting Personally Identifiable Information
 
Customer Testimonials/Comments/Reviews
 
Blog
 
 
Security - How We Protect Your Information
 
 
 
How We Share Your Information Outside Pull-A-Part, LLC
 
 
 
 
 
Your Right Not To Have Your Personal Information Shared
 
 
Your California Privacy Rights
 
 
Third Party Links
 
Social Media Widgets
 
Cookies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts may be used by Pull-A-Part, LLC and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics / service providers (e.g. to provide online customer support and data to improve the online customer shopping experience). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering sites, tracking users' movements, and receiving reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
 
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
 
Log Files
 
 
 
 
Email Privacy
 
 
Chat Feature
 
Data Retention
 
Children
 
Terms and Conditions
 
Your Consent
 
Changes to our Privacy Policy
 
 
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Pull-A-Part, LLC, Inc.
 
