Your Personal Information
Your privacy is respected and we do not share your information with anyone without your permission, except as required by law enforcement, court order or to establish or defend our legal rights against claims. We have a strict “No-Spam” policy.
If you provide us with personal information, such as an email address, your information is only used by us or shared with others to provide the specific service or product you have requested. We do not intend to rent, sell, or otherwise give your email address or information to a third-party without your prior consent.
Anonymous Information Collected (Log Files)
In order to improve the usability of our website and to better serve our website’s visitors, we collect certain anonymous (non-identifiable) information from visits to our website. This information is not connected with you personally, and may include (but is not limited to): geographical information about our visitors, pages viewed on our site, time spent on our site, browser type, referral source, exit pages, operating system, clicks/hovers and scrolling data, IP address and more…
Cookies
We, our advertisers and/or service providers may place a tracking cookie or a session cookie on your computer. A cookie in itself cannot carry viruses or install malware on your computer.
A tracking cookie helps us improve the effectiveness of our website and may also help our advertisers and us – track if you have been purchasing any of the products/services recommended / advertised on our site – for which we and/or our advertisers may receive a commission from the vendor of that product/service. Tracking cookies also helps our advertisers and us analyze sales data and better target advertisements on our site.
A session ID cookie enables you to navigate and use our website faster than would otherwise be possible without a session ID cookie.
You can choose not to accept cookies by changing the settings of your Internet browser. Doing so, however, may interfere with your ability to use certain sections and features of this website. You also have the option of allowing cookies for your Internet browsing and then removing the installed cookies at the end of your browsing session.
Information Security
Nothing electronic is 100% secure; even though we are doing what we can to prevent unauthorized access to information stored on our servers. – we are not responsible for any breaches of security or for any actions caused by breaches of security. You are solely responsible for any information you choose to share online.
International Data Transfers
Information we collect on our website may be stored in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate. The laws governing data protection differ, country to country. You agree and understand that the laws of other countries may apply to and govern the transfer, storage and processing of your information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 18 years on our website and our website is not designed to be of interest to children under the age of 13 years.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may make changes to our privacy policies at any time without any notice. Any changes we make will be posted on this page and will immediately take effect from that moment on. You should visit this page every time you wish to view our website.
Links to Other Websites
If you follow a link from our website to another website, please review the privacy policies there. We do not control the policies of other sites and take no responsibility as to the privacy policies of other websites.
Implied Consent
When you visit this website, your visit implies that you have read and consent to the collection of data and to the use of data specified in our privacy policies.
Contact Us
Please do not hesitate to contact us at any time if you have questions about our privacy policies.
ACCEPTABLE USE POLICY AND TERMS
Important Note: This website is not affiliated with the U.S. Government or any State or Federal government agency and is not an official source of information. This is a private site. For any questions you may have please consult a lawyer.
Information found on this site must be used for lawfully acceptable purposes only. It is against the law to stalk or harass anyone using the information found on this site. Visitors cannot search for public officials, minors, or celebrities. Anyone who uses this site to access information through purposeful misrepresentation of themselves, or uses the information accessed in illegal pursuits may face criminal and civil charges. Information that can be found on this site is compiled from records that may be incomplete or have errors. The owners of this site do not own the records found on this site or any public records database. All records presented on this site are gathered from third party databases that are not controlled by the owners of this site. Every search is subject to applicable laws, to this site's terms of use and to the terms of use of the third party vendors that provide access to such information. The website owners receive compensation if you complete a registration through our website. When you complete such registration you will receive access to a third party membership area - of which the owners of this website have no control of. Please further read this website's entire  terms of use .
Copyright ©2011-
