Last updated: March 04, 2017
V-Key Inc, and its group of companies ("V-Key", "us", "we", or "our") operates the http://www.v-key.com website and the V-Tap or V-Guard mobile application components which both include the V-OS virtual secure element (the "Services"). This document informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Services (“you”, “your” or “yours” means the persons to whom this policy applies).
 
Information Collection And Use
 
V-Key Mobile Applications
If you use any of our V-OS, V-Tap or V-Guard mobile applications (collectively "V-Key Mobile Applications"), in addition to the terms set out in this Policy, it will be governed by the privacy notice as set out in Appendix 1 of this document.
The V-Key Mobile Applications are designed to do the following:
V-OS is a secure element like the physical smart chip you find in credit cards and hardware tokens, that is designed to both protect the mobile application itself, as well as any transactions or data that are generated by the application. It is inherently secure and designed so that no personal information created inside the applicant using V-OS is readable by others.
V-Tap is a one-time password generator that is protected by and requires V-OS to operate.
 
Log Data
We may also collect information that your browser or mobile applications that have V-OS and V-Tap and / or V-Guard components installed send whenever you visit our Services or when you access the Services by or through a mobile device ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Services that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
When you access the Services by or through a mobile device, this Log Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use and other statistics.
 
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.
 
Behavioural Remarketing
 
Google AdWords remarketing Services is provided by Google Inc.
You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads
Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.
For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:
Social Media
We may collect information about you in connection with social networking sites in several ways, such as:
• When you choose to join (or “like”) a V-Key page on a social networking site (such as the V-Key page on Facebook). In these situations, the social networking site may make some information about you available to V-Key. Please see the privacy policy for the social networking site to learn more.
• When you interact with a V-Key social networking page or content, we may use cookies to learn which links you clicked (please refer to the paragraphs 2(c) above about cookies and how we use the information collected).
• When you make information publicly available on your social networking page, we may collect that information.
• When you make use of the Social Sign-In feature to access content in lieu of submitting a web form. The Social Sign-In feature allows Web form visitors the opportunity to connect to your online programs using their social network identity. Visitors can use their existing social networking site such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, or Salesforce to bypass a registration or sign-up Web form. Social Sign-In captures visitors’ current contact information and stores the information directly into the database.
We use this information for purposes described in the paragraph 3 above.
 
Public Forums
 
Testimonials/Reviews/Feedback
 
Services Providers
 
Communications
 
Compliance with Laws
 
Business Transaction
 
Security
 
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. If you are located outside Singapore and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to Singapore and process it there.
 
Links To Other Sites
 
Children's Privacy
Our Services does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").
 
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us on privacy@v-key.com
Appendix 1
V-Key Mobile application Privacy Notice
 
Information We Collect From Your Mobile Device
Our V-Key Mobile Application will prompt you for camera, location, phone, photos and storage permissions as and when necessary. In addition we may use the information collected from your mobile device for the reasons set out below:
1. Camera
Message: “Allow App to access Camera.”
Reason: This Permission is necessary to Scan a QR Code which contains provisioning information.
2. Location
Message: “Allow App to access location of device. “
Reason :  This Permission is necessary to Check device location for compliance with geo-fence policy.
3. Phone
Message: “Allow App to make and manage phone calls.”
Reason:  This Permission is needed to get the device IMEI to define the unique device finger print which is used as the identity of the device.   
4. Photos and Storage
Message: “Allow App to access photos, media and files on your device.”  
Reason: This Permission is needed to read/write troubleshooting identifier in an external storage file.
When V-OS and/or V-Guard is installed in an app, whether V-Key’s or a third party using these V-Key products, the app also does the following:
V-Guard Checks for rooted status by scanning files in the device.
V-Guard gathers threat information of the device by scanning malwares in the device.
V-OS and V-Guard powered apps collect system information such as Model, Software Version which is used for device compatibility check in our products.
V-OS and V-Guard apps collect troubleshooting data about the usage of our product/Service, such as how often the application is used, and which events were triggered inside the application.
