Choose One
Online Banking is temporarily unavailable. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. As a reminder, you can also view your accounts using our Mobile App.
Username
Password
 
Great rates on Boat Loans
Set sail on the boat of your dreams this summer with a South State boat loan.
Merchant Services
Switch now and purchase an Ingenico iCT220 for $99. Limited time offer!
Buying your first home?
View helpful advice to guide you and answer any questions you may have.
Travel Tips for Finding Online Deals
The world is at your fingertips when you book online, but how do you know you’re finding the best deals? Here are some tips to finding a great summer vacation online.
Choose One
Online Banking is temporarily unavailable. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause. As a reminder, you can also view your accounts using our Mobile App.
Username
Password
 
Call Us (800) 277-2175
Due to the expected impact of Hurricane Florence, some branches in our coastal communities may be closed. For updates regarding branch closures, please click here.
South State Privacy Notice
Regardless of changes in technology and information, South State Bank has always been-and will continue to be-committed to the principles of customer privacy. We understand that when you open an account with us, apply for a loan, or deal with us or one of our affiliated companies in any way, we ask you to provide us with private financial and personal information.
We honor the trust you place in us by maintaining the confidentiality and accuracy of that information, and we use it in manners consistent with the confidence you have placed in us. We will uphold both the letter and the spirit of federal and state laws as they relate to this important issue.
Rev. 7/18
WHAT DOES SOUTH STATE BANK DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. What? The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and income;
Account balances and transaction/payment history;
Employment information and credit history.
How? All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday businesss. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons South State Bank chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. Reasons we can share your personal information Does South State Bank share? Can you limit this sharing? For our everyday business purposes –
such as: to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus Yes No For our marketing purposes –
to offer our products and services to you Yes Yes For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes Yes For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your transactions and experiences Yes No For our affiliates’ everyday business purposes –
information about your creditworthiness Yes Yes For our affiliates to market to you Yes Yes For nonaffiliates to market to you Yes Yes To limit our sharing
Call Toll-free 1-800-277-2175;
Visit any branch office and speak with a bank representative.
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
 
How does South State Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does South State Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
Open an account, deposit money, or perform transactions;
Pay your bills or apply for a loan;
Use your credit or debit card.
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes – information about your creditworthiness;
Affiliates from using your information to market to you;
Sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
 
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies such as South State Corporation, SSB Properties, Inc., Minis & Co., Inc. and South State Advisory, Inc.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Nonaffiliates we share with can include credit card companies, mortgage servicing providers and marketing service providers so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
Our joint marketing partners include credit card companies, marketing service providers, investment companies and insurance companies.
