Data Privacy Policy pursuant to Art. 13 and 14 GDPR
In the following we would like to inform you about the types of data processed by SIXT and about the purposes of such data processing. We would also like to inform you about important legal aspects of data protection, such as your rights.
Controller
The party responsible for processing your data (controller) is Sixt SE, Zugspitzstraße 1, 82049 Pullach (hereinafter also referred to as SIXT).
Contact information
If you have any questions on data protection, please contact us at dataprotection@sixt.com . You can also contact our data protection officer at the following address: SIXT SE, Zugspitzstraße 1, 82049 Pullach.
Categories of personal data
The following categories of personal data can be processed by us in connection with our services:
Master data: These include, for example, a person’s first name, surname, address (private and/or business), date of birth.
Communication data: These include, for example, a person’s telephone number, email address (private and/or business) fax number if applicable, as well as background (e. g. media, shareholder) and the requested content (e.g., ad-hoc statements, press releases).
The legal basis for data processing at SIXT
Art. 6 (1) point (a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR): Pursuant to this provision, the processing of your personal data is lawful if and to the extent that you have given your consent to such processing.
Art. 6 (1) point f) GDPR: Pursuant to this provision, the processing of your personal data is lawful if such processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the controller, i.e., SIXT, or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject, i.e., you yourself.
The purposes of data processing at SIXT
1. Self-marketing and Investor Relations
Purposes of data processing
We process your master data and communication data for the purpose of sending you investor relation related information.
You may at any time object to your email address being used without incurring more than the cost of transmission as per the applicable basic fees.
Legal basis for processing
Art. 6 (1) point a) GDPR applies to data processing for purposes of implementing direct marketing measures that require explicit advance consent.
Art. 6 (1) point f) GDPR applies to data processing for purposes of implementing direct marketing measures that do not require explicit advance consent, and of implementing the mar-keting measures mentioned (→ Purposes of data processing).
Legitimate interest, to the extent that Art. 6 (1) point f) GDPR applies to the type of processing concerned
Our legitimate interests in using your personal data for purposes of implementing direct marketing measures and the marketing measures mentioned lie in the fact that we want to convince you of our services and promote a lasting customer relationship with you.
Categories of recipients of your data
For the purposes described in the foregoing, we disclose your data to IT service providers.
2. Website
Purposes of data processing
Your personal data is recorded via SIXT websites if you actively provide such data to us, for instance as part of a registration procedure by filling out forms or by sending emails. We use these data for the purposes described above or for purposes that arise from the respective re-quest, for example, to provide investor relations related news.
The data are only used for advertising purposes to the extent that such advertising is our own (including tell-a-friend features).
Security, SSL technology
SIXT has implemented a variety of technical and organisational measures in order to protect your personal data, in particular against random or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction and ac-cess by unauthorised persons. These security measures will be continually adapted in accord-ance with technological developments. The transfer of personal data between your computer and our server invariably takes place by encrypted connection (Secure Socket Layer (SSL)).
Online tracking
Some new browsers use “Do not track” functions. If this is the case, our website may not respond to “Do not track” requests or may be unable to retrieve the headers of such browsers. To find out more about what your settings are and about whether you want to deny certain provid-ers access to your information, please click here for the US, here for Canada, and here for Europe (please note that opting out will not mean that you are no longer displayed any advertising at all. Rather, you will still receive generic advertising).
Cookies
Visits to our website may result in information being stored on your computer in the form of “Cookies”. Cookies are small text files that are copied from a web server onto your hard disk. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server within the domain in which the cookie was assigned to you. Cookies cannot execute any programmes or infect your com-puter with viruses. The cookies used by us neither contain personal data nor are they connected to any such data.
Most of the cookies used by us are so-called session cookies, which are required in order to maintain consistency during your visit, for example by ensuring that the preferences you entered when making your reservation request, as well as any other information entered, are remembered for the duration of your session. We also need session cookies in order to ensure that any offers (e.g., promotional offers) you click on are assigned to your request. Session cookies are automatically deleted after each session. We furthermore use cookies in order to determine, when you pay return visits to our website, whether you are interested in certain types of offers. This enables us to be more targeted about the offers we show you on our website. If you are already registered with us and have a customer account, it will be possible for us to compare the information recorded by the cookies used with the information known to us. This in turn enables us to tune our offers more finely to your needs and wishes. These cookies have a lifespan of one year, after which they are automatically deleted. We also need cookies for purposes of settling accounts with our advertising partners, because cookies are able to record the page or promotional campaign that led the customer to us. As with other data, we record this data exclu-sively in abstract form so as to ensure that it cannot be used to identify the data subject. A cook-ie of this type has a lifespan of 31 days.
You have the opportunity to accept or to reject cookies. Most web browsers accept cookies automatically. Generally, however, you will be able to adjust your browser settings so as to reject cookies. If you opt to reject cookies, you may find that you are unable to use some of the website’s functions. If you accept cookies, you can opt to delete such accepted cookies at a later point in time. You can delete cookies in Internet Explorer 8 by selecting “Tools” > “Delete Browsing History” and then clicking on the button “Delete Cookies”. If you delete the cookies, all set-tings controlled by these cookies, including advertising settings, will be deleted, possibly irrecoverably.
Use of Google Analytics (this text is provided by Google, Inc)
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", which are text files placed on your com-puter to help the website analyse how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties pro-cess the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data col-lected about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
For more detailed information in this regard, please go to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or to www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html (general information on Google Analytics and data protection). We would like to point out that the code “gat._anonymizeIp();” was added to Google Analytics on this website to ensure that only anonymised IP addresses are recorded (IP masking).
Adobe SiteCatalyst
SIXT uses Adobe SiteCatalyst by Adobe Systems Inc. (“Adobe”) to compile its web statistics. Through this web analysis program, Adobe records and collects anonymous data, which are then used to analyse and gain a better understanding of the online behaviour of visitors to SIXT websites. The data analysed includes information about the links that led customers to the SIXT website, browser types, operating systems (e.g. MAC OS or Windows), screen resolutions, colour capabilities, plugins, language settings, cookie settings, search engine terms and JavaScript activation. The program also records the number of visits to the website and its subsites, and the amount of time spent on the respective sites.
This information is then cumulated and provided by Adobe to SIXT in a format that renders web-site usage patterns comprehensible. The data used here are not personal data; in no way can they be used to draw inferences as to a person’s identity.
If you do not want SIXT to receive this information in future, please click here: http://esixtgmbhandcokg.d3.sc.omtrdc.net/optout.html?locale=de_DE&popup=true
If you would like to receive more information about data protection at Adobe, or would like to declare your opt-out to Adobe directly, please click here
Legal basis for the above processing
Art. 6 (1) point a) GDPR applies where consent is given for the use of the website with the help of cookies
Art. 6 (1) point f) GDPR applies where personal data is processed.
Legitimate interest, to the extent that Art. 6 (1) point f) GDPR applies to the type of processing concerned
Our legitimate interests in processing your personal data via our website lie in our desire to optimise our internet offering and, as such, offer our customers best possible services and sus-tainably increase customer satisfaction.
Categories of recipients of your data
We moreover transmit data to Google, Inc in the aforementioned scope (see → Purposes of data processing).
Storage duration/criteria for storage duration
SIXT stores your personal data until they are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed (see → Purposes of data processing at SIXT). Where SIXT is under legal obligation to store personal data, it will store personal data for the preservation period stipulated by law. The preservation period for commercial documents, which include bookkeeping documents and accounting records (including invoices), is 10 years (Section 257 (4) of the German Commercial Code). During this period, your data may be subject to restricted use within day-to-day operations if its processing serves no further purposes.
Rights of the persons concerned
Rights pursuant to Art. 15 – 18 and 20 GDPR
You have the right to, at reasonable intervals, obtain information about your personal data under storage (Art. 15 GDPR). The information you are entitled to includes information about whether or not personal data concerning you are stored, about the categories of personal data concerned, and about the purposes of the processing. Upon request, SIXT will provide you with a copy of the personal data that are processed.
You also have the right to obtain from SIXT the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning you (Art. 16 GDPR).
You furthermore have the right to obtain from SIXT the erasure of personal data concerning you (Art. 17 GDPR). We are under obligation to erase personal data in certain circumstances, including if the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed, if you withdraw the consent on which the processing is based, and if the personal data have been unlawfully processed.
Under certain circumstances, you have the right to have the processing of your personal data restricted (Art. 18 DSGVO). These include circumstances in which you contest the accuracy of your personal data and we then have to verify such accuracy. In such cases, we must refrain from further processing your personal data, with the exception of storage, until the matter has been clarified.
Should you opt to change to receive investor relations information from a different vehicle rental company, you have the right either to receive, in a machine-readable format, the data that you provided to us based on your consent or on a contractual agreement with us, or to have us transmit, also in a machine-readable format, such data to a third party of your choice (Right to data portability, Art. 20 GDPR).
No contractual or legal obligations to provide data/consequences of failure to provide data
You are not contractually or legally obliged to provide us with your personal data. Please note, however, that you possibly cannot enter into contract with us if we are not permitted to collect and process the data as required.
Right to object pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR
If the processing of your data by SIXT is necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller (Art. 6 (1) point e) GDPR) or if it is necessary in the legitimate interests of SIXT, then you have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your data. SIXT will then end the processing, unless we can present compelling legitimate grounds for such processing that supersede the grounds for ending the processing.
You may object, at any time and without restriction, to the processing of your personal data for purposes of direct advertising.
Right to withdraw consent at any time
If data processing at SIXT is based on your consent, then you have the right to, at any time, withdraw the consent you granted. The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing between the time consent was granted and the time it was revoked.
Right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority
You have the right to lodge complaints with the supervisory authority responsible for SIXT. Please send such complaints to the following address:
Bayerisches Landesamt für Datenschutzaufsicht (BayLDA)
Promenade 27 (Schloss)
Sixt in social media
