Brazilian real closes at record 4.197 to the dollar
New York (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 20:19
Volkswagen to end iconic 'Beetle' cars in 2019
Washington (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 17:41
London (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 17:21
Skripal suspects interview 'an insult to public's intelligence': Downing Street
Washington (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 15:18
Trump rejects P.Rico storm toll of 3,000 as Democrat plot
Frankfurt am Main (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 14:56
ECB trims eurozone growth forecast for 2018, 2019
Frankfurt am Main (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 14:49
Draghi: eurozone risks 'broadly balanced' despite rising 'uncertainties'
Madrid (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 14:28
Frankfurt am Main (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 13:52
ECB leaves rates unchanged, confirms stimulus scale-back
Paris (AFP) - 09/13/2018 - 13:15
Search form
Privacy Policy
 
1. The data we collect
We may collect the data listed below in connection with your use of the Platform. These data are not all considered to be "personal data" under applicable law. However, we want to provide you with the most comprehensive information on all the data we process when you use this Platform.
 
1.1 Information you provide us​
The Platform provides access to different forms that enable you to subscribe to AFP or to buy some Content, to receive some specific information or register for events, to send us some information or press releases, to apply for a job at AFP or to contact us for other reasons. You may also, on a voluntary basis, answer questionnaires, opinions or surveys that we offer in order to improve our services or your browsing experience.
 
1.2 Information we collect when you use the Platform​
 
 
 
 
Information on the reading or not of the emails we send you and on your clicks on the links contained in these emails.
 
2. Purposes of data processing
 
Legal basis
Provide you with information about our services and answer all your questions
This processing is carried out with your consent
Provide you with the ability to customize your preferences on the Site
This processing is carried out for the purpose of your legitimate interest and / or with your consent
Handle and correct any incidents or errors of the Site
This processing is carried out for the purpose of our legitimate interest (ensuring the performance and security of the Platform)
For internal audits on data analysis and audience statistics
This processing is carried out for the purpose of our legitimate interest (better understanding the interests of users and improving our services and support)
To send you, in accordance with applicable law, and with your agreement when it so requires, the AFP Newsletter and some marketing, advertising and promotional messages about the products, services or events of AFP and subsidiaries that may interest you
This processing is carried out with your consent and / or for the purpose of our legitimate interest (to transmit you information and relevant contents)
Evaluate the effectiveness of the advertising messages we send and adapt them to our clients and prospects
 
3. ​Data retention period
 
Data categories​
Retention period
3 years after the closure of the file
Data relating to your transmission of a content that may be published
10 years after the reception of the content (beyond this period, these data are archived)
Complaint, claim (including editorial), request for a right of access
10 years after the closure of the file (beyond this period, these data are archived)
Data issued from questionnaires, opinions or surveys
 
Data categories
Retention period
Data relating to the enforcement of the contract: management of the client account, orders, downloads, billing, payments
10 years after the end of the contract
Contact details: name, surname, civility, email, phone number, activity, company
5 years after the end of the contract
 
               
4. Use of cookies
 
4.1 What is a cookie?
 
We use the cookies defined below on this Platform.
 
 
 
Audience measurement cookies (Google Analytics third-party cookies): these cookies are used to enable us to recognize and count the number of visitors on the Platform and to collect information on how it is used. (navigation route, most visited pages, etc.).
 
 
 
 
 
 
Configuration of your browser settings​
If you wish to refuse cookies or delete cookies stored on your device, you can do so via the preferences of your internet browser. These navigation options relating to cookies are normally found in the "Options", "Tools" or "Preferences" menus of the browser that you use to access this Platform. However, according to the different existing browsers, different means can be used to disable cookies. To know more you can consult additional information from the referenced links below:
 
Online deactivation of Google Analytics cookies
 
5.1 Cases in which transfers can be made​
 
Third parties with whom we collaborate may have access to your personal data, in particular the subcontractors we use in relation to some technical, commercial, marketing, legal and e-mail services.
 
 
 
5.2 Places to which transfers can be made​
We strive to host and keep your data within the European Union. However, some data may be transferred to countries outside of the European Union, some of which may have a less protective legislation relating to personal data than that applicable within the European Union.
This is the case of data transmitted to some of our subcontractors located outside of the European Union, which we can use for certain specific services.
 
6. Commercial Communications by Email
We may send you, in accordance with applicable law, and with your agreement when it so requires, the AFP Newsletter and some marketing, advertising or promotional messages on products, services or events from AFP or its subsidiaries that may interest you.
 
7. The implementation of your rights on your personal data
You have the possibility to ask us for a copy of your personal data that we hold, as well as their rectification or erasure. You can also ask us to restrict a processing or to oppose a processing. Note however that in these last two cases, your access to all or part of the Platform and / or to the services may be impacted.
You can request to exercise your right to data portability, that is to say the right to receive the personal data that you have provided us in a structured format, in order to transmit such data to another controller.
You can also make special instructions regarding the fate of your personal data after your death.
In each of the above cases, we are likely, in order to respond to your request, to (i) verify your identity and (ii) ask you to provide us with additional information.
Note that we may retain some information when required by law or when we have a legitimate reason to do so.
 
75002 Paris
Contact us
If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via...
The global network of Agence France Presse covers 151 countries
About AFP
AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, accurate, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from conflicts to politics, economics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. 
