Website Secure Shopping Guarantee
The Calvin Klein website located at www.calvinklein.com uses an industry standard encryption protocol known as Secure Socket Layer (SSL) to protect your order information. Each payment transaction made through the calvinklein.com website (or any successor or similar digital property such as an official app operated by us) (the “Site”) will be transmitted using SSL encryption. If any unauthorized charges appear on your credit card as a result of shopping on our Site, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. Provided that the unauthorized use of your credit card was not due to your fault, if your bank holds you responsible for fraudulent charges, we will cover the liability of unauthorized purchases made through the Site using your credit card, up to a limit of $50.00 (to the extent permitted by applicable law).
Terms & Conditions
Last Updated December 19, 2016. Calvin Klein, Inc. ("Calvin Klein," “we,” “us,” or “our”) provides a website located at calvinklein.com in conjunction with third parties. In certain Calvin Klein stores, we may provide a wireless local area network for use by consumers (the “Wi-Fi Service”). These Terms and Conditions apply to your use of the calvinklein.com website (or any successor or similar digital property such as an official app operated by us) (the “Site”), the Wi-Fi Service (where offered), and any other services provided by us (individually or collectively, the “Service”). Use of the Wi-Fi Service is subject to additional terms specified in our Wi-Fi Terms of Service , which appear below. Calvin Klein and its parent, affiliates, and licensees, and their respective officers, directors, employees, shareholders, agents, successors, assigns, vendors, retail partners and any other party involved in the creation, operation, production or transmission of the Site or provision of any other Service shall be referred to herein as "Calvin Klein Parties." PLEASE REVIEW THESE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY PRIOR TO USING THE SITE OR ANY OTHER SERVICE. YOUR USE OF ANY SERVICE INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. EACH TIME THAT YOU USE A SERVICE, THE CURRENT VERSION OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS WILL APPLY. WHEN YOU USE A SERVICE, YOU SHOULD CHECK THE DATE OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS (WHICH APPEARS ABOVE) AND REVIEW ANY CHANGES THAT HAVE BEEN MADE SINCE YOUR LAST VISIT TO THE SITE. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE OR ANY OTHER CALVIN KLEIN SERVICE. 1. Site User Eligibility. The Site is available worldwide and may be operated from various locations both within and outside the United States of America ("USA"). Access to and use of the Site, including functionality and features available on the Site ("Features") and products and services available for purchase through the Site, however, may be inappropriate, prohibited or restricted in countries outside the United States. The Calvin Klein Parties make no warranty or representations that the Site or the Features are appropriate or available for access/use outside of the USA. If you access/use the Site from outside the USA, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for complying with the laws and regulations of the territory from which you access/use the Site. Users of all ages are welcome to browse the Site. However, if you are under the age of 13, you should not provide any information about yourself on or through the Site, including, but not limited to, your name, address, email address, phone number and other personal information. 2. Establishing an Account. Users of all ages are welcome to browse the Site, however, you may only establish an account if you are 18 years of age or over. In order to purchase products/services from the Site and in order to access/use some Features on the Site, you may be required to establish and use an account. When you register for an account you must (i) provide accurate and truthful information, and (ii) update such information from time to time as necessary to keep your registration information current and accurate. By establishing an account, you represent and warrant you have the right and are authorized to provide the information you provide when you register for your account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information and password and for restricting access to such information and to your computer. All activities that occur under your account and/or password shall be your responsibility. 3. Information You Provide/Submissions. Your personal information will be handled in accordance with and subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy ). Any other material, information, suggestions, ideas, concepts, know-how, techniques, questions, comments and any other communication or content you transmit or post to this Site in any form and in any manner ("User Communications") (i) is and will be considered non-confidential, non-personal and non-proprietary to you or anyone else and (ii) may be disseminated or used by the Calvin Klein Parties for any purpose without (a) compensation to you or anyone else or (b) acknowledgement of you or anyone else as the source of such User Communications. Therefore, do not transmit or post to the Site any ideas, materials, suggestions, content or other information you would like to keep confidential or for which you would like or expect acknowledgement or compensation. You hereby grant the Calvin Klein Parties a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual license to reproduce, disclose, transmit, modify, create derivative works of, adapt, publish, publicly perform and display, distribute, syndicate, sublicense and otherwise use User Communications in any manner whatsoever for any or all commercial or non-commercial purposes, with or without attribution to you or any other party ("User Communications License"). The Calvin Klein Parties may, but are not obligated to, monitor or review any User Communications. The Calvin Klein Parties shall have no obligations to use, return, review, or respond to any User Communications or any liability related to the content of any such User Communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. Calvin Klein retains the right to remove any or all User Communications that includes any material that Calvin Klein deems inappropriate or unacceptable. By making a User Communication, you represent and warrant that (i) you own all right, title and interest in and to the User Communication, or you have the necessary approvals and permissions to grant the User Communications License described above, (ii) the User Communication, and the exercise by Calvin Klein (or other authorized parties) of the rights granted under the User Communications License in relation to such User Communication, does not violate applicable law or the intellectual property rights or other rights of others, including, but not limited to, patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark, publicity, privacy and contract rights of others and (iii) the User Communication does not contain software viruses, spiders, spybots, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, any form of spam, or any other content that is prohibited under these Terms and Conditions. We do not guarantee that User Communications will not be lost or damaged or that you will be able to retrieve User Communications. 4. Prohibited Submissions. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, defamatory, libelous, obscene, pornographic or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense or give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. In addition to any remedies that Calvin Klein may have at law or in equity, if Calvin Klein reasonably determines that you have violated or are likely to violate the foregoing prohibitions, Calvin Klein may take any action they reasonably deem necessary to cure or prevent the violation, including without limitation, the immediate removal from this Site of the related materials. Calvin Klein will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order or subpoena requesting or directing Calvin Klein to disclose the identity of anyone posting such materials. 5. Ownership and Permitted Use of Content. The Site design and all text, graphics, information, trademarks, service marks, trade names, photographs, advertisements, content, and other material displayed on or that can be downloaded from the Site or any similar Service (the "Content") are either the property of, or used with permission by, Calvin Klein. The ownership of all Content is retained by its owner. You may not (i) modify the information or materials located on the Site in any way or reproduce or publicly display, perform, or distribute or otherwise use any such materials for any public or commercial purpose, including marketing, or (ii) remove, obscure or otherwise deface proprietary notices appearing on any Content, including copyright, trademark and other intellectual property notices. The Content is protected by copyright, trademark and other laws and international treaty provisions and may not be used except as permitted in these Terms and Conditions or with the prior written permission of the owner of such Content. Any unauthorized use by you of such Content may subject you to civil and criminal penalties. 6. Trademarks. Certain trademarks, trade names, service marks and logos used or displayed on this Site are registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of Calvin Klein and its parent, affiliates, or other related or affiliated parties. Other trademarks, trade names and service marks used or displayed on the Site are the registered and unregistered trademarks, trade names and service marks of their respective owners. Nothing contained on the Site or any Service grants or should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of the displayed trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos without the written permission of Calvin Klein, it parent, affiliates, or other related or affiliated parties. 7. Prohibited Actions. While visiting the Site and participating in, accessing and using the Features (cumulatively "Using the Site"), you must conduct yourself in a polite, courteous and respectful manner, comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations and supply truthful and non-misleading information. For example, you may not, while Using the Site: request, or otherwise attempt to harvest, obtain or store, personal information, passwords, account information or any other type of information relating to other users; access or use another person's account; disguise the origin of User Communication; alter, modify, frame, or "mirror" any Content; create a deep-link to our Site by by-passing our Site's home page; use any data mining, robots, or similar data-gathering and extraction tools in connection with the Site; inhibit, disrupt, or otherwise prevent anyone from using or accessing the Site or interrupt any user's experience on the Site, including, but not limited to, acting in any manner that disrupts users' real-time exchanges; interfere with or disrupt the Site, or servers or network connections to the Site, disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Site; modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Site; or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Site (or any portion thereof). 8. Availability of Products, Services, Features and Content. All Features, Content, and products and services available on or through the Site, including, but not limited to, prices of such products and services, are subject to change at any time without notice. In addition, any Feature, Content, product or service may be discontinued at any time in our sole discretion. The inclusion of any Features, Content, products or services in this Site at a particular time does not imply or warrant that these products or services will be available at any time. It is your responsibility to ascertain and obey all applicable local, state, federal and international laws (including minimum age requirements) in regard to the possession, use and sale of any service or product purchased from this Site. By placing an order, you represent that the products ordered will be used only in a lawful manner. 9. Accuracy of Information. The Calvin Klein Parties take reasonable efforts to ensure that information on the Site is complete, accurate and current. Despite such efforts, however, the information on this Site may be inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Weights, measures, product descriptions, recommendations, commentary regarding products and similar descriptions are provided for convenience purposes only and may be approximations. The Calvin Klein Parties make efforts to accurately display the attributes of our products and services available for purchase, including the applicable colors; however, the actual color you see will depend on your computer system and we cannot guarantee that your computer will accurately display such colors. The Calvin Klein Parties make no representation as to the completeness, accuracy or timeliness of any information on this Site. For example, products included on the Site may be unavailable, may have different attributes than those listed, or may actually carry a different price than that stated on the Site. In addition, we may make changes in information about price and availability without notice. While it is the practice of the Calvin Klein Parties to confirm orders by email, the receipt of an email order confirmation does not constitute acceptance of an order or confirmation of an offer to sell a product or service. The Calvin Klein Parties reserve the right, without prior notice, to limit the order quantity on any product or service and/or to refuse service to any customer. The Calvin Klein Parties also may require verification of information prior to the acceptance and/or shipment of any order. 10. Shipment of Order. Orders will be shipped to the address designated by the purchaser as long as that shipping address is compliant with the shipping restrictions contained on this Site. All purchases from this Site are made pursuant to a shipment contract. As a result, risk of loss and title for items purchased from this Site pass to the buyer upon delivery of the items to the carrier. The buyer is responsible for filing any claims with carriers for damaged and/or lost shipments. 11. Linking to this Site. Creating or maintaining any link from another website to any page on this Site without Calvin Klein's prior written permission is prohibited. Any permitted links to this Site must comply will all applicable laws, rule and regulations. 12. Applicability of Additional Terms and Conditions. Additional or different terms and conditions ("Other Terms") may apply in connection with certain Features (e.g. testimonials, sweepstakes or contest entries) or another Service offered by us. If applicable, these Other Terms will be set forth (i) where you are permitted to submit Content, access or use Features or any other Service, or purchase products and services, or (ii) in a link adjacent to where you are permitted to submit Content, access Features, or purchase products and services. These Other Terms are incorporated into and made a part of these Terms and Conditions by reference. In the event Other Terms conflict with these Terms and Conditions, the Other Terms shall control with respect to the subject matter to which such Other Terms apply. 13. Third Party Links. From time to time, this Site may contain links to websites that are not governed by these Terms and Conditions (the "Linked Sites"). All such links are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. The Calvin Klein Parties are not responsible for any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from any other website. The Calvin Klein Parties do not endorse, guarantee, or make any representations or warranties regarding any other website, or any content, materials or other information located on or accessible from such websites, or the results that you may obtain from using such websites. If you decide to access any other website linked to or from this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk. You should review the policies and terms and conditions associated with Linked Sites closely before using, submitting information to such Linked Sites, and allowing children to visit Linked Sites. 14. Disclaimer of Warranty. THE SITE AND ANY OTHER SERVICE PROVIDED BY US ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, CALVIN KLEIN AND THE OTHER CALVIN KLEIN PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES: (i) OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT; OR (ii) THAT ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SITE OR ANY OTHER SERVICE OR ANY PART THEREOF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL CODE, OR SECURE, OR THAT PROBLEMS WILL BE CORRECTED, EVEN IF CALVIN KLEIN OR ANY OTHER CALVIN KLEIN PARTY IS ON NOTICE OF SUCH PROBLEMS. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND RESOURCES, ACCESSED THROUGH USE OF THE SERVICE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO THOSE THIRD-PARTY SITES AND RESOURCES. 15. Limitations of Liability. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE CALVIN KLEIN PARTIES BE LIABLE TO ANY PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE ANY SERVICE, OR THE RESULTS THEREFROM, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMER OF EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW (INCLUDING, E.G, AS PROHIBITTED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY). PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS. 16. Termination. Calvin Klein reserves the right to suspend or terminate your account (and, subject to applicable laws, delete the profile corresponding to such account and any accompanying content) or your use of the Site or Features or any other Service at any time, for any reason or for no reason. We reserve the right to change, suspend, or discontinue all or any aspect of this Site and Features, products and services available on or through the Site, or any other Service at any time without notice. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur or are made under your account prior to termination. We shall not be liable to you or any third party for any of the foregoing. 17. Dispute Resolution/Arbitration Binding Arbitration To the fullest extent permitted by law, any claim, controversy or dispute arising out of or relating to the Site or any other Service, these terms or any other policies or other terms incorporated herein (including the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation, enforceability, validity, or rights under any of any of the foregoing) (each, a “Dispute”) will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its choice of law principles. You and Calvin Klein each agree to submit exclusively to confidential, binding arbitration in the event of a Dispute. The arbitration will be held in New York, New York on an individual basis and not as a class action. You expressly waive any right you may have to arbitrate a dispute as a class action. You also expressly waive your right to a jury trial. The arbitration will be administered by JAMS (http://www.jamsadr.com). You may obtain a copy of the rules of JAMS by contacting the organization. Each of us shall agree on one arbitrator to conduct the arbitration. In the event the parties cannot agree on an arbitrator, the arbitrator will be selected in accordance with the JAMS rules. Each party shall be responsible for its own attorney, expert and other fees, unless such fees are awarded by the arbitrator to the prevailing party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section, to the extent either party in any manner has violated or threatened to violate the other party’s intellectual property rights, the non-breaching party may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction. Arbitration Final The arbitrator’s award is final and binding on all parties. The Federal Arbitration Act, and not any state law concerning arbitration, governs all arbitration under this clause. Any court having jurisdiction may enter judgment on the arbitrator’s award. If any part of this clause, other than waivers of class action rights, is deemed or found to be unenforceable for any reason, the remainder shall remain enforceable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, if the waiver of class action rights contained herein is not enforceable as to any person or persons, such non-enforceability shall apply to such person or persons only, and all other persons shall continue to be governed by the Arbitration Clause. Giving Up Right of Class Action As stated above, these terms provide that all Disputes will be resolved by binding arbitration and not in court or by jury trial. IF A DISPUTE IS ARBITRATED, YOU GIVE UP YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A CLASS REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS MEMBER ON ANY CLASS CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE AGAINST THE CALVIN KLEIN PARTIES INCLUDING ANY RIGHT TO CLASS ARBITRATION OR ANY CONSOLIDATION OF INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATIONS. WITHOUT LIMITATION, THIS INCLUDES GIVING UP YOUR RIGHTS TO BRING OR PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION AS SET FORTH IN ANY STATE STATUTE. Additional Limit on Claims Except as otherwise prohibited by law, any Dispute must be brought within one (1) year from the date the cause of action arises. 18. Miscellaneous You may not use the Site or any Service to export or re-export the materials in violation of any applicable laws or regulations including without limitation United States export laws and regulations. If any provision of these terms is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. These Terms and Conditions and any other policies or other terms incorporated herein, constitute the entire agreement between you and Calvin Klein relating to your use of the Site or any other Service and the use, handling, and rights to User Information or personal information submitted or provided by you, superseding any other agreement between you and Calvin Klein with respect to the subject matter hereof. Section headings in these terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. If any provision of these terms or any other policies or other terms incorporated herein shall be found to be unenforceable, the other provisions shall still remain in full force and effect. A printed version of these terms or any other policies or other terms incorporated herein shall be admissible in judicial and administrative proceedings based thereon to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. 19. Contact Us. For issues or questions related to the Site or any other Service or these Terms and Conditions please email us by clicking on Contact Customer Service or call us at 866-513-0513. Representatives are available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.
Wi-Fi Terms of Use
Last Updated November 22, 2016. BY CONNECTING TO ANY WIRELESS LOCAL AREA NETWORK THAT IS PROVIDED FOR CONSUMER USE IN A CALVIN KLEIN STORE (THE "WI-FI SERVICE"), YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE WIRELESS NETWORK TERMS OF USE ("WI-FI TERMS OF USE") BETWEEN YOU AND CALVIN KLEIN, INC. ("CALVIN KLEIN," “WE” or “US”), UNDERSTAND THEM, AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THEM, ONLY USE THE WI-FI SERVICE IN ACCORANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS, AND HAVE THE LEGAL CAPACITY TO DO SO. EACH TIME THAT YOU USE THE WI-FI SERVICE, THE CURRENT VERSION OF THESE TERMS OF USE WILL APPLY. WHEN YOU USE THE WI-FI SERVICE, YOU SHOULD CHECK THE DATE OF THE TERMS OF USE (WHICH APPEARS ABOVE) AND REVIEW ANY CHANGES THAT HAVE BEEN MADE SINCE YOU LAST USED THE WI-FI SERVICE. If you do not agree to these Wi-Fi Terms of Use, do not use or access the Wi-Fi Service. Use of the Wi-Fi Service is voluntary. Wi-Fi Service Availability The Wi-Fi Service is offered at select Calvin Klein stores or other locations in the United States. The Wi-Fi Service is provided solely as convenience to you. It is not intended to subject Calvin Klein to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. You are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. Right to Discontinue or Limit the Wi-Fi Service The Wi-Fi Service is currently provided at no charge. However, Calvin Klein reserves the right in the future to charge fees in connection with the Wi-Fi Service. The Wi-Fi Service may not be accessible from all devices. Calvin Klein may also suspend, discontinue or limit the Wi-Fi Service (e.g., by limiting the use of the Wi-Fi Service to certain sites) at any time and in its sole discretion. Risk of Unencrypted Network; User Responsibilities Use of the Wi-Fi Service is at your own risk. There are privacy and security risks associated with connecting to the Internet over wireless communications. The Wi-Fi Service is not encrypted or secured in any way, and any material or other communications that you transmit or receive using the Wi-Fi Service may be accessible to third parties. Accordingly, while using the Wi-Fi Service, you assume all responsibility and waive any claim against Calvin Klein associated with the privacy and/or security of wireless communications and thus are responsible for (i) implementing any safeguards you deem to be appropriate to protect and secure your privacy and systems; and (ii) evaluating the suitability, appropriateness or legality of any third party content or other materials you may encounter online in using the Wi-Fi Service. Monitoring and Confidentiality Calvin Klein has the right (but not the obligation) to monitor and/or screen your communications and activities via the Wi-Fi Service during transmission and in connection with use of this Wi-Fi Service. Calvin Klein may access, preserve or disclose any such information for purposes of ensuring your compliance with these Wi-Fi Terms of Use and applicable law, cooperating with legal authorities, and otherwise protecting the rights, property and interests of Calvin Klein and its parent, affiliates, partners, and/or guests. Calvin Klein cannot assure that your communications or activities will be private or secure during your use of the Wi-Fi Service. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU DO NOT HAVE AN EXPECTATION OF PRIVACY OR CONFIDENTIALITY WHEN USING THE WI-FI SERVICE. Information Collection and Use Calvin Klein collects information about your use of the Wi-Fi Service, including bandwidth use, type of device (including make and model), your device’s MAC address, IP address, received signal strength indicator (RSSI) and other technical details about your device (e.g., operating system), session length, sites visited and use of Calvin Klein services (e.g. mobile coupons, mobile applications), the areas in-store that you may visit. Please note that we may collect information even if you do not actively use your Internet browser or mobile applications while you are at one of our locations. Also, please note that disconnecting yourself from our Wi-Fi network will only disconnect you during your current visit. We may associate this information with other data we have collected from or about you. This information is used for internal operations such as enhancing the Wi-Fi Service’s effectiveness, analyzing how the Wi-Fi Service is used and improving our stores, mobile experience and marketing efforts, and for purposes specified in our Privacy Policy. For further information regarding Calvin Klein’s collection, use and disclosure of information collected in connection with your use of the Wi-Fi Service, please see the Calvin Klein Privacy Policy . Additionally, we require that you submit your email address in order to connect to the Wi-Fi Service. Upon submission of your contact information (e.g., email), you will consent to receive marketing communications from us and we can use your contact information to provide you with personalized offers, promotions and other content in accordance with our Privacy Policy . You can unsubscribe at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in our email communications or by following instructions provided in our Privacy Policy . Prohibited Actions In using the Wi-Fi Service, you may not: • Resell or otherwise grant access to any party not authorized by Calvin Klein; • Use the Wi-Fi Service to transmit material or in any manner that is infringing, libelous, indecent, threatening, harassing, tortious, malicious, obscene, that violates another’s privacy, is hateful or otherwise unlawful or harmful to anyof the Calvin Klein Parties (as defined in the Terms & Conditions) or any other party involved in the operations or delivery of this Wi-Fi Service; • Attempt to gain unauthorized access to systems or networks of any of the Calvin Klein Parties; • Harvest, scrape, or otherwise collect or store any information about other users of the Wi-Fi Service, including e-mail addresses, without the express consent of such users; • Engage in any activity in the nature of a “denial of service” attack or otherwise interfere with the use of the Wi-Fi Service by any other user; • Impersonate any person or entity or otherwise falsely state or otherwise your affiliation with a person or entity, forge headers, or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any material transmitted by the Wi-Fi Service or engage in phishing, hacking, port scanning or other fraudulent activity; • Create a “mail drop” for communications or engage or permit e-mail relay services; • “Spoof” or otherwise impersonate any other party, falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your identity or affiliation in any way, or delete or alter any part of TCP/IP packed header or sender identification information in any communication; • Transmit any content that contains or installs any viruses, worms, bugs, Trojan horses, malware or other malicious code, files or programs designed or having the capability to disrupt damage or limit the functionality of any network, system, software, hardware or personal information; • Engage in any activity which is harmful to minors or permit a minor to use this service to access any content intended for adult audiences; • Transmit (by uploading, posting, email or otherwise) any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, "junk mail," "spam," "chain letters," "pyramid schemes" or any other form of solicitation; • Disrupt the normal flow of dialogue, cause a screen to "scroll" faster than other users of the Wi-Fi Service are able to type, or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users’ ability to engage in real time exchanges; • Interfere with or disrupt the Wi-Fi Service or servers or networks connected to the Wi-Fi Service, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Wi-Fi Service; or • Use the Wi-Fi Service as a replacement for residential or commercial Internet access or for high volume data transfers, especially sustained high volume data transfers, hosting a web server, IRC server, or any other server. Calvin Klein has the right (but not the obligation), at any time and at its sole discretion, to block inappropriate material, websites or other resources, and/or suspend or terminate an individual’s access to the Wi-Fi Service for engaging in these prohibited uses, or for any other reason or no reason at all. Additional Terms and Conditions Use of the Wi-Fi Service is also subject to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy , which are incorporated into these Wi-Fi Terms if Use by reference.
Website, Digital, and Store Privacy Policy
Effective Date – November 22, 2016 Your privacy is important to Calvin Klein, Inc. ("Calvin Klein" "we" or "us"). This Website, Digital, and Store Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes the types of information we gather from individuals (i) visiting our website located at www.calvinklein.com (or any successor or similar digital property such as an official app operated by us) (the "Site"), (ii) using the wireless local area network provided to consumers at select Calvin Klein stores (the “Wi-Fi Service”) or other services provided by us (individually or collectively, the “Service”), (iv) our stores, or (v) any marketing or other channels described in this Privacy Policy, and how we use that information. By accessing the Site or any other Service or by contributing any personal information in one or our stores or other marketing channels, you agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site or any other Service. Each time you visit the Site, the current version of the Privacy Policy will apply. When you use the Site, you should check the date of the Privacy Policy (which appears above) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to the Site. If you have provided us with your email address, we will also notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending an email at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes to the email address you most recently provided to us. We encourage you to keep the email address you provide to us current, and to promptly notify us of any changes to your email address, so that you may receive any notices we send to you regarding material changes to this Privacy Policy. Collection and Use of Information You Provide and How We Use it Below is a description of the channels through which we may collect different types of personal information (e.g., your contact or payment information) that you may provide to us and the ways in which that we may use such information. Website and other Services Online Shopping If you purchase any products from our Site or other Service, we request that you provide information such as your name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address and payment card information. We use this information to process your purchase, confirm your order, provide customer service, and deliver items to you. We also may use the information to communicate with you about products or services, but only if you have given us your consent to do so. Account Information You may be able to register to create an account on the Site or through another Service. To create an account, we ask for information such as your name, email address, or other information about you. Through the "my account" feature, you may be able to store billing and shipping information, including credit card information. We use this information to be able to provide you with faster checkouts and marketing communications to the extent permitted by this Privacy Policy. Wish List or Tell-A-Friend Features You may provide you with a feature to create a wish list of products, including the ability to share your list with friends and family. If you choose to share your list, we ask for your name and email address and the recipient's email address. This information is used only to email your list to your desired recipients. Contact Us If you communicate with us through the "Contact Us" link or similar feature on the Site, we use contact information that you submit to and communicate with you about your questions and comments. Information that We Automatically Collect We, along with our third party service partners may automatically collect information about you when you use the Site to help us measure and determine how visitors use the Site and the effectiveness of the Site in order to help us improve and optimize the Site and the products and services we offer. The information automatically collected about you may include, but is not limited to, device ID, device type, browser type and version, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Site, ad data, IP address, referring website address, and standard web log information. Use of Cookies Our Site uses cookies or similar technology, which are pieces of information which websites transfer to your computer's web browser for storage on your computer's hard drive. The messages store non-personally-identifiable information to help us gauge the success of our Site and will track session information such as what pages you access and for how long, which allows us to make updates to enhance your experience including through recognizing your preferences to make shopping easier for you and providing you with a customized experience. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. You may also obtain third party software that will allow you to visit the Site without providing the information gathered by cookies. Most internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Since our Site does not require the use of cookies you may use the calvinklein.us website without restriction even if you have blocked cookies on your browser. These cookies also help to improve targeting of our advertisements on other websites. If you do not wish to see Calvin Klein advertisements when visiting other websites then you can opt out of data collection on the calvinklein.us website by clicking here: Opt Out In addition, if you access the Site through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer. Information Provided to Us by Social Media Services Users may be able to access the Site through third-party social media platforms (such as Facebook) (each, a “Social Media Service”). If you log on to Site through a Social Media Service, you give us permission to access, store and use any information that you permit the applicable Social Media Service to share with us in accordance with your privacy settings with the applicable Social Media Service. If you choose to log on to the Site through a Social Media Service, we are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content of the applicable Social Media Service. We encourage you to review, and if necessary, adjust, your privacy settings with the applicable Social Media Service before logging in to the Site using the applicable Social Media Service. Information that we receive from Social Media Services is stored and use by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Sweepstakes, Contests or Surveys We may provide you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests or surveys on our Site or through another Service. If you choose to participate, we may request certain personal information from you, such as your name, email, address, postal address and telephone number. We use this information to administer any contests, sweepstakes or surveys and for other purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. Stores Shopping When you buy products or obtain services in our Stores, we ask you for information we need to process your purchase or provide you with services. Depending on the payment method you use, and as permitted by applicable law, we may ask for information such as your name, mailing address, telephone number, driver's license or ID number, passport number, checking account information or payment card information. We also collect information about your purchase, such as the items you bought, the price of the items, the payment method you used and if the product was on sale. We use this information that you provide to process your transaction and may also use the information to communicate with you about products or services, but only if you have given us your consent to do so. Customer Registry You may join our Customer Registry at our Stores. To join, we ask for your name, postal address, email address and mobile and home telephone numbers. You also may choose to provide us with your birth date and gender. We use this information to be able to uniquely identify your registry and to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions and for other marketing and customer service purposes. Sharing Information with Third Parties Calvin Klein will not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your information, without your consent, to unrelated third parties, for their direct marketing purposes or otherwise, except as stated in this Privacy Policy. We may share your information with our parent or affiliates for use solely for their internal business purposes. We (and our parent/affiliates) may share your information with our third party service providers that provide assistance with operating or hosting the Site; providing or fulfilling the products and services you request; authorizing and processing of your payments; performing fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, marketing and promotional material distribution, website evaluation, data analysis, Site improvements, and, where applicable, data cleansing, marketing, promotions and other services performed on our behalf or on behalf of our parent or affiliates. We use Adobe Analytics (and may from time to time use other third parties) to provide you with targeted content or advertisements. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having information used, please click here. In addition, we may share or transfer information about you to unrelated third parties: if required to do so by law or to comply with a legal requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process; to investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; or when we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Calvin Klein or other persons. We may use certain aggregate information for research or marketing purposes and may share, trade or publish that aggregate information and statistical data derived from such information with our parent, affiliates or third parties for research or marketing purposes. We do not use aggregate information to identify a particular user. Security The security of your personal information is important to us and Calvin Klein is committed to handling such information carefully. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard your personal information. We use secure socket layer ("SSL") technology to protect the security of your credit card information and we encrypt this information when it is sent over the Internet as described in our Online Secure Shopping Guarantee . No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Other Sites The Site may link from several points to third party websites. Calvin Klein has no control over third party privacy policies, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. Please examine the privacy policies of such third parties prior to submitting any personal information. Neither Calvin Klein nor service providers control the content that appears on any third party sites and do not endorse any of their products or services. Links to third party sites are provided solely for your convenience and any submission of data to such sites should be performed at your sole risk. Site Not Directed To Children Calvin Klein is concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet, and understands that children may not fully comprehend all of the provisions of our Privacy Policy or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we will never request information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has registered without prior verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her information from our files. Business Transfers In the event that Calvin Klein or its parent or any affiliates is acquired (whether by sale of assets or ownership interests) by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from visitors to our Site, our customers, or others as described in this Privacy Policy as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may transfer your data to a successor or to a third party that purchases our assets arising from such circumstances. Opt-Out You may withdraw your previously provided consent and elect not to receive marketing or promotional communications from Calvin Klein. If you have established an account or signed up for our email list, you will have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing or promotional emails or other such communications from us by clicking on the Manage My Subscription link at the bottom of the email. In addition, if you no longer wish to receive promotional communications from us, you may opt out of such communications by clicking Contact Customer Service Department. Please note that removal of user information from our database or "opting-out" will not stop marketing or advertising content that is generated for distribution or is otherwise queued for transmission to you prior to the time when we can implement your request. Following receipt of a request from you, we will promptly refrain from sending you marketing or promotional communications within the timeframes required by applicable law. If you establish an account, you may receive certain types of communications even if you have not opted-in to receive them because these types of communications may be necessary in order to maintain an account on the Site. User Requests and Corrections of or Questions Relating To User Information If your name, e-mail, postal address, telephone number or other contact information changes you can make changes via My Account. If you have a request or question relating to such information, including use by our affiliates for direct marketing purposes, you can email us by clicking Contact Customer Service Department . Following receipt of a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to update or correct your information. We reserve the right to retain any information reasonably necessary to appropriately document our business activities and for archival and record retention purposes. We will store information about you for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. California Residents Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident, you may make one request each year by clicking Contact Customer Service Department . How to Contact Us If you have a request or question relating to such information you can email us by clicking Contact Customer Service Department . European and Swiss Safe Harbor Policy Any personal data collected by us in the Europe Union ("EU") and/or Switzerland and transferred to the United States is subject, respectively, to the EU Data Directive 95/46/EC on the Protection of Individuals with regard to the Processing of Personal Data (the "EU Data Directive") or the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act (DPA) and Swiss Data Protection Ordinance (DPO). As described below in this policy (this "European and Swiss Safe Harbor Policy") and in our Privacy Policy, we adhere to the EU and Swiss "Safe Harbor Principles." General information about the Safe Harbor Principles may be found at www.ec.europa.eu/justice_home/fsj/privacy and http://export.gov/safeharbor/swiss/index.asp. Notice and Purpose of Collection and Use of Information All personal data that we collect will be used only for the purposes described in our Privacy Policy (see above). Choice You should know that you always have the opportunity to choose to have us remove your personal data from our database and/or refrain from disclosing such information to any third party. Please send any such opt out requests by clicking Contact Customer Service Department . Further information regarding opt-out is set forth in our Privacy Policy. Onward Transfer To the extent that we transfer any personal data from the EU to the United States, we take reasonable steps to assure that the information which is transferred is reliable for its intended purpose, accurate, complete, and current. Any third party that assists us in processing or maintaining our database of personal data is required by us to agree to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is mandated by the Safe Harbor Principles described in the EU Data Directive or the Swiss DPA and Swiss DPO, as applicable. Security We also take reasonable measures to protect such personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Data Integrity We take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data that we collect is relevant for the purpose for which it is to be used and that the information is accurate, complete and current. We depend on our customers to update and correct their personal data whenever necessary. Access to Personal Data We are committed to educating our employees, customers, and users about compliance with the EU Data Directive. If you have any questions, concerns, or complaints about our compliance with the EU Data Directive, please contact us by clicking Contact Customer Service Department . We will provide details regarding the process to be followed when filing a complaint. Enforcement and Oversight We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal data in accordance with the principles of the EU Data Directive. Any other controversy or claim arising out of or relating to our adherence to the EU Data Directive, or the breach thereof, shall be settled by arbitration administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") in accordance with its applicable commercial rules, provided, further, that any arbitrator shall be either an attorney or retired judge having significant and recognized experience with and knowledge of privacy issues and information technology. The arbitration panel should apply New York law, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, as well as the Safe Harbor Enforcement Principle issued by the U.S. Department of Commerce www.export.gov/safeharbor/SHPRINCIPLESFINAL.htm. In addition, the exclusive location for such arbitration shall be New York, NY. All decisions of the arbitration panel shall be final and binding on the parties, which waive any right to further appeal the arbitration award, to the extent an appeal may be lawfully waived. We are also subject to the jurisdiction of the US Federal Trade Commission. The Federal Trade Commission may be contacted at the following address: Federal Trade Commission Attn: Consumer Response Center
600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
consumerline@ftc.gov
www.ftc.gov How to Contact Us If you have a request or question relating to such information you can email us by clicking Contact Customer Service Department .
