Last updated: May 2018
About our privacy policy
This privacy policy describes how the personal information that is collected when you visit the Catherine’s Career Corner service that links to this privacy policy (“Service”) will be used by the Catherine’s Career Corner company that owns the Service (“Catherine’s Career Corner”).  This policy may be supplemented by additional privacy statements, terms or notices of the Service.
Commitment to privacy and data protection
Catherine’s Career Corner is committed to privacy and data protection. This Privacy Policy applies to all personal data Catherine’s Career Corner collects from you, through our interactions with you; as well as how we use and protect that data.
The Privacy Policy applies to Catherine’s Career Corner which is run by, or under our control. All references to “Catherine’s Career Corner”, “the site”, “we” and “our” include only Catherine’s Career Corner.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the data or comment you input to our site, or the files generated using our Services (“Your Content”). You act as the controller of Your Content.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with our Site or any other third-party products, services or businesses (collectively, “Third Party Services”). Third Party Services are governed by their own privacy policies. We recommend you review the privacy policy governing any Third-Party Services before using them.
Any questions or concerns regarding Catherine’s Career Corner’s privacy and data protection practices can be directed to our us at catherinescareercorner@gmail.com .
Information we collect
The Service collects information from you in two ways: directly from your own input and automatically through the Service’s technologies.
How we use your information
At Catherine’s Career Corner, we are committed to maintaining the trust and confidence of our visitors to our website. We want you to know that Catherine’s Career Corner is not in the business of selling, renting or trading email lists with other companies and businesses for marketing purposes. We just don’t do that sort of thing.
In this Privacy Policy, we’ve provided lots of detailed information on when and why we collect your personal information, how we use it, the limited conditions under which it may be disclosed to others and how we keep it secure. Grab a cuppa and read on.
When someone visits Catherine’s Career Corner, we use a third-party service, Google Analytics, to collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behaviour patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the various parts of the site. This information is only processed in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make and do not allow Google to make, any attempt to find out the identities of those visiting our website.
As part of the registration process for the comments you add to our articles, we collect personal information.
Name and contact data. We collect your first and last name, email address, and the URL of your blog or site.
If you are a contributor to the site as an author, we process passwords and related security information used for authentication and account access and information security purposes.
Usage data. Google Analytics collects information about your use of our site, to better understand uses thereof and identify potential improvements.
We use this information for a couple of reasons: to tell you about stuff you’ve asked us to tell you about under our articles; to contact you if we need to obtain or provide additional information as requested by you. We don’t rent or trade email lists with other organizations and businesses.
Catherine’s Career Corner is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to your privacy. Catherine’s Career Corner is committed to delivering a relevant and useful experience to you.
Sharing of your information
We don’t share your personal information with any third party.  The site may let you post and share contributions, like personal information, comments, messages, materials and other content.  Any such contributions that you disclose publicly may be collected and used by others, may be indexable by search engines, and might not be able to be removed.  Please be careful when disclosing personal information online.
Your choices and communications preferences
You can manage your communications preferences and interests when you register with the site, by updating your account preferences, by using the “opt-out” or unsubscribe mechanism or other means provided within the communications that you receive from us or by contacting us. We reserve the right to notify you of changes or updates to the Service whenever necessary.
Access to, accuracy and deletion of your information
The Service may allow registered users to access their account information and make corrections or updates upon login at any time.  The accuracy of such information is solely the responsibility of the user.
Data security
Catherine’s Career Corner takes precautions to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction through the use of appropriate administrative, physical and technical security measures.
Cross-border transfer of your information
Your personal information as entered on our articles page as comments may be transferred to and stored in servers and facilities located in your region or another country.  We take steps to ensure that the information continues to be protected wherever it is located.
Changes to our privacy policy
We may change this privacy policy from time to time.  Any changes will be posted on this page with an updated revision date.
Contact
 
Job Search
Subscribe to CCC
Enter your email address to subscribe to CCC and receive notifications of new posts by email.
Email Address
Change Resistance
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
We use cookies to offer you a better browsing experience, analyze site traffic, personalize content, and serve targeted advertisements. Read about how we use cookies and how you can control them by clicking "Privacy Preferences". If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies.
Privacy Policy
OK
