 
Why?
 
What?
The types of information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social security number and income
Account balance and payment history
Credit history and credit score
 
How?
When you are no longer our customer, we will continue to share your information as described in this Privacy Notice. All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons Freedom Mortgage chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
If you no longer wish to receive marketing/promotional emails from Freedom Mortgage Corporation, please click the unsubscribe link included in the footer of our emails.
Email Privacy Policy
To protect your email information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. For more information, visit FreedomMortgage.com. If you no longer wish to receive marketing/promotional emails from Freedom Mortgage Corporation, please click the unsubscribe link included in the footer of our emails.
 
Does Freedom Mortgage share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purpose
Such as to process your loan application, service your, report to credit reporting agencies and respond to court orders and legal investigations
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Email us at CustomerCare@FreedomMortgage.com
Detach, Complete and Mail the Opt-Out Form provided at the end of this Privacy Notice
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this Privacy Notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
What we do
How does Freedom Mortgage protect my personal information?
 
How does Freedom Mortgage collect my personal information?
 
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes-information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you.
 
 
Non-affiliates
 
 
Other important information:
Nevada Residents - Nevada Statute Section 228.600(3) allows marketing calls to our existing customers listed on the National Do Not Call Registry. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from us, you may be placed on our Internal Do Not Call list by detaching, completing and mailing us the Opt-Out form on this Privacy Notice to Freedom Mortgage Corporation, 10500 Kincaid Dr, Suite 300, Fishers, IN 46037 Attn: Privacy Dept. For more information contact us at the address above or e-mail us at CustomerCare@FreedomMortgage.com and include "Nevada Annual Privacy Notice" in the subject line. You may also contact the Nevada Attorney General's office: Bureau of Consumer Protection Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington Street, Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101, Phone: (702) 486-3132, Email: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us
Vermont Residents - We will not share information we collect about you with companies other than our corporate affiliate unless the law allows. We will not share information about your creditworthiness with our corporate affiliate except with your consent, but we may share information about our transactions or experiences with you with our corporate affiliate without your consent.
California Residents - We will not share information we collect about you with companies other than our corporate affiliate unless the law allows. California residents are provided a separate notice "https://www.freedommortgage.com/state-licensing" with additional choices as required by California law.
Important Notice About Credit Reporting: We report information about you to consumer reporting agencies. Late payments, missed payments or other defaults on your account may be reflected on your credit report.
MAIL IN OPT-OUT FORM
Mark any/all you want to limit
Do not share information about my credit worthiness with your affiliates for their everyday business purposes
Do not allow your affiliates to use my information to market to me
Do not share my personal information with nonaffiliates to market their goods and services to me.
What happens when I limit sharing for any account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choice will apply individually unless you tell us otherwise. Any account holder may express a privacy preference on behalf of the other joint account holders.
Mail To:
Fishers, IN 46037
Distance
Search
Work with us today
We look forward to the opportunity to assist you but currently, we do not have an office                                         nearby.
