Our Commitment to Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To help protect your privacy we are providing this notice to outline our information practices and how your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect and How We Use It
For ordinary use of websudoku.com, consisting of playing Sudoku on our website, we only see your IP address, browser information and some cookies. Each is explained below.
When viewing any website, your web browser sends your IP address and browser information to the server for that site. Your IP address may provide an indication of the country or state where you are located, and your method of connecting to the Internet. Your browser information will probably include your browser name, operating system, version and language. Your IP address and browser information are not personal to you, and we cannot identify you from this information.
When you visit websudoku.com, our servers may send one or more cookies to your computer. A cookie is a short string of characters which your browser sends back with any subsequent requests to our site. Cookies enable us to store your game history and preferred options, and help us track usage patterns over time. Cookies do not enable us to identify you personally or learn about your use of other sites.
In specific situations you may be asked to provide us with some personal information, such as your name and email address. These situations include: (a) registering or signing in as a Web Sudoku user, (b) contacting us via an online form, (c) purchasing one of our products, (d) emailing a Sudoku challenge to a friend. We will use your information to provide the service that you are requesting, and may retain it for future reference. For example, if you purchase Web Sudoku Deluxe, we will keep a record of your details, so that we can help if you lose your license code in future. We will not use your personal information in a manner unrelated to the purpose for which you provided it. We will not share, rent or sell your personal information to any third party.
Our servers may record parts of the above information in their log files, in order to help us track usage of websudoku.com and improve our services. These log files are stored on secure servers in the USA.
Third Party Services
Some features of Web Sudoku, such as the forum and tutorials, rely on a service provided by a third party. The advertisements shown on our website are displayed by third parties. We may also use a third party to analyze the traffic on our website. In these cases, the third party will also see your IP address and browser information, and may use cookies to track your usage over time.
When purchasing one of our products online, you will be directed to a payment service such as WorldPay or Kagi . This service will ask for your credit card and some personal information in order to perform the transaction. In all such cases, your credit card payment is processed directly by the payment service. We never see your credit card number or security code. We are forwarded some other information by the payment service relating to your transaction, such as your name, email address and postal address, and this information may be used by us to complete the transaction.
Before entering any personal information into a third party website, you should check their privacy policy and ensure you are comfortable with their use of your information.
Your Choice in Providing Information
For ordinary use of websudoku.com, consisting of playing Sudoku on our website, we do not request any personal information. You may therefore choose not to use those features on our site which request information you do not wish to provide.
If you are uncomfortable with our use of cookies, you may use your browser settings to remove and block all cookies from websudoku.com at any time. You may also set your browser to confirm or reject all cookies received, to track or prevent the use of cookies by third party services.
Information Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have appropriate electronic and managerial procedures in place to safeguard and secure all information.
Accessing or Correcting Your Information
Upon request, we will make good faith efforts to inform you of any personal information we have stored, and correct or delete this information as desired. We will ask you to identify yourself and the appropriate information before fulfilling such as a request.
How To Contact Us
 
