Secure Ordering / Privacy Policy
1800GunsAndAmmo.com holds the security of your financial and personal data as its top priority. The very nature of our business depends on building a relationship of trust and accountability. We want you to know that when you shop with us, your experience is safe and secure. Aside from lofty promises, we back this with our Powered by Freedom Security Guarantee that promises you will never pay for any unauthorized charges that were made to your account by 1800GunsAndAmmo.com.
To that affect all our systems and technologies are designed that:
All your payment and personal information, including credit card number, address, name, etc. are encrypted via Secure Socket Layout (SSL) protocol throughout your checkout shopping experience.
All sensitive financial information is transmitted via secure gateway provided by the leading companies in cyber security. This ensures that your personal information stays secure.
We rely on the very best hardware and software technology provided only by companies that are both certified in cyber security and who also have a proven record of reliability and protection for smartphone, tablet and desktop eCommerce transactions.
All transactions conducted via PayPal or PayPal Express are automatically eligible for PayPal Buyer Protection . You can shop with knowledge that you are protected from fraud for the full price of your purchase.
If you are still concerned about cyber security or do not feel comfortable placing your order electronically, feel free to reach out to us by phone, fax or in person. We would be honored to earn your business any way we can.
Should you have any questions or concerns do not hesitate to contact us .
Privacy Policy
1800GunsAndAmmo's motto is "Powered by Freedom."  
The privacy of an individual is one of the cornerstones of freedom. So it's no surprise that we take it very seriously. As a visitor to our site - you trust us enough to conduct business, and we feel honored by this trust. To uphold it, we invest in the latest technologies and processes to ensure that all your personal information is protected at all times. We also work diligently to make sure we are compliant with all applicable local, state, federal and international regulations concerning privacy.
During your visit or purchase with 1800GunsAndAmmo, we may collect some or all of the following information:
Your First and Last Name
Your Billing Address
Your Shipping Address
Credit Card Information or other financial information
Order Specific Information
Export Compliance Information
Any other information required for compliance with any federal, state or local laws or regulations
Identification necessary to verify professional status, such as membership in armed forces, law enforcement, etc.
Internet Protocol Address
Define your life. Defeat the ordinary.
We are committed to helping you achieve victory by providing you with a personalized online shopping experience to equip your needs for the next hunt, protecting your loved ones, or the weekend 3- gun match.
News & Updates
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
