Export Policy
1800GunsAndAmmo.com sells firearms, ammunition and other shooting sports products. Export of most products in these categories is highly regulated by US Departments of Commerce and State. Individual product pages contain information on whether an item is exportable or not. Since laws and regulations change frequently, do not interpret any information on our product pages as legal advice. If you purchase any product from us and intend on taking it outside the United States, please consult your local US Customs office for additional information and guidance.  
By placing an order for any item from 1800GunsAndAmmo.com, the customer certifies that he or she will comply with every existing law, regulation and policy of the United States of America.
For explicit information on applicable laws, regulations and administrative policies - please contact:
US Department of Commerce
Directorate of Defense Trade Controls
Export Licensing
***Unfortunately at this time we are not offering international shipping to countries that require licencing.***
Certain products such as rifle scopes, optical sighting devices (red dot, holographic sights, and reflex) and laser sights destined for certain countries may require an export license from the United States Department of State or United States Department of Commerce.
If you do not find the name of your country on the list, it means your order would require an export license.
No License Required
The countries listed below do not need an export license:
Albania
Greece
Netherlands
Australia
Greenland
Eligible for STA License Exceptions
In accordance to the Strategic Trade Authorization (STA) License Exception, some items going to countries that would normally require an export license are now eligible to be shipped without an export license. If you live in one of the countries listed below, you may be eligible to receive your purchase without applying for an export license. However, you must complete an Ultimate Consignee Statement agreeing to the terms and conditions of the STA License Exception.
The following countries are eligible for STA License Exceptions.
Austria
All Other Countries
If your country is not on either list above, then you will need to have an export license. The application processing time is typically 4-6 weeks but may be longer.
If you choose to apply for a license, we will complete all necessary paperwork on your behalf. However, in order to do so, we will need the following information from you.
Your full name
Reason for purchase – personal or resale
Kind of use – hunting, personal defense, competitive shooting, or other (if other, please specify)
If you chose to proceed with the license application, the following guidelines apply:
If your order is under $200, there is a NONREFUNDABLE $25 processing fee that must be paid prior to us completing the applications.
If your order is over $200, we require a 25% deposit towards your purchase. Once your license is received, then we will send a request for the remaining balance. When you place your order, we only pre-authorize the funds but do not charge you. However, this does not guarantee the items will be available once the license is received.
If you would like the items you ordered to be held in reserve and be available when your license is received, then you will need to pay a 50% deposit. In the case that products are on back order at the time you place your order or have not yet been released by the manufacturer, the deposit holds your place on the reservation list (but doesn't guarantee the item will be available at the time the license is approved). We strongly advise you to pay the 50% reserve fee when ordering items that are on sale, discontinued, or are highly popular. Only in this case we can guarantee the item is available for immediate shipping once the license is approved.
If your license is not approved or for some reason you choose to not proceed with your order once your license is approved, we will deduct a $25 processing fee and refund the remainder of your deposit to you.
Your international order will not be shipped until we complete International Payment Verification and check the desired product for export compliance. Once again, we reserve a full right to cancel your order if it does not meet our export guidelines and policy.
Information
Define your life. Defeat the ordinary.
We are committed to helping you achieve victory by providing you with a personalized online shopping experience to equip your needs for the next hunt, protecting your loved ones, or the weekend 3- gun match.
News & Updates
Sign up to get the latest on sales, new releases and more …
