 
Terms of Service
We grant you a limited license to make personal use only of the Site. Such grant does not include, without limitation: (a) any resale or commercial use of this Site or any of the contents of this Site; (b) modification, adaptation, translation, reverse engineering, decompilation, disassembly or conversion into human readable form any of the contents of this Site not intended to be so read, including use of or directly viewing the underlying HTML or other code from this Site except as interpreted and displayed in a web browser; (c) copying, imitating, mirroring, reproducing, distributing, publishing, downloading, displaying, performing, posting or transmitting any of the contents of this Site (including any Company trademarks) in any form or by any means, including, but not limited to, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or otherwise; (d) the collection and use of any product listings or descriptions; (e) making derivative uses of the Site and any of the contents of the Site; or (f) use of any data mining, bots, spiders, automated tools or similar data gathering and extraction methods, directly or indirectly, on the contents of the Site or to collect any information from the Site or any other user of the Site.
Internet Privacy Policy
This Internet Privacy Policy is effective as of May 25, 2011. Your prior activities on the site may have been governed by an earlier version of the Policy.
This Policy describes how we, Luxottica Retail North America, Inc. (“Luxottica”) and its subsidiary companies, handle information we learn about you from our website. If you have questions or wish to contact us about the Policy, direct inquiries to:
Privacy Office
4000 Luxottica Place
Mason, Ohio 45040
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
The information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our site. Please note that we do not collect personal information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide such information to us.
We collect personally-identifying information you provide to us in connection with purchases you make on our site, requests for services made through the site, the creation of a user account, any material you may post to the site, and your participation in surveys on the site. From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in contests or in other voluntary activities through the site. We may request personal information from you, along with other information, in order for you to participate. Participation in these activities is completely voluntary; therefore, you can elect not to disclosure your personal information by not participating in the activity.
In addition, for each visitor to our site, we automatically gather certain information and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We collect and store this information on an individual basis and in aggregate, or combined, form. We also collect both user-specific and aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit.
HOW DO WE USE THIS INFORMATION?
We use the information we collect to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We also use this information to improve the content of our web pages, and to customize the content and layout of our pages. All of this is done with the intention of making our site more useful to visitors.
We may share email addresses, postal addresses or telephone contact information or other personally-identifying information we collect across brands within the company. We do not rent or sell such information to any third parties.
We use one or more third-party tracking services to track non- personally-identifying information about visitors to our site in the aggregate to enhance your experience and provide relevant advertisements. These third-party services may use JavaScript, pixels, transparent GIF files, and other means to enable us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. Any information we track in this manner is anonymous, limited to usage and volume statistics, and is used to provide insight into the effectiveness of our online marketing initiatives and strategies.
COOKIES
We use both session cookies and persistent cookies on this website. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We may link the information we store in cookies to your personal information in order to provide a faster and more pleasant online experience. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas of our site will be limited.
We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. We use session cookies to record session information, such as which web pages a user has visited, and to track user activity on the site. We also use session cookies to store any passwords used on the site (such as a password associated with a user account), so you don’t have to enter it more than once per session. Session cookies expire when you close your browser.
We use persistent cookies to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your browser’s “help” file.
COLLECTION AND USE OF HEALTH INFORMATION
We are required by applicable federal and state law to maintain the privacy of your health information. Please see our HIPAA Privacy Statement for information on our privacy practices, our legal duties, and your rights concerning your health information. Any health information we collect from you on this site will be handled in accordance with the terms of our HIPAA Privacy Statement.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS 
If you are a California resident, you can request certain information about the sharing of your personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the past year. Details concerning this process can be found here .  
We do not rent, sell or share such information with any third parties. EyeMed does not currently actively respond to “Do Not Track” browser signals or mechanisms.
OPT OUT PROCEDURES
If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, please let us know by using the opt-out response device that can be found at the bottom of every email we deliver or by emailing us at privacyoffice@luxotticaretail.com . To help us process your request, please include sufficient information for us to identify you in our records. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request. Please note that, although you can opt not to receive promotional messages, we reserve the right to send you informational email messages about any user account you establish on this website or administrative notices regarding the site, as permitted under the CAN-SPAM Act (15 U.S.C. §7701 et seq.).
If you do not wish for us to share your information with our related companies, please let us know by sending your request to: Privacy Office, Luxottica Retail, 4000 Luxottica Place, Mason, Ohio 45040 or by email to privacyoffice@luxotticaretail.com . To help us process your request, please include sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
INFORMATION ACCESS
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to their own personally-identifying information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. You can access this information by sending your request to: Privacy Office, Luxottica Retail, 4000 Luxottica Place, Mason, Ohio 45040 or by email to privacyoffice@luxotticaretail.com . To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.
We reserve the right to ask for information verifying your identity prior to disclosing any information to you. Should we ask for verification, the information you provide to verify your identity will be used only for that purpose, and all copies of this information in our possession will be destroyed when the process is complete.
We also offer visitors the opportunity to have inaccuracies corrected in all information we maintain about them. Privacy Office, Luxottica Retail, 4000 Luxottica Place, Mason, Ohio 45040 or by email to privacyoffice@luxotticaretail.com . To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.
SECURITY
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, and to guard that information against loss, misuse or alteration. When you enter sensitive and/or personally-identifying information on our registration or during the ordering process, we encrypt transmissions involving such information using secure protocols.
Please note, however, that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we use commercially-reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
THIRD PARTY SITES
This Policy applies only to information collected by this website.
From time to time, this website may link you to other sites (“Linked Sites”) that are not owned by Luxottica. We do not control the collection or use of any information, including personally-identifying information, that occurs during your visit to the Linked Sites. Further, we make no representations about the privacy policies or practices of the Linked Sites, and Luxottica is not responsible for the privacy practices of these Linked Sites.
Be careful of disclosing any of your personally identifiable information when leaving our site. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Policy. If our information practices change materially at some time in the future, we will post the changes to our website and revise our Policy accordingly. In addition, if we have collected personally-identifying information from you, we will notify you about the changes and secure your consent prior to making use of your information in new ways.
QUESTIONS/CONCERNS
If you believe that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above postal address, email address, or telephone number.
CALIFORNIA PRIVACY POLICY 
 
 
 
the names of the affiliated companies sharing the Luxottica name which received such information.
You are entitled to receive a copy of this information in a standardized format, and the information will not be specific to you individually.
Notice of Privacy Practices
Luxottica Retail
THIS NOTICE DESCRIBES HOW MEDICAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU MAY BE USED AND DISCLOSED AND HOW YOU CAN GET ACCESS TO THIS INFORMATION. 
Summary of changes we have made to our NPP:
Disclosures. 
We use and disclose your health information electronically for various defined purposes including electronic disclosures to our business associates.  If we need to disclose your health information electronically for other purposes, we will obtain your authorization, either in writing or electronically, as described in the Notice.
Upon your request, and except as otherwise required by law, we will not disclose your health information to a health plan for purposes of payment or health care operations when the information relates solely to a service/product for which you paid out-of-pocket in full.
We are now prohibited from using or disclosing any of your genetic information for underwriting purposes
The category of persons that we may now disclose your health in information to in the event of your death has increased.
Access to your information - If we use or maintain an electronic health record (EHR) with respect to your care, you have the right to request a copy of your information in electronic format, and to direct us to transmit a copy of your information to a third party designated by you; and our fee may not exceed our labor costs in responding to such request. 
Breach - If we discover that your health information has been breached  and the privacy or security of the information has been compromised, we must now notify you of the breach without unreasonable delay and in no event later than 60 days following our discovery of the breach.
Notifications about you current treatment - if we receive compensation for making a communication, we are now required to obtain your authorization for making such communications
Please see the current NPP for a full description our respective rights and obligations. A copy can be downloaded by clicking the link below. 
OUR LEGAL DUTY
We are required by applicable federal and state law to maintain the privacy of your health information. We are also required to give you this Notice about our privacy practices, our legal duties, and your rights concerning your health information. We must follow the privacy practices that are described in this Notice while it is in effect. This Notice takes effect August 1, 2007, and will remain in effect until we replace it.
We reserve the right to change our privacy practices and the terms of this Notice at any time, provided such changes are permitted by applicable law. We reserve the right to make the changes in our privacy practices and the new terms of our Notice effective for all health information that we maintain, including health information we created or received before we made the changes. In the event we make a material change in our privacy practices, we will change this Notice and provide it to you at your next visit or it can be viewed in the store or on our Web site.
 
 
USES AND DISCLOSURES OF HEALTH INFORMATION
We use health information about you for treatment, to obtain payment for treatment, for administrative purposes, and to evaluate the quality of care and service that you receive. Your health information is contained in a medical or optical dispensary record that is the physical property of Luxottica Retail.
How We May Use or Disclose Your Health Information
 
 
 
 
appointment reminders and recall information.
For Payment. We may use and disclose your health information to others for purposes of processing and receiving payment for treatment and services provided to you. This may include:
billing and collection activities and related data processing;
 
 
 
disclosure to consumer reporting agencies of information relating to collection of payments.
For Health Care Operations. We may use and disclose health information about you for operational purposes. For example, your health information may be disclosed to:
evaluate the performance of our associates;
 
 
 
 
determine how to continually improve the quality and effectiveness of the products, service and care we provide.
Appointments, Treatment and Quality Assurance. We may use your information to provide appointment reminders or recall notices (such as voicemail messages, postcards or letters) or information about treatment alternatives or other health-related benefits, products and services that may be of interest to you. We may also contact you to conduct our own surveys about the quality of the products and services we provide. 
 
 
 
Required by Law. We may use and disclose information about you as required by law. For example, we may disclose information for the following purposes:
for judicial and administrative proceedings pursuant to legal authority;
 
 
 
to assist public health officials avert a serious threat to the health or safety of you or any other person.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Amendment: You have the right to request that we amend your health information. Your request must be in writing, and it must explain why the information should be amended. We may deny your request under certain circumstances. You may obtain a form to request an amendment to your health information by using the contact information listed at the end of this Notice.
 
 
PRIVACY QUESTIONS AND COMPLAINTS
If you want more information about our privacy practices or have privacy questions or concerns, please contact us. If you are concerned that we may have violated your privacy rights, or you disagree with a decision we made about access to your health information or in response to a request you made to amend or restrict the use or disclosure of your health information or to have us communicate with you by alternative means or at alternative locations, you may complain to us using the contact information listed at the end of this Notice. You also may submit a written complaint to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. We will provide you with the address to file your complaint with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services upon request.
We support your right to the privacy of your health information. We will not retaliate in any way if you choose to file a complaint with us or with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
Contact Information
 
MOBILE SMS POLICY
EyeMed Vision Care uses SMS for the sales and account management team over SC 242020.
Reply HELP to SC 242020 for help. Reply STOP to SC 242020 to cancel
In order to contact us please email eyemedcommunications@eyemed.com
Message Frequency will be 3msgs/Week
Message and Data Rates May Apply
Supported Carriers include Verizon Wireless
 
