Highlights
This notice provides highlights of our full Privacy Code and applies to personal information collected, used and disclosed by TD Bank Group (TDBG).
Personal Information
At the time you begin a relationship with us and during the course of our relationship, we may collect information about you.
We obtain most of our information about you directly from you, including your visits to our web site.
For every product or service, we need your name, address, birthdate, occupation and some identification. For certain products, we may need to collect other personal information. Click here for more information .
We ask you for information to establish and serve you as our customer.
We will confirm your identity when you purchase a new product online or register for a secure online service from us. Click here for more information .
With your consent, we may obtain information about you from third parties, including credit reporting agencies. Click here for more information .
We will not make your consent a condition of obtaining a product or service, unless it is reasonably or legally required, and we will clearly indicate when this is the case.
Uses
We share information within TDBG to manage our credit and business risks and operations, comply with legal or regulatory requirements, and service your account. We also share information within TDBG to review whether any other products or services are suitable for you so that we may offer them to you. Click here for more information .
We may release your information to parties outside TDBG, such as regulators, and our suppliers and agents who assist us in serving you and who may be located in Canada or other jurisdictions or countries and may disclose information in response to valid demands or requests. Click here for more information .
We do not sell or rent customer lists or personal information to others. Click here for more information .
Your Choices
You may access and update the information we have about you. Click here for more information.
There are several privacy preferences available to you. For example, you may choose not to have us contact you with direct marketing offers or to participate in customer research surveys. In most cases you are free to refuse or withdraw your consent at any time. Click here for more information.
To make any of these choices, refer to the How to Contact Us box.
Important Information
We will protect your information with appropriate safeguards and security measures. Click here for more information.
Read helpful tips for protecting yourself against financial fraud, such as identity theft.
*Email disclaimer: For your protection, do not send confidential or personal information (e.g. Access Card number, account numbers, etc.) via email, as it is NOT a secure method of communication. If your request is urgent or requires disclosure of confidential or personal information for resolution, please call us.
Speak to a representative at your branch or business unit
Telephone: 1-800-430-6095
Mail: Customer Feedback, Toronto-Dominion Centre, P.O. Box 193, Toronto, ON M5K 1H6
Fax: 1-877-983-2932
Email Us*:
Questions related to TD Insurance: 1-888-791-5346
