What is a cookie?
A cookie is a small file used by your web browser. It is stored on your computer and allows a website to remember certain information about your activity on that website. For more information on cookies, please visit http://goo.gl/hOqNb or http://allaboutcookies.org .
What does ADVFN use cookies for?
We use cookies to:
Provide you with customised content, such as the live price data you are entitled to as part of your premium subscriptions and the stocks you have added to your Monitor.
Make our website run more efficiently.
Note when you visit the website and which pages you visit. This allows us to see how you and other people use the website, helping us to plan site improvements and additions.
Provide and administer advertising.
How do I turn cookies off?
Your browser should let you control whether websites you visit can use cookies or not. If you are unsure how to do this, please consult the help files available via the Help menu in your browser.
Please note that turning cookies off will restrict your use of the website, stopping you from accessing many features that require you to be logged in.
Third party cookies
A large proportion of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third parties. These third parties will have their own privacy policies.
These third party cookies are used to gather statistics, but cannot be used to identify individuals. We allow our advertisers to serve these third party cookies, but we do not have other access to them.
Cookies are often used by these third party advertisers to allow them to track the number of people who have clicked on or seen a particular advert and how many people have seen the advert more than once. Parts of this statistical data may be shared with us by third parties, allowing us to improve the targeting and placement of adverts on the website.
Your browser should let you disable third party cookies. If you are unsure how to do this, please consult the help files available via the Help menu in your browser.
For more information, visit the IAB’s website http://youronlinechoices.com/uk .
What kind of information do we hold about you?
When registering, we ask for information to identify you by, including your name, email and postal address. If you take out a premium subscription we will ask you to confirm these details. The IP addresses you access the site from are also collected and stored, allowing us to serve content to you, monitor how the site is used and implement site improvements. These details are held securely and are associated with your username and account.
We also collect and store information that does not identify you; for instance, which pages you visit and how often. This data is collected to help us evaluate how the website is used and to ensure we are paid by our advertisers for showing their content.
What do we use this information for?
The information we hold could be used to
Note when you visit the website and which pages you view. See the section How do I turn cookies off? if you would like to stop this.
Make sure you are receiving the services and products you are entitled to as part of your premium or free subscription.
Keep you updated on premium services you have subscribed to.
Present the website’s content in the most effective manner for your device (for instance, a PC or phone) and browser.
Get in touch with you via email, phone or post to provide technical support.
Get in touch with you via email, phone or mail to let you know about products or services provided by us or third parties.
Monitor how the website is used.
How can I change my details or email preferences?
You can subscribe or unsubscribe from our newsletter and marketing emails via the website, by clicking the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we have sent you. You can also change your preferences by emailing support@advfn.com or by writing to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN.
You can update your personal details by emailing support@advfn.com or by writing to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN.
Please make sure to include your name, username and postcode in your initial correspondence; this helps us protect the details and preferences on your account from unauthorised access.
How can I access my personal information?
You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please send an email to support@advfn.com or write to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN. There will be an administrative charge of £10 for providing a copy of this information.
Please make sure to include your name, username and postcode in your initial correspondence; this helps us protect the details and preferences on your account from unauthorised access.
How secure is my data?
The password you provide when registering on the website is encrypted to ensure your account is protected against unauthorised access. Any subsequent password changes are also encrypted. We do not store previous passwords you might have used on ADVFN, we only store the last change.
We take data security very seriously and have invested much time and money in creating systems to protect your personal information, in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. Neither ADVFN nor any of its group companies shall be liable for any unlawful attempt to gain access to any part of this website including any of your information.
If you think we have not adhered to this policy, please get in touch by email to support@advfn.com or write to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN expressing your concerns. We will endeavour to solve the problem for you promptly.
Disclosing your information
ADVFN does not sell your personal information to third parties (unless you specifically opt in to an ADVFN partner offer such as a third party email subscription).
When required by law, it may be necessary for us to disclose your personal information to third parties.
Future policy changes
Changes to the ADVFN Cookie and Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. Please check back regularly for updates.
Your Recent History
UK Sterlin..
Stocks you've viewed will appear in this box, letting you easily return to quotes you've seen previously.
Register now to create your own custom streaming stock watchlist.
By accessing the services available at ADVFN you are agreeing to be bound by ADVFN's Terms & Conditions
