What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site via a computer, mobile device or tablet, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or social security number. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
; To personalize your experience
(your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
; To improve our website
(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
; To improve customer service
(your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
; To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
; To process transactions
It is optional to submit any of your information to any third party links that we provide. All of our third party links are offered as a service to better understand your current credit standing before speaking with a representitive. Knowing your credit standing is very helpful while going through the homer ownership process.
First Access Rent to Own may sell, trade or submit your information to any third party
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to?keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We may sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This  includes trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy .
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
First Access Rent to Own
7500 W. Mississippi Ste A-90 Lakewood, Co, 80226
1-800-240-7613
support@firstaccess-renttoown.com
800-240-7613
support@firstaccess-renttoown.com
Our Resources and Affiliates
First Access Rent to Own Works with acredited business to help get you into the home you desire.
Credit Score Pro - This is a free credit service that will tell you your credit scores
Option Plus Homes - This is a service that will connect you into the network of homes that will best suit your needs depending on what you're looking for, and what you have consulted our agents about.
