Nextone Media® Service Terms
With our advertising providers, we provide targeted advertising services through a network of topically themed websites.  Your use of the Nextone Media® service is offered on the following terms, policies, and conditions.
1.  Linked Content
The sites displayed as search results or linked to by Nextone Media® are developed by people over whom Nextone Media® exercises no control. The search results are automatically generated, and Nextone Media® cannot and does not screen the sites before including them in the indices from which such automated search results are gathered. We cannot guarantee that a search will not locate unintended or objectionable content and assume no responsibility for the content of any site included in any search results, and we do not assume responsibility for the goods, services, or information provided by such sites.
2.  Personal Use Only
Nextone Media® Services are made available for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not take the results from a search and reformat and display them, or mirror any Nextone Media® home page or results pages on your Web site.
Privacy Policy
3.  Use of Data / Privacy
The Nextone Media® service does not collect require any personally identifying information, except as set forth below.
We collect limited non-personally identifying information your browser makes available whenever you visit any website. This log information includes your Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your query and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to monitor operation and improve our services.
We will disclose collected information without your permission when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by law, or is necessary or desirable to investigate or protect against harmful activities to customers, employees, or others, or to property (including this site).
The Nextone Media® service may send a cookie which is sent to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. A "cookie" is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your browsing software when you visit a website. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to better understand how people interact with us. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, and you may clear cookies from your browser.
Our advertising providers, and the sites displayed as search results or linked to by the Nextone Media® service may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information.  For more information about how you may limit, control and/or opt-out of various advertising tracking cookie data collection, please visit:
http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp
4.     Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability.
The Nextone Media® service is provided "as-is" and Nextone Media does not warrant the accuracy or usefulness of search results nor the availability or accessibility of the service.
To the fullest extent permitted by law, Nextone Media DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR NONINFRINGEMENT, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
5.   Miscellaneous.
Your use of the Nextone Media® service shall constitute agreement to these terms and policies.  This agreement is made in the North Chingford, London and shall be construed as if both parties jointly wrote it.  All claims arising out of or relating to this agreement shall be litigated exclusively in the North Chingford, London.
These terms constitute the entire and exclusive agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces any other agreements, terms and conditions applicable to the subject matter hereof. No statements or promises have been relied upon in entering into this. Any notices to Nextone Media must be sent to:
Nextone Media Limited
Attention: Legal Department
147 Station Road
North Chingford, London
E4 6AG, United Kingdom.
