Effective: May 25, 2018
Our goal at the American Association of Individual Investors (AAII) is to offer you the best investor education in a simple and secure manner. As a publisher, we gather user and member information in order to provide a personalized and friendly service. We have developed this Privacy Policy to inform users of AAII services about our privacy views and practices. This Privacy Policy is subject to change, so we recommend that you check back again in the future if you have any questions.
The Information That We Collect
We collect and use the following information to provide a personalized and friendly service:
Account information. We collect, and associate with your account, the information you provide to us when you do things such as sign up for free content and purchase AAII services.
Usage information. We collect information related to how you use AAII services, including actions you take on AAII website properties. We use this information to improve and enhance our services.
Device information. We also collect information from and about the devices you use to access AAII website properties. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of device and browser you use, the webpage you visited before coming to our sites and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information.
Cookies and other technologies. We use technologies like cookies and pixel tags to support, enhance and promote our services. Cookies allow you to move through the site and certain member security points without any disturbance. Our site is set to keep you logged in for 60 minutes. This means that during a single browser session you can wander to any other site, come back to AAII.com and remain logged in. You can set your browser to not accept cookies, but this may limit your ability to use AAII services. AAII may also use third-party advertising networks that employ cookie technology, but as a publisher we don’t control or have access to those cookies.
We may disclose your personal information as required by applicable law, or in response to legal process, to protect the rights or property of AAII, or to protect the safety of AAII, our users or others.
How Your Information Is Used
As mentioned in the above section, your personal data is collected to provide a personalized experience with AAII and to improve your overall website experience.
AAII also maintains a subscriber list. As a publisher/membership organization, we reserve the right to contact our users for our legitimate business needs, such as email and paper mailings regarding AAII services, or in fulfilling a transaction initiated by the user. However, we do on occasion make portions of this list available to carefully screened companies that offer personal finance products and services that we believe may be of interest to those affiliated with AAII. To the extent we process your personal data for other purposes, we ask for your consent in advance or require that our partners obtain such consent. If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us, you can opt out at any time by simply clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in any email, or updating your preferences in the email management section of your user account.
We may employ contractors or other third parties to help with our operations. We may give them access to databases of user information, so that they can perform their services for us, including performing system maintenance, displaying personalized content, performing list analysis or management or sending mailings for us from our advertisers. These parties are all subject to confidentiality agreements that restrict their use and disclosure of information they obtain through their relationship with AAII.
AAII takes your data security seriously. If there is ever a data breach, AAII will notify you without delay with the next steps to protect your data.
Controlling and Accessing Your Information
You have control over your personal information and how it is collected, used and shared. To manage your account and the content contained in it, as well as edit some of your personal data, go to your My Account page. If you do not want to receive marketing materials from us, you can opt out at any time by simply clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in any email, or updating your preferences in the email management section of your user account. For all other requests, contact our Privacy Team at privacy@aaii.com . Our Privacy Team will respond to all requests within a reasonable amount of time.
Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you via email or through AAII.com or the AAII Journal.
Consent
By using our service, you agree to our Terms and Conditions and consent to our collection, use and sharing of your information and data and other activities, as described in this policy. Each time you use the service, the version of our Privacy Policy then posted will apply to that use, so check for updates each time you access the service.
Contact
 
The American Association of Individual Investors is an independent, nonprofit corporation formed for the purpose of assisting individuals in becoming effective managers of their own assets through programs of education, information and research. Learn More.
© 2018 American Association of Individual Investors
