The Internet is an amazing tool. It has the power to change the way we live, and we’re starting to see that potential today. With only a few mouse-clicks, you can follow the news, look up facts, buy goods and services, and communicate with others from around the world. It’s important to Ad Shield to help our browsing clientèle retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the Internet has to offer.
We believe your business is no one else’s. Your privacy is important to you…and to us. So we’ll protect the information you share with us. To protect your privacy, Ad Shield follows different principles in accordance with world-wide practices for customer privacy and data protection.
We won’t sell or give away your name, mail address, phone number, email address, credit card number or any other information to anyone. We’ll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized users.
NOTICE
We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally this information is requested when you create a Registration ID on the site or when you download free material, order e-mail newsletters or join the limited-access premium areas of this website. We use your Personal Information for four primary purposes:
To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
To help you quickly find downloadable content, services or information.
To help us create content most relevant to you.
To alert you to new downloadable content, special offers, updated information and other new services.
Use of the Ad Shield service requires access to your AdWords account. The purpose of this access is to allow our robots to automatically add IP addresses to your AdWords account in the exclusion lists section of the relevant campaigns.
We do not store or make available any information associated with your AdWords account.
We never trade, sell or share any information about your AdWords account.
We will not make any changes to your AdWords account unless you request us or authorise us to do so.
We will never ask for your AdWords username or password as access is granted to ad shield by approving our access request via our master AdWords account.
CONSENT
If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of ‘Ad Shield Website’. But you will not be able to access areas that require registration.
If you decide to register, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletters. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding Ad Shield products, programs, events, or services by e-mail, postal mail, or telephone, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from Ad Shield.
Ad Shield occasionally allows other companies to offer our registered customers information about their products and services, using email only but this is totally dependent on the preferences you select when registering to join the ‘Ad Shield Website’. If you do not want to receive these offers, you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing materials from third parties.
ACCESS
We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time via your profile page which we will provide a link for upon your registration. There, you can:
View and edit personal information you have already given us. Tell us whether you want us to send you marketing information, or whether you want third parties to send you their offers by postal mail. Sign up for electronic newsletters about our services and products. Once you register, you won’t need to do it again. Wherever you go on ‘Ad Shield Website’, your information stays with you.
SECURITY
Ad Shield has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be 100% safe and secure. When you place orders or access your personal account information, you’re utilizing a secure server software SSL, which encrypts your personal information before it’s sent over the Internet. SSL is one of the safest encryption technologies available.
In addition, your transactions are guaranteed under Division 2 – Part 2 of the ‘AUSTRALIAN SECURITIES AND INVESTMENTS COMMISSION ACT 2001’ – 12AC – 12AD – 12AE . And the Fair Credit Billing Act. This Act states that your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 in fraudulent credit card charges. If your bank does hold you liable for $50.00 or less, we’ll cover your liability provided the unauthorized, fraudulent use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own and from purchases made from us over our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
NOTICE TO PARENTS
Parents or guardians: we want to help you guard your children’s privacy. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their Personal Information while using the Internet. The Ad Shield website does not publish content that is targeted to children and if you require that your I.P. address be banned from accessing our website and servers then simply email us at privacy@adshield.net.au and specify the I.P. address that you’d like to have restricted from accessing our website. You can easily obtain your own computers I.P. address by visiting this link. Get My I.P. Address .
ENFORCEMENT
If for some reason you believe Ad Shield has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail at privacy@adshield.net.au , and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Be certain the words Privacy Policy are in the Subject line.
VISITOR PROFILES
As mentioned above, every registered visitor has a unique personal profile. Each profile is assigned a unique personal identification number, which helps us ensure that only you can access your profile. When you register, we create your profile, assign a personal identification number, then send this personal identification number back to your hard drive in the form of a cookie, which is a very small bit of code. This code is uniquely yours. It is your passport to seamless travel across ‘Ad Shield Website’, allowing you to download free content, order free newsletters, and visit premium areas of our sites without having to fill out registration forms with information you’ve already provided. Even if you switch computers, you won’t have to re-register – just use your Registration ID to identify yourself.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION YOU SHARE
When you join us, you provide us with your contact information, including your name and email address. We use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service and announcements about new and exciting services that we offer. When you order from us, we ask for your credit card number and billing address. We use this information only to bill you for the product(s) you order at that time. For your convenience, we do save billing information in case you want to order from us again, but we don’t use this information again without your permission. Ad Shield will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Ad Shield or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Ad Shield and its family of Web sites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Ad Shield, its Web sites, or the public.
Have Questions?
Ad Shield specialises in the protection of your AdWords ads from invalid clicks. We are an Australian based company. Open Mon-Sat: 8:00am – 5:00pm
