The Eastwood Company recognizes that you value the privacy of your personal information and how it is utilized. We value your trust and continued patronage and will utilize the information we collect in a manner that will benefit your overall shopping experience.
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") is data about you that is personally identifiable: your name, email address, credit card number or any other information that is not otherwise publicly available. Eastwood only collects PII when you supply it to us by placing an order, entering a contest, or requesting e-mail announcements. That information is maintained by Eastwood so that you do not have to enter it each time you visit our to place an order.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("NPII") is collected by Eastwood for the purpose of online retargeting. NPII data collected by Eastwood for advertising purposes is completely anonymous, and only includes information such as the IP address, date and time of visit, domain type, and activity on our website. None of this information, individually or grouped together, can be traced back to a specific individual.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY
Our web server will automatically recognize and store the following NPII: browser type and version, IP address, operating system, URL, pages visited, time spent on each page. This information is primarily used to improve our web site and enhance your shopping experience. For example, an infrequently visited page may be eliminated. In addition, we will utilize the information for product offerings or to improve navigation throughout the site.
COOKIES
A cookie is a string of text used to allow for authentication, session tracking, and storing site preferences.
You do not need to accept or use cookies to shop at eastwood.com.
The cookies we use assist us in determining Web site traffic patterns. These cookies help us better understand how visitors navigate through and use eastwood.com, enabling us to measure the site's ease of use and effectiveness. This information assists us in our efforts to refine our site, as well as efforts to improve and customize the shopping experience for individual visitors like you.
The cookies we employ contain absolutely no PII. If you do not want to receive cookies, you can set your browser to accept no cookies, or tell it to erase all cookies at the end of a session.
However, if you choose to disable cookies, you may not be able to use features such as My Account or Wish Lists.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
HOW WE UTILIZE COOKIES AND NPII
The cookies we employ allow us to use third-party vendors to more effectively distribute our ads and to improve the quality and relevance of advertising you see. When you visit other sites,  third-party vendors are able to identify the Eastwood cookie and provide you with pertinent advertising based on your browsing history. None of the information used in this remarketing process is personally-identifiable information (PII).
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
Eastwood stores information you provide when placing an order, entering a promotional event or requesting e-mail announcements. Name, address and phone number are required when you place an order. Email addresses are utilized to confirm orders have been placed or shipped and provide customers -with new product announcements and special savings.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE
We work to protect the security of the information you provide during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you input. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION PROVIDED
The Eastwood Company recognizes that privacy of personal information is of the utmost importance. Therefore, information will only be shared with approved partners. The partner approval process involves an analysis of the ethical standards of the prospective partner, product/service quality, reputation, how our customers will be approached and treated, the likelihood of partner's product/service appealing to Eastwood customers and other factors as well.
AGENTS
Occasionally, we will employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf. These companies do have access to personal information while fulfilling their obligations, but do not have the authority to utilize any information.
CONSENT
By accessing The Eastwood Company web site to gather information or place product orders, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information.
QUESTIONS OR SUGGESTIONS?
If you have questions or suggestions, send an email to webmaster@eastwood.com.
Eastwood.com Terms & Conditions (T&C)
CONDITIONS OF USE
By using this website, you acknowledge your assent to the following conditions    of use without limitation or qualification. Please read these conditions carefully    before using this website. These terms and conditions may be revised at any    time by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should    therefore periodically visit this page to review the then current terms and    conditions to which you are bound.
DISCLAIMER
To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, the materials    on this website are provided "as is" and without warranties of any    kind either expressed or implied and The Easthill Group, Inc. and its subsidiaries    and affiliates (hereafter collectively referred to as "Eastwood")    disclaim all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to,    implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.    Eastwood does not warrant that the functions contained in the materials will    be uninterrupted or error-free, that defects will be corrected, or that this    website or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or other harmful    components. Eastwood does not warrant or make any representations regarding    the use or the results of the use of the materials on this website in terms    of their correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise. You (and not Eastwood)    assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction. The    information and descriptions contained herein are not intended to be complete    descriptions of all terms, exclusions and conditions applicable to the products    and services, but are provided solely for general informational purposes. Prices    and availability subject to change. Not responsible for typographical errors.    This website may be linked to other websites which are not maintained by Eastwood.    Eastwood is not responsible for the content of those websites. The inclusion    of any link to such websites does not imply approval of or endorsement by Eastwood    of the websites or the content thereof.p
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
While Eastwood uses reasonable efforts to include accurate and up to date    information on this website, errors or omissions sometimes occur. Eastwood makes    no warranties or representations as to the accuracy of this website. Under no    circumstances, including, but not limited to, negligence, shall Eastwood or    any party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the website be liable    to you for any direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages    that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this    website, even if Eastwood or an Eastwood authorized representative has been    advised of the possibility of such damages. In no event shall Eastwood's total    liability to you for all damages, losses, and causes of action exceed the amount    paid by you, if any, for accessing this website. Eastwood also assumes no    responsibility, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that    may infect, your computer equipment or other property as a result of your access    to, use of, or browsing in the website or your downloading of any materials,    data, text, images, video, or audio from this website.
RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF MATERIALS
This website is owned and operated by Eastwood. Except as otherwise expressly    permitted by Eastwood, no materials from this website or any website owned,    operated, licensed or controlled by Eastwood may be copied, reproduced, republished,    uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way. You may download material    displayed on this website for your use only provided you also retain all copyright    and other proprietary notices contained on the materials. You may not distribute,    modify, transmit, reuse, repost, or use the content of this website for public    or commercial purposes, including the text, images, audio, and video without    Eastwood's written permission. Eastwood neither warrants    nor represents that your use of materials displayed on this website will not    infringe rights of third parties not owned by or affiliated with Eastwood.
JURISDICTIONAL ISSUES
Unless otherwise expressly set forth herein, Eastwood makes no representation    that materials on this website are appropriate or available for use in any location.    Those who choose to access this website do so on their own initiative and are    responsible for compliance with local laws. All legal issues will be addressed    within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, U.S.A.
TRADEMARKS AND COPYRIGHTS
All trademarks, trade names, logos, copyrights, registrations, and icons    are proprietary to Eastwood. Nothing contained on the website should be construed    as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to    use any trademark displayed on this website without the written permission of    Eastwood or such third party that may own the trademarks displayed on this website.    Your use of the trademarks displayed on this website, or any other content on    this website, except as provided herein, is strictly prohibited.
The following are registered trademarks of the Easthill Group, Inc: Eastwood®, Chassis Black®, Detail Gray®, Diamond Clear®, Golden Cad®, HotCoat®, Tank Tone®, TiCoat47®, Undergone®,Tank Tone®.
The following trademarks are pending registration of the Easthill Group, Inc:Almost Chrome™, Carb Renew™, Chrome Smoke™, Gas Tank Sealer™, Metal Wash™, Pre™, Radiator Black™, RustEncapsulator™, Silver Cad™, Spray Gray™, Underhood Black™, Fast Etch™, Liquid Chrome™,Dekote&#153.
Images displayed on this website are either the property of, or used with permission by, Eastwood. The use of these images by you, or anyone else authorized by you, is prohibited unless specifically permitted herein. Any unauthorized use of the images may    violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and communications regulations and statutes.
SOFTWARE LICENSES
You acknowledge that any software available or provided to you on this website may contain technology that is subject to strict controls by various agencies    of the United States Government pursuant to United States export control laws    and regulations. You hereby agree that you will not transfer or export such    software from the United States (including, for example, providing such software    to any foreign person or entity in the United States) or re-export such software    outside the United States in violation of United States export laws and regulations.    Eastwood does not authorize the downloading or exportation of any software or    technical data from this website to any jurisdiction prohibited by the United    States export controls laws and regulations.
Email Deals
Sign up now to receive exclusive email deals, industry news, and new product releases.*
Buy online or call 1-800-343-9353
Source Code: 1NT01
