Using your email
Password recovery
Last updated: 27/12/2016 / Available in English only 
In order to explain our handling of personal data to you and to comply with general legal provisions on data protection, Privatix has established this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all offered and operated services Privatix. 
1. Data Controller
The data controller responsible for any collection, processing and use of personal data in each of the Privatix services is : 
- Privatix mobile app’s network encryption with IPSEC (VPN)
- Privatix browsers extensions with HTTPS network encryption
- Privatix desktop software with IPSEC (VPN) network encryption 
("we" or "us").
2. Personal Data
Our objective is that no personal data is collected, processed or permanently stored. Personal data is defined as any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual. Your personal data will be collected or utilized only to the extent necessary to perform our services or if you have given us your consent beforehand.
For example:
• When you contact our customer support 
• Providing further information upon your request
• Your postings in forums, communities and through comment functions
Your personal data is collected, stored and used for the respective purpose only.
3. Registration and Use of Privatix
If you choose Privatix and install the product Privatix made available by us, we kindly ask you to provide us with a valid e-mail address. We will generate a password for you which will be sent to you via e-mail. There is an option to use Privatix without email registration, in this case, we make a temporary user based on your unique user data (DeviceID, HWID, UIID), to identify you later. 
When using Privatix, you will have the possibility to select the access point or the server location you want to use in order to send an encrypted request to a website. By default, we display the server closest to you first. As a general rule, this is the fastest connection. However, if wished, you can choose another server. The decision is all yours. 
When choosing an access point please note that only this server will process your IP address and request for the webpage you would like to access (the "Targeted Website"). 
4. Recording and Revocation of the consent
We do not store information regarding the location you selected for the encryption of your IP address when you chose the server location for the use of Privatix, because data minimization is the intent and purpose of Privatix. Therefore, your IP address is processed only temporarily and only for transmission to the Targeted Website without being stored permanently in the logfiles of the server selected by you. 
If you wish, you can access the content of the (electronic) consent as well as revoke the consent with effect for the future at any time. In such case, we kindly ask you to contact us under our postal address or e-mail address provided in the imprint. 
5. Privatix App
We also provide a Privatix mobile App’s which enables you to use Privatix services and benefits on a mobile device. This privacy policy also applies to the Privatix App. I.e. even if you use the Privatix App we do not collect or utilize your data in any other way than described in this privacy policy. 
6. Transfer of Data
We shall not transfer any personal data which we collected and stored based on your consent or on a statutory permission to a third party. 
7. Google Analytics
We analyse the behaviour of the users in order to further optimize our services. These evaluations are carried out pseudonymized, i.e. the name and other identification features will be substituted by an identifier with the purpose to prevent the identification of a specific individual. For statistical analysis we use Google Analytics uses a web analytics service provided by the Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "Cookies", text files that are stored on your computer and permit an analysis of your use of our website and online services.
The information about your use of our websites and online services generated by the Cookie is transmitted to a server controlled by Google in the USA and stored there. Privatix uses Google Analytics with the extension "_anonymizeIp()", sending the IP addresses which are to be transmitted to Google to a server located in Europe first, where they are shortened and processed with the purpose to prevent individuals being identified. Google uses this information to analyze your use of Privatix or the visit of our website, to create activity reports and to provide further services related to website.
Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law, or so far as third parties process this information on Google's behalf. If desired, you may refuse the installation of the Google Analytics Cookie by changing your browser settings; please note that in this case you may not be able to make full use of all functions provided by us. You may  object  to the collection and storage of data on behalf of Google Analytics at any time with effect for the future by using a Google Browser-Plugin. Please also take note of Google's privacy policy which is independent from ours. We assume no responsibility or liability for these guidelines and proceedings or data collected and processed under Google's responsibility. Therefore, please obtain further information on  Google's privacy policy . 
8. Social Networks
You can also follow us in social networks, such as Facebook. In case you want to provide us information or connect with us or send a friend request on those networks, depending on your privacy settings we may be able to access your profile information. 
If you activate one of the Facebook, Twitter and/or Google+ "like buttons" on our website by clicking on them, information will be transferred to the operator of the respective service in the USA. This information might be stored and utilized there. We do not know in which exact way these providers handle this data. We are not responsible for any storage or utilization of such data, including a possible placement of a cookie by the company which operates the respective social network. You can gather further information on the exact processing of the data, storage periods and purposes of the processing at the respective company. You can revoke your consent into the data transfer at any time, to take future effect, by deactivating the respective button. 
9. Third Party Content
In case you leave our website by using a link to an external website, we indicate that you are about to connect to another internet provider. These marked links lead to content that is not stored on our own servers. 
Different privacy policies may apply to the websites to which the external links lead may contain. We, therefore, recommend to check these privacy policies by visiting the homepage of the respective online service or (if necessary) contact the controller of the respective website. 
10. Your Rights
You may assert your rights of information, of correction, of erasure or of blocking at any time. We would like to draw your attention to the fact that you may object the data processing for commercial purposes, market research or designing of demand-oriented services at any time. You can opt-out as outlined above or - after you have transmitted your data to us - assert your aforementioned rights by mail or e-mail. Please contact us under the mail or e-mail address provided in our imprint . 
11. Legal information and contacts
Company name: Privatix Limited
2404, Nicosia 
Phone / Fax : +(357) 2200-8399
Privatix - it’s privacy protection VPN / Proxy solution with free access. Allows to unblock any blocked websites, protect wifi and ensure online security.
