This site will go in to Maintanence in another 10 min
Remember me
Recover password
×
This site will go in to Maintanence in another 10 min
Remember me
Recover password
Enter your e-mail address and we will send an e-mail to you with a link to reset your password.
PRIVACY POLICY
Last Updated: 01/2017
 
Scope and Consent
You accept this Privacy Policy when you access or use the Rodan + Fields® website (or any of our international websites or applications) and any products, services software, tools, applications, features or functionality offered on or through the website or mobile application (including any Rodan + Fields Independent Consultant personal web pages provided through the website) (collectively, the “Site”). You may be accessing our Site from a computer or mobile phone device (through an iPhone or iPad application, for example) or through a Rodan + Fields mobile application, and the provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices. We may add additional Sites from time to time as we expand our offerings and this Privacy Policy will govern those new Sites when added.
We also like to interact with you on third-party sites where we post content or invite your feedback, including sites such as Facebook , Twitter , Pinterest and YouTube ("Third-Party Sites").  Please read the privacy policies of those social platforms, because your posts published on those platforms will no longer be governed by this Privacy Policy, except to the extent you provide or disclose your personal information via a private messaging function. In general, this Privacy Policy covers all collection, use and disclosure of your personal information, whether through the Site or otherwise.
 
Information Collected About You
We collect the following types of personal information in order to provide you with the use of the Site and to help us personalize and improve your experience.
Information we collect automatically: When you use the Site, we collect information sent to us by your computer or mobile device. The information sent to us includes, but is not limited to, the following:
IP Addresses: Your Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We use your IP address, and the IP addresses of all users, for purposes such as calculating Site usage levels, helping diagnose problems with the Site's servers, administering the Site, analyzing trends, including suspicious activity detection and prevention, administering the Site, tracking traffic patterns, and gathering demographic information for aggregate use. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites. If you access the Site or application via a mobile device such as a smartphone, the collected information may also include your phone's unique device ID, location, and other similar mobile device data.
Environmental Variables: We and our service providers may also collect certain environmental variables, such as your MAC address, computer type (Windows or Macintosh), screen resolution, OS version, Internet browser, and Internet browser version. These environmental variables are collected by most browsers, and can be used to optimize your experience on the Site.
Cookies: We and our service providers may use "cookies" on the Site. Cookies are data that a web server transfers to an individual's computer for record keeping purposes. Cookies are an industry standard used by most websites, and can facilitate users' ongoing access to and use of a particular website; cookies do not cause damage to your computer systems or files. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer of a particular cookie, or cookies from a particular website, to your computer. We are continuously working to make your experience on our Site better. To this end, we generally use Google Analytics (or other similar web analytics tool) to assist us in better understanding your use of our Site. Such web analytics tool may place cookies on your computer to collect information on our behalf that will show us how you come to our Site and how you use and navigate our Site. Some of our other business partners and service providers may also use cookies on the Site. However, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use.
Pixel Tags: We and our service providers may also use so-called "pixel tags," "web beacons," "clear GIFs" or similar means (collectively, "Pixel Tags") in connection with some Site pages and HTML-formatted email messages to, among other things, compile aggregate statistics about Site usage and response rates. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1x1), that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors' hard drives. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services, and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, Pixel Tags can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened.
Information you provide to us: We may collect and store any information you provide us when you use the Site. For example, when you decide to complete a user registration form, complete an online survey or make a purchase, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information (name, email address, mailing address and telephone number). If you decide to place an order, we will also need to know your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiration date. Enrolling Independent Consultants are also asked to provide their date of birth, Social Security number and other personal information, which is required in order to begin a Consultantship.
We may also collect information from or about you from other sources, such as through your contact with us, including our Sales Support Department or your results when you respond to a survey. Additionally, for quality and training purposes or for our own protection, we may monitor or record our telephone conversations with you or anyone acting on your behalf. By communicating with Rodan + Fields, you acknowledge that your communication may be overheard, monitored, or recorded without further notice or warning.
To protect your personal information, users registering at the Site must also enter a user name/email address and password. By making a purchase, you become a registered user of rodananddfields.com. Once you are a registered user, information required to make a purchase is stored in your account—such as your credit card number, shipping and billing addresses. If you change your mind about storing this information, you can email the Sales Support Department at salessupportca@rodanandfields.com to amend or delete this information. If you would prefer that we not collect any such personal information from you, please do not provide us with any such information.
When you submit personal information on the Site, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information about you as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Please note that if you choose to share information about yourself in an open format, such as through a Third-Party Site such as Facebook or Twitter, we may consider some of that information to be public information—and not personal information.
Anonymous data: Throughout this Privacy Policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user. Nor do we consider general information such as your geographic location, age group, gender, product and/or cosmetic concerns, and the brands and products that you use when you voluntarily provide such information to us, as “personal information,” when not combined with information that can be used to personally identify you or any other user.
 
How We Use Personal Information
Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure, smooth, efficient and customized experience. We may use your personal information to:
Process transactions and send notices about your transactions. When you make a purchase through the Site, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number, billing address and other information related to such purchase (collectively, "Payment Information") from you, and may use such Payment Information in order to fulfil your purchase.
Provide marketing information and newsletters to you regarding our products and promotions. If you prefer not to receive such emails, please see the section below entitled Choice/Opt-Out . You may receive the benefit of hearing from Rodan + Fields via postal mail or phone even if you have opted-out from receiving these marketing emails, unless you explicitly withdraw your consent to our use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Permit emails to friends. We may provide functionality to permit you to send messages regarding Site-related content to a friend through the Site. If you wish to use this feature, you may provide us with your friend's email address so that we can facilitate the sending of your message to your friend.
Provide sales support.
Send administrative communications regarding the Site, service-related announcements, etc., which are necessary to serve you, respond to your concerns and to provide the high level of customer service that Rodan + Fields offers. Because this information may be important to your use of the Site, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications unless you explicitly withdraw your consent to our use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.
Verify your identity, including during account creation and password reset processes.
Manage risk, or to detect, prevent, and/or remediate suspicious account activity or other potentially prohibited or illegal activities.
Manage and protect our information technology infrastructure.
Contact you at any telephone number, by placing a voice call or through text (SMS) or email messaging, as authorized by our Terms and Conditions and the Consultant Agreement.
Provide targeted marketing and advertising, provide service update notices, and deliver promotional offers based on your communication preferences.
 
How We Share Personal Information with Other Third Parties
We may share the personal information we collect from you, including your name, contact details, and transactions and activities, in connection with:
Communications to Independent Consultants: When you submit personal information on this Site, the information that you provide may be shared with Independent Consultants if you consent by choosing to be associated with an Independent Consultant. If you choose, we may share your name, phone number, email address and order information with Independent Consultants. Independent Consultants may use this information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy and in the Consultant Agreement, including to follow up on orders you placed on the Site or contact you with other special offers from Rodan + Fields.
Emails to Friends: Please note that any personal information you provide in connection with sending messages regarding Site-related content to a friend through the Site, such as your name and your email address, will of course be disclosed to your friend.
Assignment: We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from Site users to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Rodan + Fields' business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
Other Non-affiliated Parties, including service providers, such as:
Suspicious Activity Prevention and Risk Management: to help prevent suspicious activity or assess and manage risk.  For example, at the time of order, we may collect and share your email, phone number, billing and shipping addresses and device information (including IP address and geographic location) with our service provider.
Shipping: in connection with shipping products you may have ordered through the Site.
Other Service Providers: to enable service providers under contract with us to support our business operations, such as bill collection, marketing, customer service and technology services. Our contracts dictate that these service providers only use your information in connection with the services they perform for us and not for their own benefit.
 
Third-Party Marketing
 
Law Enforcement; Emergencies; Compliance
 
Children Under 13
 
Links
 
How We Secure Your Information
We realize that our customers trust us to protect their personal information. We take that task seriously. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. We implement various security measures and tools, such as firewalls, to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. For example:
–We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our Site. SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third-party interception.
–We never display your full credit card number once it is entered. We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes.
 
Measures You Can Take
 
Other Information
 
Transfer of Information outside Your Home Country
 
Updating and Accessing Your Information
You have the ability to change and/or correct the personal information that you provide us by emailing us at privacy@rodanandfields.com . You have the right to ask in writing whether we hold any personal information about you, to see that information, and how we collect, use or disclose your personal information. We may not be able to provide you with all the information that you request, depending on the circumstances, and there may be a charge for any copy of personal information requested. You may request that we deactivate your account by emailing us at privacy@rodanandfields.com .
 
Choice/Opt-Out
You may opt-out of receiving future emails from Rodan + Fields when you register at the Site or otherwise provide your contact information to Rodan + Fields. Please note that this opt-out only applies to Rodan + Fields promotional emails and does not apply to communications to serve you unless you have explicitly withdrawn consent for us to use your personal information, or to other communications which may reference Rodan + Fields, e.g., from a retail store or Independent Consultant. You may opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails by emailing us at optout@rodanandfields.com . If you receive a Promotional Email and want to avoid further messages, look at the end of the email for instructions on how to remove yourself from the mailing list.
 
Social Commerce and Other Third Parties
 
Comments/Complaints
If you have any questions, comments, concerns or complaints about the Site's privacy practices, please contact us by email at privacy@rodanandfields.com or visit the Contact Us section of our website. Please note that email communications will not necessarily be secure; accordingly you should not include credit card information or other sensitive information in your email correspondence with us.
