Perfumes
Articles
female
male
shared
Designers
This policy is effective as of May 08, 2011. (GDPR Update Mar 2018)
Fragrantica Principles
We built Fragrantica to make it easy to share information and express yourself to your friends and people around you. We understand you may not want everyone in the world to have the information you share on Fragrantica; that is why we give you control of your information. Our default privacy settings limit the information displayed in your profile and you can use board (then click the profile link) also perfume wardrobe to adjust settings or edit/remove information about you displayed on this site.
Fragrantica follows two core principles:
1. You should have control over your personal information.
Fragrantica helps you share information with your friends and people around you. You choose what information you put in your profile, including contact and personal information, pictures, interests and groups you join. And you control the users with whom you share that information through the privacy settings on the Privacy page.
2. You should have access to the information others want to share.
There is an increasing amount of information available out there, and you may want to know what relates to you, your friends, and people around you. We want to help you easily get that information. Sharing information should be easy. And we want to provide you with the privacy tools necessary to control how and with whom you share that information. If you have questions or ideas, please send them to [email protected] .
Fragrantica's Privacy Policy
Fragrantica's Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you decide to share, and help you make informed decisions when using Fragrantica, located at www.fragrantica.com and its directly associated domains (collectively, "Fragrantica" or "Website")
By using or accessing Fragrantica, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The Information We Collect
When you visit Fragrantica you provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected by us and Web Site use information collected by us as you interact with our Web Site.
Fragrantica.com respects your privacy. We take precautions to safeguard your personally identifiable information.
Data that you voluntarily provide
The individual must provide the Data requested during registration to Fragrantica.com or registration to any Service at Fragrantica.com in the required fields of the questionnaire, indicated by an asterisk(*), in order to benefit from the service or the desired offer. Without this information, the person's registration for the Service or offer will not be effective and the person will not be able to benefit from this Service or offer. Answers to the fields that are not indicated with an asterisk (*) are optional.
If you want to take part in quizzes and surveys you are asked to provide personal data like your name, address, telephone number, age and similar. Some of them are requested and indicated by an asterisk(*), in order to receive shipment with prize. If indicated on the form, we will share the winner's information with a 3rd party, for example the sponsor who will send you shipment. If you do not want to share that information with a 3rd party you should not take a part in the quiz or survey. We may display statistical results of quiz or survey but we will not display it on the site, give, sell or share with 3rd party.
We use the information that you voluntarily provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, statistical purposes,awarding prizes for contests we organize on Fragrantica.com, improving our service and communicating more effectively with you.
Automatic Information
Fragrantica.com receives and stores certain types of information automatically whenever you interact with us. For example, like many Web sites, we use 'cookies'. In that way, we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our site. There are a number of companies that offer utilities designed to help you visit Web sites anonymously. Although Fragrantica.com will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, you should be aware that these disabling tools exist.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that Fragrantica.com transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser. They enable our systems to recognize your browser. If we recognize you, Fragrantica.com can provide more customized or personalized features each time you log on to our site.
The 'help' portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and/or how to disable cookies altogether. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of our site's features. Fragrantica.com recommends that you leave them turned on.
It is possible that some of Fragrantica.com's business partners may also use cookies on our website. However, Fragrantica.com has no access to, or control over, these cookies. Therefore, we do not accept any responsibility for such use.
Children Under Age 13
Fragrantica does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for Fragrantica or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on Fragrantica. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [email protected] .
Children Between the Ages of 13 and 18
We recommend that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
Links
Fragrantica may contain links to other websites. We are of course not responsible for the privacy practices of other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Fragrantica.
Third Party Advertising
Advertisements that appear on Fragrantica are sometimes delivered (or "served") directly to users by third party advertisers. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer, or use other technologies such as JavaScript and "web beacons" (also known as "1x1 gifs") to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. In this way, they may compile information about where individuals using your computer or browser saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked. Fragrantica does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. Third party advertisers have no access to your contact information stored on Fragrantica unless you choose to share it with them.
This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Fragrantica and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of its advertisers.
E-mail Privacy Policy
We have created this email privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your information.
Why did you receive an email from us?
If you received a mailing from us, (a) your email address is either listed with us as someone who has expressly shared this address for the purpose of receiving information in the future (“opt-in”), or (b) you have registered  or otherwise have an existing relationship with us. We respect your time and attention by controlling the frequency of our mailings.
How we protect your privacy
We use security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system.
Sharing and Usage
We will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. Information submitted to us is only available to employees managing this information for purposes of contacting you or sending you emails based on your request for information and to contracted service providers for purposes of providing services relating to our communications with you.
How can you stop receiving email from us?
Each email sent contains an easy, automated way for you to cease receiving email from us, or to change your expressed interests. If you wish to do this, simply follow the instructions at the end of any email or send request to [email protected]
If you have received unwanted, unsolicited emails sent via this system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to [email protected] for review.
Changing or Removing Information
Access and control over most personal information on Fragrantica is readily available through the profile editing tools. Fragrantica users may modify or delete any of their profile information at any time by logging into their account. Information will be updated immediately. Individuals who wish to deactivate their Fragrantica account may do so on the My Account page. Removed information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time but will not be generally available to members of Fragrantica.
Where you make use of the communication features of the service to share information with other individuals on Fragrantica, however, (e.g., sending a personal message to another Fragrantica user) you generally cannot remove such communications.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at [email protected] .
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Effective Date: 01.01.2011
A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed.
As stated in our Privacy Policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Only in special cases when you participate in giveaways, contests or similar events on the Fragrantica you will be directly asked and you have to confirm that you want to share your personal information with third parties by clicking checkbox or agree button. Please note that your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.
You are entitled, but limited to the extent required by law, upon sending us a request by email at [email protected] to receive the following information: a) the names and addresses of all of the third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year and, if the nature of that third parties' business cannot reasonably be determined from the third parties' name, examples of the products or services marketed, if known to us, sufficient to give you a reasonable indication of the nature of the third parties' business and; b) a list of the categories of information that correspond to the personal information disclosed by us to such third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes as set forth in the applicable law.
California customers may request further information about our compliance with the law referenced above by e-mailing [email protected] Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address.
Addition to Privacy Policy for Fragrantica Inc in respect to GDPR requirements
Effective May 2018 in addition to all above
GDPR designated representative is
San Diego, CA 92130
At Fragrantica, accessible from https://www.fragrantica.com https://www.fragrantica.asia https://www.fragrantica.com.br https://www.fragrantica.pl https://www.fragrantica.ru https://www.fragrantica.ro https://www.fragrantica.de https://www.fragrantica.nl https://www.fragrantica.es https://www.fragrantica.co.il https://www.fragrantica.gr https://www.fragrantica.it https://www.fragranticarabia.com https://www.fragrantica.fr https://www.punmiris.com https://www.fragrantica.jp https://www.fragrantica.kr https://www.fragrantica.ua https://www.fragrantica.mn   one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Fragrantica and how we use it.
If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at [email protected]
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
We are a Data Controller of your information.
Fragrantica Inc legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Information we collect and the specific context in which we collect the information:
Fragrantica Inc needs to perform a contract with you
You have given Fragrantica Inc permission to do so
Processing your personal information is in Fragrantica Inc legitimate interests
Fragrantica Inc needs to comply with the law
Fragrantica Inc will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our policies.
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. If you wish to be informed what Personal Information we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.
The right of rectification.
The right to object.
The right of restriction.
Log Files
Fragrantica follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Like any other website, Fragrantica uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
Google DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google is one of a third-party vendor on our site. It also uses cookies, known as DART cookies, to serve ads to our site visitors based upon their visit to www.website.com and other sites on the internet. However, visitors may choose to decline the use of DART cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network Privacy Policy at the following URL – https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
Our Advertising Partners
Some of advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. Our advertising partners are listed below. Each of our advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their policies on user data. For easier access, we hyperlinked to their Privacy Policies below.
Privacy Policies
You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Fragrantica.
Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Fragrantica, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
Note that Fragrantica has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
Third Pary Privacy Policies
Fragrantica's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. It may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. You may find a complete list of these Privacy Policies and their links here: Privacy Policy Links.
You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Children's Information
Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
Fragrantica does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms.
Copyrights © 2006-2017 Fragrantica.com perfumes magazine - All Rights Reserved - do not copy anything without prior written permission. Please read the Terms of Service and Privacy policy.
Fragrantica® Inc, San Diego, CA United States
