It's a New Day in Public Health.
The Florida Department of Health works to protect, promote & improve the health of all people in Florida through integrated state, county, & community efforts.
General:
Thank you for visiting The Florida Department of Health in Hillsborough County Web site. Your privacy is very important to us. Our policy is not to collect any personal information about you when you visit this Web site, unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.
Your Information:
When you visit The Florida Department of Health in Hillsborough County portal, the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information. Additionally, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to this site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved, and your personal information is not identified.
Collected Information:
If you choose to share personal information, such as by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of Florida's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law. Please note that Florida's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.
Florida Department of Health Email Advisory:
Under Florida law, e-mail addresses are public records. If you do not want your e-mail address released in response to a public records request, do not send electronic mail to this entity. Instead, contact this office by phone or in writing. If you have other questions about this privacy policy, or have suggestions on how it may be improved, please feel free to contact us by telephone at (813) 307-8000.
In addition, any information you provide may be saved for a designated period of time to comply with Florida's archiving policies and may be subject to disclosure as required by State or Federal law. Please note that Florida's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.
Protecting your Medical Information:
The Department of Health has implemented Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) privacy practices that provide individuals who receive care from our agency with certain rights.
HIPAA is the acronym for the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act of 1996.
The Privacy Rule established national standards to protect a person's confidential information, and to give patients more access to their own medical records.
The Security Rule provided standards for protecting confidential information, both in hard copy and electronic formats. This rule also required the establishment of disaster recovery and business continuity plans.
The Transaction Code Set Rule provided national standards for transmitting electronic billing information from one provider to another.
Refer to the Florida Department of Health - HIPAA for additional resources and publications about HIPAA, privacy practices, disease reporting, newborn screening, and poison control centers.
Connect with DOH
