What does Woodforest National Bank do with your personal information?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the             right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and             protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us.              This information can include:
Social Security number and income
Account balances and payment history
Credit history and checking account information
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In             the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information;             the reasons we choose to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Woodforest share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes-
such  as  to  process  your  transactions,  maintain  your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
information about your creditworthiness
No
No
Who we are
Woodforest National Bank ("Woodforest")
How does Woodforest protect my personal information?
To  protect  your  personal  information  from  unauthorized  access  and  use,  we  use                security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer                safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also limit access by our employees to information that we believe is reasonably                  necessary to maintain your accounts, complete a transaction that you authorized, or                  otherwise meet your needs.
How does Woodforest collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or deposit money
pay your bills or apply for a loan
use your credit or debit card
We  also  collect  your  personal  information  from  others,  such  as  credit  bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes–information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may gvie you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies such as
investment companies
insurance companies
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
We don't share with nonaffiliates so that they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
Our joint marketing partners include financial services companies.
Member
FDIC
