Your Growing Zone:
Your Growing Zone:
Unable to locate a growing zone for that ZIP code.
GO
Shop by Phone:
Our Privacy Policy
Nature Hills Nursery is America’s largest online plant nursery, selling to customers all across the United States.
Nature Hills Nursery respects the privacy of visitors to our website and the privacy of our customers. We take your privacy seriously. We will not collect personal information about any visitor to our website, unless the visitor is made aware that we are collecting such information. We ensure that any information that is collected is collected in a secure and safe encrypted manner. You have a right to know what information we are collecting, and for what purposes. Any questions regarding our use of your data, or requests to remove any data we may hold, can be directed to Data Compliance Officer via our Contact Us page .
Currently, we would collect personal information as a part of our sales process for the following reasons:
We receive and store certain types of activity whenever you interact with us. Just like many websites, we use "cookies," and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses NatureHills.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of NatureHills.com on other Web sites. These cookies also allow us to serve you directed marketing on our behalf, via advertising on other websites.
Website Usage: We track our customers’ usage of our website for the purposes of improving the user experience and satisfaction with our store. This usage is ambiguous and is not linked to a specific individual customer.
Product Purchase: We will use your information ONLY to process your order, ship your order, answer questions about products, and advise you of other product related information.
Customer Service: We may utilize customer, mailing address, email address and phone information for the purposes of contacting and responding to customer service issues.
Newsletter Registration: We will use your information ONLY to email you our newsletter. To assist us in making emails more useful, we often receive a confirmation when you open an email from us.
Promotional Material/Specials: We will use your information ONLY to email you promotions/specials that we may be offering from time to time.
3rd Party Marketing: Nature Hills Nursery will only use your information for our own marketing purposes and will not provide your information to outside companies to market their products or services.
We would/will collect the following kinds of information:
Your name, address, email address, phone number(s), credit card number and/or billing information. This information is used ONLY to process your order, charge your debit/credit card for payment and ship your order.
We will not make personal information available to outside organizations, except for organizations that work with us on Nature Hills Nursery promotions. In such case, such personal information is used only for purposes related to the administration of the promotions.
When requested, we will remove a you from our email list or mailing list and/or purge your information from out systems. Please direct your requests to the attention of our Data Compliance Officer via our Contact Us page .
Shop Nature Hills
powered by BirdEye
Join Our Newsletter
Exclusive Offers - Special Savings - FREE $5 Coupon - Average 2 times a week
Contact Information
All Rights Reserved
Customer Service Hours
