Get free shipping on any order over $40! Learn More
Free Shipping on Any Order Over $40!
Place any order over $40 on bissell.com, and your entire purchase will ship free!
No coupon code required.
Google
 Facebook
Love Your Pet, But Not the Mess
BISSELL is committed to donating up to $1,000,000 each year to BPF, but is on track to far exceed that goal. BISSELL will donate up to $10 for each pet product purchased* to BPF to help find every pet a home.
Free Shipping on Any Order Over $40
Place any order over $40, and your entire purchase will ship free! No coupon code required.
A New Way to Checkout on BISSELL.com
We now offer PayPal for fast & easy checkout, in addition to our standard credit card payment option. Simply choose the PayPal option when you checkout.
Our Return Policy is Simple and Convenient
If you’re not completely satisfied with your purchase, you have 30 days from the delivery date of your original purchase to make a return.* Pay just $4.95 in return shipping.
*For safety reasons, cleaning formulas cannot be returned.
Learn more  about our 30-Day Satisfaction Guarantee.
BISSELL U.S. Privacy Policy
Effective August 20, 2018
The BISSELL® group of companies (collectively “BISSELL”) has spent more than 140 years finding ways to make your home a cleaner place for you and your pets. In today’s age, one mess we all want to avoid relates to your private information – we know privacy is important to you. This document provides our Privacy Policy, which explains how BISSELL collects, uses, and shares information of people who use BISSELL apps, websites, or services (“Users”) in the United States. If you live outside the U.S., please visit the BISSELL website that applies to the country where you are to find a similar document (visit global.BISSELL.com to find the appropriate BISSELL site to your location).
Our Privacy Policy governs your access to, and use of, all BISSELL operated websites, software, apps, and any other BISSELL internet connected products; it also applies to in-person, over-the-phone, and online services provided by BISSELL (collectively, the “Services”).
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. IT HAS IMPORTANT INFORMATION ABOUT HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION.
If you have questions, reach out to us using the contact information at the end of this document.
Quick Guide to Contents:
1. Why do we collect and use information?
BISSELL collects information from and about you when you use our Services. That information helps us give you the most useful Services and shopping experience. We may use the information you submit to
 
2. What type of information do we collect?
Personally Identifiable Information or “PII” refers to information that can be used to identify you. Examples of PII include your name, gender, birthdate, address, email address, or phone number. We may combine the PII you provide to us with other information we may collect from or about you or obtain from third-party services. Please know you are not required to give us PII and are free to withhold all or any part of it at any time, though if you decide to withhold it we may not be able to give you some or all the Services.
BISSELL Account Information: You may have to register for an account to use certain Services, like registering a newly purchased BISSELL product. BISSELL will need to collect information from you regarding your account registration. You will need a username and password and will have the option of providing other information within your personal profile, including pictures, your location, and information about your contacts.
Location Information: As you access the Services, we can provide customized information to you by accessing your location, and so we may access, collect, monitor, and/or remotely store data about your location. That can include your address, zip code, GPS coordinates, or similar information about where your BISSELL products, your computer, or other devices used to access the Services are located (“Location Information”). We can use the Location Information via any third-party applications to help provide intelligent notifications about updates or actions you should take relating to your BISSELL products or Services. Location Information can also help us monitor and maintain the BISSELL Ecosystem and help improve Services for all users. While you are free to disable your device so that Location Information is not provided, some features of the Services may not work correctly if location data is impaired or disabled.
Correspondence Information: If you call us, email us, or subscribe to our newsletters or mailing lists, or buy products through the Services, we may keep your message, email address, and contact information to respond to your requests, provide the requested Service, give you information or offers we think may interest you, and/or give notifications of other correspondences to you. If you want to opt-out of these messages, you can do so via the “My Profile” or “Email Subscriptions” sections on the Services or by contacting us at the information listed at the bottom of this document. Please be aware we may still need to contact you about certain important service announcements or notifications.
Public Information: BISSELL may collect information about you from publicly available sources. Any information you make public, including on social media, is available to us (and anyone else for that matter) for collection and use in customizing our communications to you or otherwise.
Links: BISSELL may keep track of how you interact with links on the Services, including emails, third-party services, and client applications. We do this to help analyze and improve the Services. Link information is usually only analyzed on an aggregated basis.
Cookies, Web Beacons, & Other Tracking Technologies: Like a lot of other services, BISSELL may automatically or passively collect certain information and data from your browser or device using “cookies,” “web beacons,” and other similar technology.
Cookies – are small data files, transferred to your computer or mobile device. BISSELL may use both session and persistent cookies. Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies.
Web Beacons – are small graphics placed on websites or emails to gather information about how the site or email is used. Through these, we can learn about how you use some of our partners’ sites, even before you arrive at ours or after you leave. We may use that information to improve our Services, provide personalized content, and monitor traffic on our sites and apps.
Log File Information: While using our Services, we may get information like your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information, and search terms. We can get this information when you interact with our Services. We use the information to provide, understand, and improve our Services and its content. BISSELL may link this log file to other information we collect.
 
3. How do we use your information for Interest-Based Advertising?
We may use third parties to measure and target advertisements for us about our products and services that are tailored to your online interests. We allow these third-party companies to use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and similar technologies to collect certain data and other information about your online activity. This information is used to display advertisements for BISSELL on the Services or across other websites, mobile applications, social media or online services that you use.
We also may display interest-based ads through Facebook, Twitter, or other social media platforms or websites. This is done through the Facebook Custom Audiences, Twitter Tailor Audiences, or other similar business tools. These tools allow us to personalize our ads based on your shopping experience with us, without having to share your personal information with these social media platforms. We do this only by sharing hashed information (which converts your email or phone number to a unique string of numbers and letters) that the social media platform then matches data against its own data for the limited purpose
of serving advertisements (either directly to you or to other lookalike audiences). The matched and unmatched hashes are then deleted, and are not used for any other purpose.
 
4. Do we share your information?
BISSELL won’t share, sell, or rent your personal information to third parties without your consent, except as described in this document, including:
BISSELL Personnel and authorized partners may access your information as needed to operate the Services.
Service Providers who may need access to your information to help us provide and support the Services, including hosting companies, payment processors (see above), or analytics information companies. Information we share may include what you give to us and what we collect about you as noted above and may include Personally Identifiable Information.
Certain Third-Parties can include marketing and advertising companies we use to deliver our ads, information, and other BISSELL promotions to you, through the Services and through other mechanisms, to give materials to you on third-party websites and/or platforms.
Business Transactions: It’s always possible BISSELL could purchase or sell business assets or be involved in a merger, acquisition, or reorganization (a “Business Transaction”). Because it’s part of our ongoing business, your information, including Personally Identifiable Information, may be sold or transferred as part of a Business Transaction.
Lawful Requests: Court orders, subpoenas, or some laws may require us to disclose your information. Please know we don’t disclose that information unless we believe the request meets applicable legal standards. We may share your information when we think it’s necessary to comply with the law, to protect our interest or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, or to protect someone’s safety. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies. Nothing in this document is meant to limit any legal defenses or objections you may have to a third party’s request to disclose your information.
 
5. How can you access the information BISSELL has about you or change what we do with it?
There are tools and settings within the Services to help you access, correct, delete, or modify the information you’ve given BISSELL or which is associated with your account. To manage or edit your name or other personal information or take yourself off our email list, do so under the “My Profile” section on the Services. To make any of these changes or delete your account, or if you have any questions regarding these Terms of Use, you can also simply contact us at Customer Care ( https://www.BISSELL.com/support ) or use the information at the end of this document. Remember:
 
A. Cookies, Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures
Certain parts of our Services require cookies. You may adjust your device or Internet browser settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features of the Service or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your device’s settings or your Internet browser’s “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your device or browser from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences. For now, BISSELL doesn’t employ a process for automatically responding to “Do Not Track” (DNT) signals sent by browsers, mobile devices, or similar mechanisms.
B. Interest-Based Advertising Choices
Per industry standards, third parties may be able to collect information about your online activities over time, and across different websites when you use our Services. To understand your choices for receiving more relevant advertising provided on the Service or across other websites and online services, please review the information below.
DAA: To learn more about such interest-based advertising, and to opt out of such collection and use for interest-based advertising by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info .
NAI: To opt out from the use of information about your online activities for interest-based advertising by Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) member companies, please visit http://optout.networkadvertising.org .
On your mobile device, you may also adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising.
You can also limit some tracking devices by disabling cookies on your browser. Please note that even if you opt-out, you may still receive advertisements from BISSELL that are not customized based on cookies.
C. Unsubscribe from Marketing Communications
 
7. What are your California privacy rights?
 
8. How does BISSELL protect your information?
BISSELL is working hard to protect your information and keep it from being stolen or misused. When personal information (such as credit card information) is sent to other websites, it’s protected by encryption, like the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. That said, our reality is that no data security protocol is impenetrable, and BISSELL can’t guarantee the security of our systems or databases nor can we guarantee that personal information we collect about you will not be breached, intercepted, destroyed, accessed, or otherwise disclosed without authorization. Accordingly, you transfer your information at your own risk.
Please do your part to help us keep your information secure by keeping your BISSELL Account and password confidential. You are responsible for all activities that occur under your password or BISSELL Account, and we reserve the right to block the Services and terminate any related contract if it appears you have disclosed your account or password information to an unauthorized third party.
 
9. How does BISSELL transfer and store your information?
The Services in this Agreement are intended for access and use in the United States. Any information BISSELL collects about you may be transferred, processed, and/or accessed by us in the United States, or any other country where we, or our Service Providers operate. Please know that Personally Identifiable Information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers not in the state or country where you live, meaning the privacy laws could differ from and may not be as protective as those where you live. If you are located outside the United States and allow us to collect information about you, please be aware that BISSELL may transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to other countries, including the United States, and process and store it there. By allowing collection of your Personally Identifiable Information, you consent to having your personal data transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States.
 
10. What about changes to this Privacy Policy
 
11. Do you have any questions or want to contact BISSELL?
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, you can email us at BISSELL.com/support/contact-us.
You can also reach us at:
Office of Data Privacy
