Introduction
Inven Global English, LLC.("Invenglobal") and any and all of its affiliates ("Company" or "We") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this privacy policy (this "policy").
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website Invenglobal (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy is subject to and in addition to our Terms of Service.
This policy applies to all information we collect:
 
On this Website.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this Website.
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
In other ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.
It does not apply to information collected by:
 
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website
 
Children Under the Age of 13
 
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
 
 
The information you must provide when you sign up for an account:
Username, Country, Email Address
This information can be checked on your Account Page after logging in, and you can update or fix your information yourself. 
Invenglobal verifies your email address for identification.
Your personal contact information will not be passed to any other organization. It will only be used for you to log in to our Website.
This information will be safely stored in a secure system within the U.S.
If you request that we shut down your account or delete your information, we will disable your account within a reasonable period of time and delete your information accordingly.
Automatically as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include without limitation usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies.
Information You Provide to Us
 
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use certain features of our Website or posting material. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website.
Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
Your responses to polls, surveys or questions that we might ask you to complete.
Your search queries on the Website.
 
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies.
 
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system and browser type.
 
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
Recognize you when you return to our Website.
We use cookies and similar technology (e.g. web beacons, pixels, and ad tags) to show you relevant advertising on our site. We also use cookies to learn how users visit our site. Our partners may also use cookies to determine whether we’ve shown an ad and how it performed. You can opt out of the cookies from the link below.
 
Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.
Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices about How We Use and Disclose Your Information below.
Any industry standard data and website information collection methodologies then in existence
How do we save your cookies:
 
 
How We Use Your Information
 
To present our Website and its contents to you.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website.
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
For any purposes permitted under this policy or the Terms of Service.
For any other purpose with your consent.
 
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
 
To contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep the information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of the Company's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by the Company about our Website users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
With your consent.
 
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
 
Accessing and Correcting Your Information
You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page.
 
Your California Privacy Rights
 
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
 
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Further Information and Contact Details
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer to ensure that we continuously process your personal data in an open, accurate, and legal manner. You can contact our Data Protection Officer at desk@invenglobal.com and write a DPO.
Newsletter subscribe
InvenGlobal Newsletter
E-mail address
Subscribe to our newsletter to get the latest Esports news right to your inbox.
BANNER
BANNER
