Trending
Last Updated: November 15, 2014
Thank you for visiting the America’s Funniest Home Videos website, AFV.com. AFV.com provides a unique way to keep in touch with America’s Funniest Home Videos (“AFV”). Check tune-in times, upload your video for a chance to win cash prizes, watch viral videos, read blog posts, share content and join the conversation with the AFV community.
America’s Funniest Home Videos (“AFV,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) respects each individual’s right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our upload wizard and from users signing up to receive the AFV.com newsletter and in any other way disclosed in this Privacy Policy (“Policy”). AFV has no responsibility for content on websites other than AFV.com (“Website”) you may come across while navigating AFV.com. Similarly, AFV has no responsibility for content accessed on or through the AFV.com website that is created or posted by anyone other than authorized AFV employees, agents and/or representatives. This statement applies solely to information collected on or through the Website from all users (“Users”) and others who access this Website.
 
If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or our collection and use of information, please contact us at help@AFV.com.
By using the Website, you are agreeing to the statements and policies set forth herein.
Information Collection and Usage
AFV.com collects information, such as your name, phone number, email address, mailing address, age group, and gender, through our upload wizard and through the forms Users fill out when signing up to receive the AFV.com newsletter, which is used only to promote the AFV television show.
Users’ Rights
Users are not required to register or create an account in order to use the Website, and all Users have access to all areas of the Website intended for use by Users. Users may use the Website to upload and submit videos to AFV using the Website. These videos will not be available for content on the Website until the content is approved and published by AFV at its sole discretion.
Technical Information We May Collect
We may collect the cookies and other device identifier information (such as the device type, operating system type, etc.), the time spent viewing the Website, the content you view, content shares, favorite items, etc. We may collect this information through clickstream tracking and automatic logging files and we use this information about you and your device to ensure that the Website is optimized for access by any and all devices used to access the Website.
Sharing and Disclosure of Your Information
 
Disclosure and use of your information
 
Disclosure of Information in the event of Business Transfer
In the event that AFV is involved in a merger, bankruptcy, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The covenants in this Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the entity that results from that transaction.
Disclosure of Non-Personal or Non-Private Information
AFV may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or non-personal information. No individual or personally identifiable information will be shared.
Disclosure of Information with your Consent
AFV may share or disclose your information with your express consent, such as when you use a third party web application to access your AFV account.
Shared Information
 
Disclosure to Third-Party Service Providers
 
External Links
We may offer links to third-party or AFV-affiliated websites. Should Users thereafter click links to other third-party websites, we encourage them to read the privacy policies and terms of use of those respective third-party websites as their standards may differ from ours. AFV is not responsible for any content accessed through external links.
Sharing Content with Friends
 
Device Identifiers
 
Newsletters, Email Communications, and Partner Offers
When uploading content through the Website, Users may be provided an opportunity to sign up to receive the AFV Newsletter, email communications from AFV and to receive offers from our partners. When you sign up for our newsletter, we require your first name, last name, email address, sex, and date of birth. Opted-in users may receive announcements from us about our company and services and newsletters. Out of respect for the privacy of our Users we present the option to not receive these types of communications through clear unsubscribe links in all communications. At any time, you can unsubscribe from our communications or email us at unsubscribe@AFV.com.
Occasionally, we may send you special offers or opportunities from our partners. You will only receive these communications if you are opted-in to receive them and you can unsubscribe at any time.
Certain account-related announcements and administrative messages are necessary as an AFV subscriber and you will not be able to opt-out of these required messages
Advertising
We may use information you provide, text, photos, videos, and metadata to make our Website advertising, if any, more contextually relevant. Advertising dollars help AFV make money and if the ads are more contextually relevant, they will be more interesting to our Users. However, once you leave the AFV website and are interacting with an advertiser, we are not responsible for your dealings with them. Use your own discretion.
Kids Policy
AFV does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 13 to divulge personal information. You must be at least 13 years of age to access the Website, and at least 18 years of age to upload content and participate in any contests on the site where prizes are awarded. Any inappropriate content should be immediately reported to help@AFV.com.
Your Consent and Changes to This Policy
By accessing the AFV Website, you consent to the collection and use of information by AFV as outlined in this Policy. The most current version of the Privacy Policy will always be available through accessing the Website and at http://afv.com/about/privacy-statement . The most current version of the Policy will govern our use of your information. If we make a change to this Policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will make good faith efforts to notify you of such changes. By continuing to access or use the Website after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
If you have questions about this Policy, contact us at help@AFV.com.
September 7th, 2018
AFV Fan Newsletter
Want to keep the funny coming? Sign up for the AFV newsletter.
Sign Up
Want to see more videos?
