× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Bestbuy.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Bestbuy.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.bestbuy.com/site/Help-Topics/Privacy... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously, and we want you to know how we collect, use, share and protect your information.
This Privacy Policy tells you:
What information we collect
How we may share that information
How we protect your information
Your choices regarding your personal information
This Policy applies to BestBuy.com, Best Buy stores and other locations under the Best Buy name. This Policy may not apply to other Best Buy brands such as Future Shop (FutureShop.ca), Best Buy Canada (BestBuyCanada.ca), Magnolia Audio Video (Magnoliaav.com), Geek Squad (GeekSquad.com), Pacific Sales (PacificSales.com), Audio Visions (Avisions.com), Best Buy China (BestBuy.com.cn), Jiangsu Five Star Appliance Co. (Five-Star.cn) among others, each of which may have their own privacy policies. We may post additional information if more details are needed to explain our privacy practices.
Information We Collect
Information You Give Us
We receive and may store any information you enter on our websites or give to us in our stores. For example, we collect information from you when you place an order, create an account, call us with a question, create a Wish List, write a review, or use any of our services.
The information we collect from you includes things like:
Your name
Your driver's license number
Demographic and lifestyle information, such as age, personal interests and product preferences
It may also include information you give us about other people, such as the name and address of a gift recipient, or the name and contact info of a Friends & Family Pickup person.
Information from Other Sources
We may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties that help us update, expand and analyze our records and identify new customers.
Automated Information Collection
We collect information related to your interactions with our websites and apps to create a superior, personalized shopping experience, whether you are online or in our stores. This information includes your IP address, browsing behavior while on our site, browser and device characteristics, and referring URLs. This information is collected and stored using a variety of common technologies, including various types of cookies, web beacons, and tags. These technologies may also allow us to identify you as a particular Best Buy retail store customer when you visit our websites, and to link your activities on our websites to your interactions with us in our stores.
To help us understand and enhance our interactions with you, we may permit web analytics and other providers to collect and process information on our websites using the technologies described above. We also may share personal information with those providers. We may have similar arrangements with interest-based advertisers. Interest-based advertising is covered in more detail below.
Location Information
Some of our websites and mobile applications may collect certain information such as the type of mobile device you're using or your specific location to help you search for one of our stores. To allow any application to identify your location, you must enable this functionality through your mobile device's settings to allow the use of technologies such as Wi-Fi, GPS signals, cell tower position, or other technologies. Best Buy has no control over your device's settings.
Public Forums
Our websites offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
How We Use the Information We Collect
We use the information we collect for things like:
Fulfilling orders and requests for products, services or information
Processing returns, exchanges and layaway requests
Tracking and confirming online orders
Delivering or installing products
Conducting research and analysis
Communicating things like special events, sweepstakes, promotions and surveys
Processing Best Buy credit card or My Best Buy™ MasterCard applications
Identifying you on our websites and tailoring advertisements and offers to you (both on our websites and on other websites) based on your interactions with us in our stores and online
Facilitating interactions with Best Buy and others, such as enabling you to e-mail a link to a friend
Operating, evaluating and improving our business
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
How We Share the Information We Collect
Best Buy does not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties.
Best Buy Co., Inc. is the parent company of the Best Buy Companies ("Best Buy"), and as such, if you provide information to any of the businesses, stores or websites owned or operated by Best Buy, this information may be combined or shared among current or future Best Buy Co., Inc. entities, including affiliates and subsidiaries.
We may share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf such as:
Fulfilling orders
Delivering packages
Sending Best Buy marketing communications
Fulfilling subscription services
Providing chat functions
Sometimes we may be required to share personal information in response to a regulation, court order or subpoena. We may also share information when we believe it's necessary to comply with the law. We may also share information to respond to a government request or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of Best Buy, our customers, or others; to prevent harm or loss; or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual unlawful activity.
We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event.
We may share personal information in connection with financial products or services related to our business such as private label credit cards. We may also share personal information in connection with co-branded product or service offerings. For example, when you apply for a Best Buy credit card, we may share your personal information with our banking partners that issue the card.
How We Protect the Information We Collect
Whether you are shopping online or in our stores, we use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of personal information under our control and appropriately limit access to it. Best Buy cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.
We use a variety of information security measures to protect your online transactions with us. The Best Buy websites use encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL protects information you submit via our websites such as ordering information, including your name, address and credit card number. Information you provide to us via our in-store kiosk does not traverse the public Internet.
Your Choices Regarding the Information We Collect
You may choose to:
Stop receiving marketing or promotional e-mails, direct mail, phone and mobile marketing communications
Update and correct your personal information
Cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services
Request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum
To do any of these, let us know by one of these methods:
Follow the directions in a marketing e-mail or direct mail or mobile communication that you receive from us
Call 1-888-BEST BUY (1-888-237-8289) with your request and current contact information
Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to: [email protected]
Send a letter with your request and current contact information to:
Best Buy Corporate Campus
Interest-Based Advertising
 
To learn more about interest-based advertising (also called behavioral advertising), visit www.aboutads.info .
To opt-out of interest-based advertising, use Evidon's Global Opt-Out tool at www.evidon.com. . There is also a Profile Manager tool which allows you to manage your interest-based preferences used by ad networks, data aggregators and others.
Protecting Children's Privacy
We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.
Links to Other Websites
Our websites link to other websites, many of which have their own privacy policies. Be sure to review the privacy policy on the site you're visiting.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button [and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site]. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Privacy Policy Updates
We may need to update our Privacy Policy as Best Buy and our customers grow and evolve. If we make material changes, including any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective, as well as inform you of any choices you may have with respect to these changes.
U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework
Best Buy Co., Inc. complies with the U.S.- E.U. Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries. Best Buy Co., Inc. has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Best Buy Co., Inc.'s certification, please visit: http://export.gov/safeharbor.
If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact us (as provided below). If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet here, fax to 415-520-3420, or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept., click for mailing address. If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, click here or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above.
Best Buy Co., Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe's program requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this website, www.BestBuy.com and does not cover information that may be collected behind the log in on our website.
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [email protected] If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe here.
Have Questions?
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or practices, we'll do our best to answer them. Here's how to contact us:
Phone:
This is version 4 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
