Privacy Policy
Family Survival respects the privacy of all its users and is committed to protecting such privacy in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy explains Family Survival's treatment of your personally identifiable information collected in connection with your activities on web site's owned and operated by Family Survival.
(1) Collection Of Your Personal Information: Family Survival will not collect or use any information about the visitors to the Web Site and your visit to the Web Site is anonymous. The only exception is when we will need information that personally identifies in order to fulfill a contractual obligation towards you pursuant to what is set forth in section 2 below.
(2) Contractual Obligation: If you make a purchase from the Web Site, you will be asked to provide your name, email, address, payment information and in some instances phone number. We may use information collected in the following ways:
To process, validate and verify purchases.
To contact you to reconfirm or verify accuracy of information provided.
To register you as a customer.
To ship any products you may purchase to you.
To open and maintain a support account for you.
To send email notifications about new, existing, enhanced products or services.
To send information on special offers, or to obtain your feedback to help enhance existing features or provide added products and services.
To enable us to personalize content, advertising and promotions based on preferences, needs, suggestions, or recommendations.
To provide advance notice of termination of a trial period or an opportunity to extend a trial period.
To provide confirmation of billing as it may take place.
General Data Privacy Regulation (GDPR) The GDPR takes effect on May 25, 2018, and is intended to protect the data of European Union citizens.  As a company that markets its site. Content, products and/or services on line we do not specifically target our marketing to the EU or conduct business in or to the EU in any meaningful way. If the data that you provide to us in the course of your use of our site or services or products is governed by GDPR, we will abide by the relevant portions of the regulation.If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), or are accessing this site from within the EEA, you may have the right to request: access to, correction of, deletion of; portability of; and restriction or objection to processing, of your personal data, from us. This includes the “right to be forgotten.”
We may disclose and use personally identifiable information in special circumstances where it is necessary to enforce our service agreements or terms of use (for example protect our intellectual property rights). We may also disclose or use your personal information when we, in good faith, believe that the applicable law may require us to do so. The information you provide will not be be sold, or otherwise forwarded to any third party not within the umbrella of Family Survival and its related companies with the exception of our fulfillment center, who will process your orders and distribute the goods or services that you have requested.
(3) The Use of Cookies: Our websites does use "cookies" for the sole purpose of tracking affiliate referrals and conversion. We do not save any personnaly identifiable information in cookies sent to your browser. Cookies are identifiers that a web site can send to your browser to keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to the site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many web sites use them. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. All parts of our website will function correctly if you disable cookies.
(4) Links To Other Sites: The Web Site may contain links to other web sites. Family Survival does not monitor or control the content of such web sites or whether such web sites collect or process your personal data. Accordingly, Family Survival assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for any kind of material available at such sites and recommends that you review the separate terms and privacy policies of such sites.
(5) Changes To This Policy: Family Survival may occasionally update this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be posted to this site, so we encourage you to continuously review our Privacy Policy.
(6) Contact Information: For questions regarding this Privacy Policy please Contact Us
Talk to Us Now !
453 E Wonderview Avenue, Estes Park CO 80517
Talk to Us Now !
© 2018 - FamilySurvival.com
