At ChryslerCapital.com, we take online privacy seriously. We are committed to protect personal information of our website and social media visitors. Our goal is to maintain your trust when handling your personal financial information. The ChryslerCapital.com Privacy Options applies to your interaction with ChryslerCapital.com or any of its subsidiaries (collectively, “ChryslerCapital.com, “we,” “us,” “our”), at any online or mobile site or application that we own or control (“Site”). According to the U.S. Online & Mobile Privacy Practices Statement, ChryslerCapital.com’s online and mobile privacy practices are applicable to ChryslerCapital.com websites, ChryslerCapital.com mobile sites, and ChryslerCapital.com branded social media sites or pages, as well as interactions you may have while viewing content provided by ChryslerCapital.com’s digital advertising campaigns.
General Principles
ChryslerCapital.com’s services are intended for U.S. customers.
Our services are not intended for people under 18. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect information from people under 18 without parental consent.
We share information we collect from or about you in accordance with our Consumer Privacy Notice, if you have a financial product or service with us.
Agreements to Privacy Options
By using a Site or engaging with a ChryslerCapital.com advertisement or page or account on a third party site, you consent to these Privacy Options, which includes your consent to our use and disclosure of information about you in the manner described in the Privacy Options.
Personal Information collected online by ChryslerCapital.com
When you visit our Sites, we collect personal information about you, from the information you provide us. The information will vary depend on the ChryslerCapital.com Site you visit, and may include, but is not limited to:
Name
Residential information
Employment information
Income information
In addition to the information described above, we may collect behavioral information, when you use our online services. When you connect to our online Sites, we may capture the IP address and device information, the type of operating system and browser you use, site you came from, your activity with our online services, and the site you visit next. We or our third-party partners may use cookies, web beacons or other technologies to collect and store information about your visit and use of our online services. When you visit our website or use our online services, we may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide us through forms on our website, or in our mobile applications. ChryslerCapital.com may also use cookies and other online tracking options like pixel tags and clear GIFs. Cookies are text files that are placed on your computer by the website’s server. Cookies enable websites to track browsing activity conducted on your computer. Clear GIFs, pixel tags or web beacons are typically one pixel, transparent images on a webpage or email or other message, used to help recognize users, determine traffic patterns, and measure Site engagement.
Our Social Media Pages
ChryslerCapital.com has official pages on social media websites such as Facebook®, Google+, Twitter®, Pinterest, LinkedIn, Instagram, and YouTube. When you interact with us on social media websites, we may collect behavioral information such as your likes, interests, feedback and preferences.
How information is used
To enable you to perform online transactions
To update you about your account
To service and manage your account
To offer special services and products using advertisements in the form of banner ads, splash ads or location based promotions Verification purposes that will allow access to your accounts and prevent/detect fraud
For business purposes such as data analysis and optimizing Sites to improve your online experience
In order to comply with federal, state or local laws
To share with entities that are within the ChryslerCapital.com family, and with trusted parties who are contractually obligated to keep such information confidential and only provide services that we have requested them to provide
Disclosure of Information
We may share information about you with our affiliates and other third parties:
Third-party service providers
When laws and regulations permit, with affiliated websites and businesses
Other companies bringing you co-branded services
Other third parties, to comply with legal requirements
Online Advertising
Depending on the information, we or our affiliates, service providers and other companies that we work with have about you, you will see advertisements when you are using our online services (including pre-screened offers of credit). Online behavioral advertising (OBA or “interested-based advertising”) is practiced by collecting information about how visitors interact with our Sites over time, in order to deliver advertisements that may interest visitors based on their browsing history.
Changes to Privacy Options
ChryslerCapital.com reserves the right to make changes to this document from time to time. Changes made to this document will become effective when they are posted, unless indicated otherwise.
Legal
855-563-5635
©2018 Chrysler Capital. Chrysler Capital is a registered trademark of FCA US LLC and licensed to Santander Consumer USA Inc.
Lease agreements are owned by CCAP Auto Lease Ltd. and serviced by Chrysler Capital.
Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Ram, Mopar and SRT are registered trademarks of FCA US LLC.
ALFA ROMEO and FIAT are registered trademarks of FCA Group Marketing S.p.A., used with permission.
