We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By continuing to browse this website you are agreeing to our use of Cookie OK
ENGLISH
中文
What Personal Information We Collect
We collect personal information that you choose to provide voluntarily when using our web sites and mobile applications. This information includes your IHG® Rewards Club account. You can use our site without creating an account, but you will need to create an account if you want to take advantage of certain features, such as "Favorite Destinations," "Room/Rate Preferences" and other time saving features. We may also ask for personal information when you contact our  Customer Service  department. This will allow us to protect your confidentiality by verifying your identity.
Following a stay in one of our hotels, your hotel stay information is collected and stored by our hotels locally, and subsequently transferred to a centralized database. This facilitates aggregated trend analysis used for hotel management purposes such as planning new hotel locations, evaluating hotel amenities, guest preferences, and advertisement planning. In addition, your business with us is valued and we may use the record of your stay to send you via postal mail or email, communications such as guest surveys or promotional offers and benefits. You may "opt-out" or choose to be excluded from these communications by noting this on your guest registration during your hotel stay or by contacting Customer Service. For Customers who do not reside in the United States, and who have not chosen to enroll in the IHG® Rewards Club program, we may contact you regarding your satisfaction with your hotel stay but will not send you any sales promotional communications or special offers unless you have consented to receive such communications.
Our web sites do not intentionally solicit or collect personal information about children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 and would like to use our web site, please ask a parent or guardian for assistance.
Some of our promotional offers have a "Tell A Friend" feature that allows you to have the offer sent to a friend with your comment. If you choose to use this feature, we collect the email address of your friend(s) to facilitate the referral but do not store it for other uses.
How We Protect Your Privacy
The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. We do not share your personal information in ways not disclosed in our privacy statement or without your informed permission. We value your trust very highly, and we strive to protect the confidentiality and appropriate use of any personal information you provide to us. Details are described in our  Updated Privacy Policy .
InterContinental Hotels Group is a Participant in the TRUSTe Privacy Seal Program. TRUSTe is an independent organization whose mission is to advance privacy and trust in the networked world. As this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices monitored for compliance by TRUSTe. To view a complete list of these validated InterContinental Hotel Group sites please click on the TRUSTe seal.
Your privacy is of our utmost concern. Should you wish to unsubsribe from our newsletters and promotional emails, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link included in each email. 
If there are questions or concerns regarding this statement, we ask that you first contact:
 InterContinental Hotels Group
Attn: Privacy Office
Three Ravinia Drive
Atlanta, Georgia 30346
Fax: 1-770-604-5275
Email:  privacyoffice@ihg.com
 If satisfactory response or resolution is not received within a reasonable timeframe, TRUSTe is available as a contact. Please see additional information at  TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process  
. TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve user concerns.
 InterContinental Hotels Group ("IHG") complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland.  IHG has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement and commits to adherence to the 15 FAQs that make up the Safe Harbor Frameworks.  To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view InterContinental Hotels Group's certification, please visit  http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/  
 and search "Six Continents Hotels, Inc." As part of our participation in the safe harbor, we have agreed to TRUSTe dispute resolution for disputes relating to our compliance with the Safe Harbor Privacy Framework. If you have any complaints regarding our compliance with the Safe Harbor you should first contact us (as provided above). If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by Internet at  http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php  
, fax at 415-520-3420, or mail at Watchdog Complaints, TRUSTe, 55 2nd Street, 2nd Floor, San Francisco, CA, USA 94105. If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, see  http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php  
 or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above. The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English. For human resources data we have agreed to cooperate with Data Protection Authorities. Any questions, comments or complaints about the data practices (including without limitation compliance with data privacy principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, access, security, data integrity, or enforcement) of a hosted online OnBoarding software customer or partner for whom IHG processes data should be addressed to that customer or partner.
More on Privacy and Security
T. +65 6733 0188
© 2018 Holiday Inn Singapore Atrium. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy
Book now
oF / oC
Check In
Check Out
