Privacy Policy
This site is not intended for use of users under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18 please don’t access or use this site. If you do, we must warn you that we are not liable for any damages of any kind, shape or form that might incur upon you by doing so. This website uses cookies. By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to our “Petangos” use of cookies in accordance with the terms of “Petangos” ‘s privacy policy and cookies policy.
Personal information
This site collects personal data and information about you and your personal profile, pages visited, products purchased. The term “Personal information” refers to any information either text, photos, videos, locations and any other information or data submitted by you or collected by using this site. ” Petangos “ makes all the efforts to keep your personal data safe and protect your privacy.
User Responsibility
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity. You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software. You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without “Petangos“‘s express written consent. You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications. You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without “Petangos“‘s express written consent.
Restricted access
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. “Petangos” reserves the right to restrict access to other areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at “Petangos” discretion. If “Petangos” provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. “Petangos” may disable your user ID and password in “Petangos” sole discretion without notice or explanation.
Responsibility to your own content
We advise you to take precaution with any data you post to the site, for you are solely responsible to all of your content and ” Petangos ” will not hold any responsibility for damages cause to you or to others, by information, photos, videos, posts or text (“your content”), posted by you on the site. You must know that while interacting with others on the site they may feel offended by your content. By using the site you agree to assume all risks associated with your content, or any disclosure by you of information in your content that makes you personally identifiable. ” Petangos ” will not be responsible or liable by any means in case any user decides to take legal action against you.
Responsibilities concerning others content
” Petangos “ can not by any means monitor and/or screen users of the site or content. The responsibility for your use of the site and its Services is solely yours. ” Petangos “ serves as a platform to help you receive and share information with other pet lovers. Content posted does not represent by any means the opinions, advice, views, or beliefs of ” Petangos “, and ” Petangos ” makes no claim or takes any responsibility of accuracy of any material posted by users. ” Petangos “, allows for the posting of user comments, content, photos and ratings. ” Petangos “, takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted, stored or uploaded to the site by you or by any third party, or for any loss or damage of data stored on the site. We advise you not to rely solely on the information stored on the site and to keep a copy or backup of important information. ” Petangos “, is not liable for any mistakes, falsehoods, obscenity, pornography or profanity you may encounter. All content that is uploaded or written by users in ” Petangos “ is user content therefore we are not liable for any statements, representations or content provided by ” Petangos “ users in any public forum, personal profile page or other interactive area nor are we liable for any damages caused by any of the above. Although ” Petangos “, has no obligation to screen, edit or monitor any of the content posted to or distributed, we reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove, screen or edit without notice, any content posted or stored within the Site at any time and for any reason. In any case that you feel offended by content you were exposed to on the site, you agree that it is your sole responsibility to take action and stop using the site.
Repeat Infringers
Be warned! “Petangos”is operating in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and other applicable law in various countries. Therefore, under our sole discretion we keep the right to terminate given some circumstances, users or personal profiles or content that is deemed to be repeat infringement of copyright law. We may also use our best judgment to limit access to the site and/or may terminate the accounts of any users who infringe any intellectual property rights of others, whether or not there is any repeat infringement.
Intellectual Property
All contents of the site are protected by copyright law to ©2015 Petangos. All rights reserved. Any content posted or uploaded to the site by either “Petangos” or by any user may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of “Petangos”. All graphics, texts, photos, color combinations and “look and feel” of the site, including all screen headers and designs, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the sole property and owned by “Petangos” and may not be used for any commercial or non commercial use without prior written permission of “Petangos“.
Search for:
Recent Comments
