FACTS
WHAT DOES THE GOLDEN 1 CREDIT UNION DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and purchase history
Account balances and credit card or other debt
Transaction history and checking account information
How?
All financial companies need to share members' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their members' personal information; the reasons The Golden 1 Credit Union chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does The Golden 1 Credit Union share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your
account(s), respond to court orders and legal
investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
No
Yes
No
No
information about your creditworthiness
No
What We Do
Credit Union protect my
personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does The Golden 1
Credit Union collect my
Open an account or tell us who receives the money
Apply for a loan or tell us where to send the money
Make a wire transfer
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
See below for more on your rights under state law.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
The Golden 1 Credit Union has no affiliates.
Nonaffiliates Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
The Golden 1 Credit Union does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.
Our joint marketing partners include providers of financial products and services.
Other Important Information
For Alaska, Illinois, Maryland and North Dakota Members: We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For California Members: We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization. We will also limit our sharing of personal information about you with our affiliates to comply with all California privacy laws that apply to us.
For Massachusetts, Mississippi and New Jersey Members: We will not share personal information from deposit or share relationships with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization.
For Vermont Members: We will not share personal information with nonaffiliates either for them to market to you or for joint marketing - without your authorization, and we will not share personal information with affiliates about your creditworthiness without your authorization.
California law gives you the right to opt out of certain sharing. Please see the enclosed notice entitled, "Important Privacy Choices For Consumers."
A-76 (07/13)
