It looks like your browser is out of date.
To use all features of KLM.com safely, we recommend that you update your browser, or that you choose a different one. Continuing with this version may result in parts of the website not being displayed properly, if at all. Also, the security of your personal information is better safeguarded with an updated browser.
Close
Customer support
KLM Privacy Policy
In this privacy policy we explain how we collect and use your personal information. This privacy policy applies to all personal information we process about you when you travel with us, purchase or use our services, visit our websites, use our mobile applications or otherwise interact with us.   We have divided this privacy policy into different sections. Please click on the relevant section below for further information.
1. Who we are
We are the Koninklijke Luchtvaart Maatschappij NV (also known as KLM Royal Dutch Airlines or KLM), a Dutch airline with offices at Amsterdamseweg 55, 1182 GP in Amstelveen, The Netherlands.
KLM is part of the Air France-KLM Group. For more information, please see our website under “About KLM”.
KLM is responsible for the collection and use of your personal data described in this privacy policy.Our loyalty programmes Flying Blue and BlueBiz are offered together with Air France.
 
2. The types of personal data we process
2.1 General. We may collect and process the following categories of personal information:
a. Name, passport number and other identifying information
For example, we may record your name, title, gender and date of birth, your nationality, country of residence and passport number.
b. Your contact details and personal account or registration details
Your contact details may include your address, telephone number and e-mail address. When you create a personal account, or register for a service, we may also record your sign in details and other information you fill out on your personal account or registration form. For business travellers, we also collect information relating to your company such as company name and business location.
c. Information about your reservations, bookings and purchases
When you make a reservation, or book a flight with us, we process your reservation and booking information. This information may include details about your flight, prices and the date of your reservation or booking. In addition, we process information in relation to ancillary services (such as upgrades and extra luggage) and products you purchase (for example via the KLM webshop).
d. Information about your travel arrangements
When you travel with us, we process information in relation to your journey. Such as your travel itinerary, (online) check-in, your (mobile) boarding pass and your travel companions. We may also record any specified medical needs or dietary requests you have and any additional assistance you require.
e. Your membership of our loyalty programmes, like Flying Blue and BlueBiz
When you become a member of our loyalty programmes, we process your membership number, Miles or credits balance, awards and benefits, type and level of membership and other information in relation to your membership.
f. Our communication with you
When you send us an e-mail or chat with us online or via social media, we register your communication with us. We also register your communication preferences. For example when you unsubscribe from one of our newsletters or when you choose to receive your booking related communication (such as confirmation, check-in notification, boarding pass, and flight status updates) via other channels than e-mail (such as WhatsApp, Messenger or WeChat). When you call us, our customer support will register your questions or complaints in our database. We may also record telephone calls for training purposes or to prevent or combat fraud.
g. Information we collect when you use our websites, apps and other digital media
• When you visit our websites, or use one of our mobile apps, we may register your IP address, browser type, operating system, referring website, web-browsing behavior and app use. We also collect information via cookies and similar technologies when you visit our websites or use our mobile apps. For more information please read our cookie policy on the website or the mobile app you use. • We may receive an automatic notification when you open our e-mails or click on a link in such e-mails.
• With your permission, we may also receive your location data.
• You can also agree to provide us with access to certain data stored on your mobile phone (such as photos and contacts).
h. Information in relation to social media
Depending on your social network settings we may receive information from your social network provider. For example, when you sign in for our services using a social network account, we may receive your social network profile including your contact details, interests and contacts. For more information on the personal data that we receive from your social network provider and how to change your settings, please check the website and privacy policy of your social network provider.
i. Information you choose to share with us
You may choose to share information with us, for example when you share your interests and preferences with us, leave a comment for us on Facebook, fill out a customer survey or submit an entry for a contest.
2.2 Special categories of data. Certain categories of personal information we collect and use, such as data revealing racial or ethnic origin or data concerning health, can be considered “special categories of personal data” under applicable data protection law.
We may be required to collect, use and share your special categories of data with third parties for the purposes as described in this privacy policy (please see below). For example, to provide you with assistance or facilities during your travel, which are appropriate to your medical needs. This privacy policy does not apply to services provided by KLM Health Services. For more information on how KLM Health Services processes your personal data, please read the privacy policy on its website.
2.3 Cookies and similar technologies. When you use our website or mobile apps we collect information via cookies and similar technologies. For more information please read our cookie policy on the website or mobile app you use.
 
3. How we collect your data
3.1 We collect the aforementioned categories of personal data in the following ways:
a. We collect data you provide to us
When you book a flight with us, create an online account, register for one of our loyalty programmes, contact our customer support, subscribe to receive our e-mails or mobile push notifications, register for one of our events or participate in a promotional contest.
b. We receive your personal data from your travel agent, our airline partners and other companies involved in facilitating your travel arrangements
We receive your data from these parties to handle your reservations and bookings and to fulfil your travel arrangements and purchases. For example, when you book a flight through a travel agent, we receive your identifying information and booking details from your travel agent. And if you use a third party platform to search and book a flight, we may receive those details from that provider.
c. We receive personal data from other airlines in your country that participate in our loyalty programs and our loyalty partners (such as hotels and car rental companies)
For example, when you purchase a service from a participating airline in your country or one of our loyalty partners, they share your earned Miles with us. You can find an overview of the participating airlines in your country and our Flying Blue loyalty partners on our Flying Blue and BlueBiz websites.
d. When you use our website or mobile apps, we collect information via cookies and similar technologies
For more information please read our cookie policy on our websites or the mobile app you use.
e. Depending on your social network settings, we may receive information from your social network provider
Please see “The types of personal data we process” above.
f. Some information we receive from public authorities or governmental organizations.
For example, the names of passengers who have disembarked at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and who have been found by the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee to be carrying illegal drugs will be recorded by the State of the Netherlands. KLM receives the names of these persons from the State of the Netherlands. Please see “For which purposes we use your data” below for more information.
 
4. For which purposes we use your data
4.1 The main purposes for which we use your personal information are:
a. To provide our services to you
To handle your reservations and bookings and to fulfill your travel arrangements and purchases, we need to process most of the information described above. For example, we need your name, passport number and other identifying information to issue your ticket. To confirm your booking and to inform you about changes in your flight status, we need your contact details. And, to ensure that you receive the required care, we require your specified medical needs.
b. To facilitate our loyalty programs
To let you or your company benefit from the discounts and rewards under our loyalty programs, we use your membership information, your booking information and your purchases.
c. To provide our online services and mobile apps to you
• For example, we use your name and flight details when you check-in for your flight with our app.
• Some of our online services and apps use your location, for example to show you the nearest location of your interest.
• To ease your use of our online services or apps, we may analyse the data we collect when you use our digital media and combine it with information collected via cookies and similar technologies (please see above). For example, to understand which digital channel (e-mail, social media) or device (desktop, tablet or mobile) you prefer, so we can restrict our communication to that channel or device.
d. For statistical research
• General. We use automatic tools to perform statistical research into general trends regarding the use of our services, loyalty programs, websites, apps and social media and the behavior and preferences of our customers and users.
• Categories of data. To perform our research, we may use the categories of personal data described above, including your booking data (such as date of departure, date of arrival, origin, destination, cabin class, number and age of passengers), purchased ancillaries (seats, upgrades), your Flying Blue profile (XP, Miles, tier level) and personal details (gender, postal code). We combine this data with the data we collect with cookies and similar technologies when you visit our websites or use our apps. And we merge it with (aggregated) data collected by third party providers using analytical or marketing cookies or similar technologies. For more information on cookies and similar technologies, please check the cookie policy on our website. We only use aggregated data for our analysis and do not use your name or e-mail address. Without your consent, we will not use special categories of data for this statistical research.
• Examples. We use your booking data and the ancillaries you purchase (upgrades, extra luggage) to improve our services and provide more relevant offers. For example, if our research shows that long distance travellers are more inclined to purchase extra legroom, we may include this more prominently in our offers for such flights. We also use customer surveys to measure customer satisfaction and to understand what is important for our customers so we can improve our service. And we use cookies and similar technologies to evaluate how our website visitors navigate our website so we can make it more intuitive.
• Legal basis. We process your personal data for our legitimate interests to develop better services and offers for our customers, to improve our loyalty programs, to provide more responsive customer support and to improve the design and content of our websites and mobile apps.
• Right to object. You have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to processing of your personal data for statistical research (please see below “Your rights”).
e. To send you updates and special offers tailored to your interests
• Communication. When you book a flight with us, we send you personalised ads and special offers for airline related products and services in our booking related e-mails (unless you opt-out during the booking procedure). For example, before your flight we will send you an e-mail to help you prepare for your flight. In this e-mail we may include special offers for your stay or transport at your destination. You may also subscribe to receive e-mails or mobile push notifications from us with updates and special offers tailored to your interest. For example, you can subscribe to the KLM newsletter which keeps you informed on attractive fares, inspiring destinations, package deals and the latest news. With your consent, we may also send you e-mails on specific occasions, such as a special offer on your birthday or personalised offers for your next trip within a few months after you return.
We may also use other communication channels to send you personalised ads and special offers, such as postal mail or, with your consent, social channels (such as Messenger, WhatsApp or WeChat).
• Categories of data. We use your contact details to communicate with you. To understand what is relevant to you, we use automatic tools to analyse your personal data. For this purpose, we may use the categories of personal data described above, including your booking data (such as date of departure, date of arrival, origin, destination, number and age of people in the booking, flown classes), purchased ancillaries (seats, upgrades), your Flying Blue profile (XP, Miles, tier level), information about you (gender, zip code) and the interests and preferences you shared with us (such as bucket list, preferred way of travelling and travel company). We combine this data with data that we collect with cookies and similar technologies when you visit our websites or use our apps. And we merge it with (aggregated) data collected by third party providers using analytical or marketing cookies or similar technologies. For more information on cookies and similar technologies, please check the cookie policy on our website. Without your consent, we will not use special categories of data.
• Personalised offers. Included in our communication (as explained above) are personalised offers from both KLM and our partners, relating to our services and products. This may include offers related to our own ancillaries (such as upgrades and extra baggage) or offers from third parties, such as package deals, flight bundles, car rental services and hotels. We customise these offers to your personal interests. With your consent, we may send you an e-mail after you return from a trip with offers based on your booking history, to offer you inspiration for your next trip. We may also share non-personalised information (destination, travel date and duration of the trip) with our partners, so they can offer you relevant choices in accommodations, cars, tours and activities during your trip (please see “Disclosing or sharing data with third parties“ below). More information about our partners and the products and services they offer is provided during your booking procedure or when you subscribe to our communication, and can be found on the concerning website.
• Legal basis. We process your personal data as described in this paragraph for our legitimate interest and the interests of third parties to provide you with relevant updates and offers.
• Opt-in and opt-out, unsubscribe and right to object. We only send you e-mails and mobile push notifications with updates and special offers with your prior opt-in. You can opt-out from receiving booking related commercial e-mails during the booking procedure. You can unsubscribe from these booking related commercial e-mails and the e-mails and mobile push notifications with updates and special offers, any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the e-mail, by adjusting your communication preferences in your account (if available), by changing your smart phone settings (for mobile push notifications) or by contacting us (please see “Your Rights“ below). When you unsubscribe, you will still receive our booking related and loyalty program service e-mails (such as your booking confirmation, e-ticket and membership welcome e-mail). You may object to the use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes anytime (please see below “Your rights“).
f. For other direct marketing purposes
• General. This paragraph describes specific examples of our use of your data for other direct marketing purposes.
• Marketing cookies. Our websites use marketing cookies which are typically placed by advertising networks. These networks are companies which act as intermediaries between KLM and advertisers. These marketing cookies are amongst others used to show relevant, personalised advertisements or offers (based on your visit to and click behaviour on our websites) when you visit those networks or connected websites. For more information on these marketing cookies and how you can withdraw your consent for these cookies, please check the cookie policy on our website or the mobile app you use.
• Linked site behaviour. If you log on to our website using your KLM account or your Flying Blue account or if you visit our websites via a link in an e-mail, we will link your site behaviour to your booking data on our data management platform. We mainly use this data to exclude you from further advertising once you have booked a flight. For example, when you search for a flight on our main website, marketing cookies will be used to show you relevant advertisements (see previous paragraph). When you book a flight through one of our other websites (such as our corporate portal) or with one of our group companies, we will stop showing you further advertisements via marketing cookies based on your search behaviour on our main website.
• Abandoned cart. When you break of your booking procedure on our website, we will send you a personalised e-mail with a link to your booking procedure so you can continue where you left of. We will only send you such e-mail at your request or if you have agreed to receive updates and special offers from us by e-mail. You can withdraw your consent for such e-mails anytime by clicking the unsubscribe link in the e-mail, by adjusting your communication preferences in your account (if available) or by contacting us (please see “Your Rights” below).
• Custom audience targeting. You may opt in to receive personalised ads and offers on the social media networks you use. For example, we may participate in Facebook Custom Audience programme. This programme enables us to, amongst other things, display personalised ads and offers in your news feed on Facebook platforms, including Messenger and Instagram. It also allows us to exclude you from advertising campaigns on Facebook platforms, in case you have already received similar ads or offers via other communication forms such as e-mail. For Facebook to determine if you have a Facebook account, we share your pseudo-anonymised (hashed) e-mail address with Facebook. No other data is shared with Facebook. Conversely, Facebook only provides us with aggregated data about the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. Facebook does not inform us whether you have a Facebook account. This way, we try to make every effort to keep your personal data secure and confidential. To determine our audience for a specific Facebook campaign, we may use your booking data or the information we collect when you use our websites, apps or other digital platforms. In addition, Facebook may use the data it collects about you, to compile a similar audience. This allows us to reach a new audience through Facebook. Learn more   about how Facebook uses your data for its custom audience program and how you can control   how information about you is used by Facebook to personalise the ads you see. You can also check the Facebook privacy policy  . We may also participate in similar programs from other social media networks, such as Google, Twitter, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Snapchat, WeChat, Kakaotalk and LINE. Please check the privacy policy of the concerning social media networks for more information. If you no longer want us to include you in the social media custom audience programmes we participate in, please send an e-mail to KLMPrivacyOffice@klm.com to withdraw your consent. Please use the e-mail address of which you would like to withdraw your consent. You may also have provided consent for receiving personalised ads and offers on social media platforms by agreeing to our cookie policy. Please check the cookie policy on our website to see how you can withdraw your consent.
g. To communicate with you
We use your contact details to communicate with you in relation to our services or loyalty programmes, to answer your questions or to handle your complaints.
h. To secure order and safety aboard flights
• Safety, public order or discipline. KLM keeps a record of the names of passengers who have interfered with the safety, public order or discipline, either on board of its aircraft or on the ground, and in relation to whom KLM has decided that they will not be allowed passage aboard KLM aircraft for a limited or unlimited period of time, or only under certain conditions. These persons are personally informed (in writing where possible) about the fact that their name has been placed in these records and how long these special security measures will apply to them. For more information on how to view this data or amend it, please see “Your Rights” below.
• Illegal drugs. The names of passengers who have disembarked at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and who have been found by the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee to be carrying illegal drugs will be recorded by the State of the Netherlands. KLM receives the names of these persons from the State of the Netherlands. KLM may refuse to enter into any transport contract with these persons for a period of three years for direct flights from Schiphol to Suriname, Aruba, Bonaire St Martin or Curacao and for direct flights from these countries to Schiphol. You may request permission to examine this data or to make changes to its accuracy by submitting this request in writing to the Royal Netherlands Marechaussee at P.O. Box 90615, 2509 LP The Hague, The Netherlands. If you reside on Aruba, the Netherlands Antilles, in Suriname or in Venezuela, you should accompany this written request with a copy of your passport.
i. For record keeping and to comply with statutory obligations
We collect, store and use your data for internal business purposes, such as record keeping and to comply with our legal and fiscal obligations.
We may be required by law to collect and share your identifying information and your booking and travel information with public authorities or governmental organizations for the purpose of border control, immigration, entering the territory of a State, security or combatting terrorism.
4.2 Legal basis. We collect, use and store your personal data to provide services and our loyalty programme to you, to comply with the legal obligations we are subject to, if necessary for our legitimate interests or the interests of a third party or on the basis of your consent.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the specific instructions in relation to the processing for which you provided your consent. For example, by clicking the unsubscribe link in the e-mail, adjusting your communication preferences in your account (if available) or by changing your smart phone settings (for mobile push notifications and location data). You may also contact us to withdraw your consent (please see “Your Rights” below).
If you refuse to provide personal data that we require for the performance of the contract or compliance with a legal obligation, we may not be able to provide all or parts of the services you have requested from us. For example, we may have to cancel your flight or we may not be able to provide you with the ancillary services requested by you (such as special meals). If you provide incomplete or inaccurate information, we may be forced to deny you boarding or entry into a foreign territory under applicable Dutch or international laws.
 
5. Disclosing or sharing data with third parties
5.1 General. We may disclose or share your personal data with our group companies, airline partners, your travel agents, airlines that participate in our loyalty programme and loyalty programme partners, service providers or subcontractors for the following purposes.
a. To facilitate your bookings and travel arrangements
To handle your reservations and bookings and to fulfill your travel arrangements and purchases, we must share your personal data with our group companies, partner airlines, airport operators and other companies involved in facilitating your travel arrangements. For more information on our group companies and the airlines we work with, please see our website under “About KLM”. When you purchase our services through a travel agent or other third party, we also share your personal information data with these parties.
b. For support services
We use third parties to provide our services, such as IT suppliers, social network providers, marketing agencies, credit and charge card companies and anti-fraud screening service providers. All such third parties will be required to adequately safeguard your personal data and only process it in accordance with our instructions.
Within the AIR FRANCE KLM group, business activities are carried out (and business efficiencies are achieved) by processing or consolidating information (including personal data) in centralised databases and systems. These central databases and systems may be hosted or managed by one group company for other group companies. In addition, for efficiency purposes certain operational functions may be performed by one group company for other group companies. This means that our group companies may have access to your personal data for these purposes. Our group companies may only process your personal data as required for the relevant business function and in accordance with this privacy policy.
c. For our loyalty programmes and benefits
We offer our loyalty programmes Flying Blue en BlueBiz together with our group company Air France (see also above, “Who we are”). We also share your personal data with airlines in your country that participate in our loyalty programmes and our Flying Blue loyalty partners. For example, when you use Miles or credits to purchase products or services of these participating airlines or loyalty partners. You can find an overview of the participating airlines in your country and our Flying Blue loyalty partners on our Flying Blue and BlueBiz websites. The participating airlines and loyalty partners are responsible for processing your personal data. For more information on how they handle your personal data, please check their privacy policy.
d. Statistical research and direct marketing
We may share your personal data with group companies and third parties for statistical research and direct marketing. Please see above “Statistical research”, “To send you updates and special offers tailored to your interests” and “Other direct marketing purposes” for more information.
e. To let you benefit from the services of our partners
We may share your information with our partners to let you benefit from the services of these partners that we integrate or offer in our own services and apps. For example, we may share non-personalised information (destination, travel date and duration of the trip) with a hotel booking platform so it can provide you with an offer for a hotel tailored to your trip. Although we select our partners with care, these partners have their own privacy policies that apply to the way they use your personal data.
f. To secure order and safety aboard flights
5.2 Public authorities. We may also be required by law to collect and share your identifying information and your booking and travel information with public authorities or governmental organisations for the purpose of border control, immigration, entering the territory of a State, security or combatting terrorism.
 
6. Security and retention
6.1 KLM will take appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal data against loss or unlawful use.
 
7. International transfer of your data
7.1 KLM may transfer your personal data to countries other than your country of residence (including countries outside the European Economic Area). This occurs in the course of providing your travel arrangements or because our group companies, partners or service providers have operations in countries across the world. The laws of these countries may not afford the same level of protection to your personal data.
7.2 The transfer of personal data to countries other than your country of residence is often necessary to provide our services to you. In other cases, KLM will ensure that adequate safeguards are in place to comply with the requirements for the international transfer of personal data under applicable privacy laws. For transfers of personal data outside the European Economic Area, KLM may use Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses as safeguards.
7.3 We may also be required to disclose your personal data to foreign public or government authorities
 
8. Your rights
8.1 You may contact our Privacy Office (please see below) to exercise any of the rights you are granted under applicable data protection laws, which includes (1) the right to access your data, (2) to rectify them, (3) to erase them, (4) to restrict the processing of your data, (5) the right to data portability and (6) the right to object to processing.
1. Right to access
You may ask us whether or not we process any of your personal data and, if so, receive access to that data in the form of a copy. When complying with an access request, we will also provide you with additional information, such as the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data concerned as well as any other information necessary for you to exercise the essence of this right.
2. Right to rectification
You have the right to have your data rectified in case of inaccuracy or incompleteness. Upon request, we will correct inaccurate personal data about you and, taking into account the purposes of the processing, complete incomplete personal data, which may include the provision of a supplementary statement.
3. Right to erasure
You also have the right to have your personal data erased, which means the deletion of your data by us and, where possible, any other controller to whom your data has previously been made public by us. Erasure of your personal data only finds place in certain cases, prescribed by law and listed under article 17 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This includes situations where your personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the initial purposes for which they were processed as well as situations where they were processed unlawfully. Due to the way we maintain certain services, it may take some time before backup copies are erased.
4. Right to restriction of processing
You have the right to obtain the restriction of the processing of your personal data, which means that we suspend the processing of your data for a certain period of time. Circumstances which may give rise to this right include situations where the accuracy of your personal data was contested but some time is needed for us to verify their (in)accuracy. This right does not prevent us from continuing to store your personal data. We will inform you before the restriction is lifted.
5. Right to data portability
Your right to data portability entails that you may request us to provide you with your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and to have such data transmitted directly to another controller, where technically feasible. Upon request and where this is technically feasible we will transmit your personal data directly to the other controller.
6. Right to object.
You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, which means you may request us to no longer process your personal data. This only applies in case the “legitimate interests” ground (including profiling) constitutes the legal basis for processing (see “Legal basis” above).
At any time and free of charge you can object to direct marketing purposes in case your personal data are processed for such purposes, which includes profiling purposes to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. In case you exercise this right, we will no longer process your personal data for such purposes.
8.2 You may withdraw your consent at any time
You may withdraw your consent at any time by following the specific instructions in relation to the processing for which you provided your consent. For example, you may withdraw consent, by clicking the unsubscribe link in the e-mail, adjusting your communication preferences in your account (if available) or by changing your smart phone settings (for mobile push notifications and location data).
You may also contact the Privacy Office of KLM or Air France (in relation to Flying Blue or BlueBiz e-mails).
8.3 For more information on how you can withdraw your consent for cookies and similar technologies we use when you visit our websites or use our apps, please check the cookie policy on our website or in the app.There may be situations where we are entitled to deny or restrict your rights as described above. In any case, we will carefully assess whether such an exemption applies and inform you accordingly. + We may, for example, deny your request for access when necessary to protect the rights and freedoms of other individuals or refuse to delete your personal data in case the processing of such data is necessary for compliance with legal obligations. The right to data portability, for example, does not apply in case the personal data was not provided by you or if we process the data not on the basis of your consent or for the performance of a contract.
8.4 When you would like to exercise your rights, all you have to do is send your request to the Privacy Office of KLM:
KLM Royal Dutch Airlines
The Netherlands
E-mail: KLMPrivacyOffice@klm.com
If you would like to exercise your rights in relation to the processing of your personal data in relation to Flying Blue or BlueBiz, you may also contact the Privacy Office of Air France.
Air France
Délégué à la Protection des Données / Data Protection Officer - ST.AJ IL
45, rue de Paris 95747 Roissy CDG Cedex
France
 
9. How we look after this policy
 
