MYBOOKIE.AG PRIVACY POLICY
MyBookie provides visitors with an interactive and personalized online betting experience. The site may use Personally Identifiable Information (Name, e-mail, address, phone number) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. We don’t sell, barter, or rent the information collected to third parties.  How we collect and store information depends on the section of the site you’re visiting, the activities you take part and the services you select. For example, you may need to provide some personal info in order to access certain features or services, such as news bulletins, mailers or when you open a sports betting account. You may also need to provide information when you take part in contests or to access interactive areas of our site.  Similar to many other sites, MyBookie also accrues info through the use of tools such as cookies and tokens that recognize and hold information from every visit. The cookie may also store the visitor’s username and password, sparing members from having to re-enter their credentials each time they visit the site. It also keeps track of the number of visitors and their actions while visiting the web page.  In some cases, visitors and site members can choose not to provide us with information, for example by changing the browser settings to reject the use of cookies, but if you do, then you may be unable to access some services or may be asked to re-enter your account information.
What we do with the collected info
Similar to other online betting services,  Mybookie collects information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized experience.  The aggregated information (information that does not personally identifies users) may be used in several ways. For example, information regarding usage patterns can be combined with other info obtained from multiple users to help enhance our site and services. This helps Mybookie to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive and to communicate with costumers about their registration and customization preferences.  Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service for example) may access such information. Although, we will only use this information as permitted by law in these cases.
Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements
MyBookie expects its partners, advertisers and affiliates to respect the privacy of our users, however, third parties may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices.  Although, since such activities are beyond the control of MyBookie and this policy, MyBookie has no responsibility for the actions or policies of such third parties.  You should also note that any information voluntarily disclosed on message boards or in chat areas, can be viewed, be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other web services.
Children’s Privacy Policy
We do not knowingly collect personal information from users under the age of 18. If we learn that we have personal information on an underage user, we will delete that information from our data base.
Contacting Us.
We can be reached by contacting: MyBookie Phone: 844-866-BETS (2387) Email: promo@mybookie.cr Mail Address: 7 Abraham de Veerstraat, Willemstad, Curaçao CW Netherlands Antilles
Changes to Mybookie Policy
MyBookie reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so we suggest members to check this page periodically for possible changes. The continued use of our services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
Governing law
This policy and the use of this Site are governed by Netherlands Antillean law. If a dispute arises under this Policy we agree to first try to resolve it with the help of a mutually agreed-upon mediator in our legislation. The costs and fees related to a possible mediation will be shared equally by all the parts.  If it proves impossible to arrive at a mutually satisfactory solution through mediation, we agree to submit the dispute to binding arbitration at the following legislation: Netherlands Antilles (And under the rules of Curaçao). Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitration may be submitted to any court with jurisdiction to do so.  MyBookie is controlled, operated and administered entirely within Netherlands Antilles. This statement and the policies outlined are not intended to acquire any contractual or legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
IF YOU HAVE A GAMBLING PROBLEM, CALL 1800-GAMBLER.
MyBookie.ag works hard to provide our players with the largest offering of products available in the industry. It is our goal is to give our customers a safe place online to bet with the absolute best service possible. MyBookie.ag has full SSL site security, our top rated Vegas style Sportsbook and Casino websites are legally licensed by the Government & Laws of Curacao. You are responsible for determining the legality of online gambling in your jurisdiction.
MyBookie bonuses are very generous, and we use them to reward both our new and loyal clients. In order to prevent any type of abuse, bonus amounts are required to be rolled over X amount of times before a cash out can be requested. This is called a rollover requirement.
These "rollover requirements" simply mean how much you have to wager in graded, settled sports wagers before requesting a payout. You do not need to win or lose that amount, simply put that amount into action.
For example, if you deposit $100 then we will give you a bonus of $100. The rollover is 10x the deposit plus bonus. Therefore $100 + $100 = $200. $200 x 10 = $2000.
That means you will need to put $2,000 in action before cashing out. The bets are cumulative, so the more you play, the sooner you will meet your rollover and be ready to cash out your winnings!
Use of Cookies: MyBookie.ag is America & Canada's Trusted Online Sportsbook & Bookmaker. MyBookie.ag uses cookies to improve your user experience. By using the MyBookie website, you are consenting to the use of cookies in accordance to our Cookie Policy.
