+31 53 302 0260
Chennai, 600018
Privacy Policy of SecureW2.com
Privacy Policy of SecureW2.com
Privacy Policy of SecureW2.com
April 8, 2015 Adam
If you have any questions regarding privacy on our website, feel free to contact us at privacy@securew2.com .
Privacy and security is very important to SecureW2. As such, we have outlined the ways that we may collect your information and the uses of collected information in the following privacy policy.
Voluntarily Provided Information
Personal information provided by users on the website, usually through the submission of forms or the use of services and trials, is collected and stored. The information gathered this way is used for direct communication and servicing of accounts, as well as distributing trial software and verifying identity. Without this information it would be impossible to properly assist you. Information collected this way includes identity, company information, contact information, and infrastructure details for deployments. This data is protected and never shared outside of the company except in cases when used to help us serve your account.
Occasionally, information provided may be used when creating testimonials or case studies. In these situations, you will explicitly be asked for permission.
Promotional Communications
Occasionally, we send out promotional communications based on information provided. These emails fall outside of the scope of normal customer service emails and may include newsletters, special offers, or news. We only send out emails we believe will provide value to you based on the information we have. A link will be included in all promotional emails that will let you change the types of emails you receive, or opt-out altogether. To opt-out of any other form of promotional communications, please send an email to privacy@securew2.com . Please note that it may take several business days to process requests.
Passively Collected Information
In addition to information provided voluntarily by users, our website also passively collects information from a variety of sources. This information is used to better understand our visitors and improve the quality of our services. As with most websites, SecureW2 uses log files to track visitors – a standard practice on the web. Information collected includes IP addresses, date and time, browser types, Internet Service Providers, and the pages visited. We may also keep track of user email information, such as whether you have opened an email or forwarded it.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are used to collect certain information about your device, browser, IP address, and location when you visit our website. We also collect data regarding your interactions with our website; pages visited, buttons clicked, time spent on pages, search queries that led you to the site, to make our website have the best possible user experience. For more information about how cookies work visit https://www.webopedia.com/DidYouKnow/Internet/all_about_cookies.asp . For information about how to delete cookies visit here https://privacypolicies.com/blog/how-to-delete-cookies/.
 
Web Beacon
In addition to cookies, our website may deliver web beacons, which are clear GIF images that are loaded as part of a page. These images help give us more detailed information about how visitors are using our website. Unlike cookies, they are not stored on your hard drive.
 
Occasionally, Securew2.com links to other websites. These websites are covered by their own privacy policy.
Behavioral Advertising
Some of the behavioral information provided will be used to customize advertisements provided by third party partners, including Adroll and Google. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number. If you wish to opt-out of targeted advertisements, please click  here .
Children’s Information
SecureW2 is not interested in, and does not knowingly collect information of minors. If a parent or guardian believes that we have any identification information of a child under the age of 13, contact us immediately to have it removed from our records.
Offline Data Collection
This privacy policy only applies to data gathered from this website. We may also collect and aggregate data from other sources.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Last Updated: 8/03/2018
+31 53 302 0260
Enter Email
Confirm Email
Email addresses from free providers (Gmail, Hotmail, etc.) will not be accepted.
Phone
Tell us a little about what you had in mind
Captcha
Get Started
All we need is a few details about your network, and we can get you started onboarding users right away!
SSID
Yes
Excellent! You are well on your way to automating your network. Now we just need some contact information so we can get a hold of you when your deployment is ready.
Name
First
Last
Company
Email*
Phone
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
×
We make advanced BYOD onboarding and device certificate management technology for organizations running WPA2-Enterprise.
Got it!
