 
 
WHAT IS THE SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY?
 
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE
 
When you browse our site, purchase a tour or otherwise use our Services, you voluntarily give us certain Personal Data, including:
Your username, email address, and contact information.
Your payment information, if you are a paying customer. This is required to complete a commercial transaction on the Site. We use this information to enable and fulfill your transaction.
Other Information we collect
We collect this Information as you use the Site, Software, and/or Services:
User Content
This consists of all text, documents, or other content or information uploaded, entered, or otherwise transmitted by you in connection with your use of the Services and/or Software.
Automatically collected Information
Certain data about the devices you use to connect with Free Tours by Foot and your use of the Site, Software, and/or Services are automatically logged in our systems, including:
Location information
This is the geographic area where you use your computer and mobile devices (as indicated by an Internet Protocol [IP] address or similar identifier) when interacting with our Site, Software, and/or Services.
Log data
As with most websites and technology services delivered over the internet, our servers automatically collect data when you access or use our Site, Software, and/or Services and record it in log files. This log data may include the IP address, browser type and settings, the date and time of use, information about browser configuration, language preferences, and cookie data.
Usage information
 
HOW DOES FREE TOURS BY FOOT USE MY INFORMATION?
We use, process, and store your Information as necessary to perform our contract with you and for our legitimate business interests, including:
to help us administer our Site, Software, and/or Services, authenticate users for security purposes, provide personalized user features and access, process transactions, conduct research, develop new features, and improve the features, algorithms, and usability of our Site, Software, and/or Services.
to communicate with you about your use of our Site, Software, and/or Services, product announcements, and software updates, as well as respond to your requests for assistance, including providing account verification support if you’re having difficulty accessing your account.
to send you direct marketing emails and special offers about Free Tours by Foot, from which you can unsubscribe at any time. For more information, please see the section entitled, “Will Free Tours by Foot send me emails?” If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), we will only send you marketing information if you consent to us doing so at the time you create your account or any point thereafter.
to display User Content associated with your account and make sure it is available to you when you use our Services.
 
Does Free Tours by Foot share my information?
 
 
 
 
We may disclose Non-Personal Data publicly and to third parties – for example, in public reports about word usage, to partners under agreement with us, or as part of progress reports we may provide to users.
 
 
DOES FREE TOURS BY FOOT USE COOKIES?
 
HOW DO THIRD-PARTY APPS AND PLUGINS WORK?
Some third-party applications and services that work with us may ask for permission to access your Information. Those applications will provide you with notice and request your consent in order to obtain such access or information. Please consider your selection of such applications and services, and your permissions, carefully.
 
WILL FREE TOURS BY FOOT SEND ME EMAILS?
From time to time, we may want to contact you with information about product announcements and special offers. You may opt out of such communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found within Free Tours by Foot emails and changing your contact preferences. All Free Tours by Foot account holders will continue to receive transactional and tour logistics messages related to our Services, even if you unsubscribe from promotional emails.
 
Does Free Tours by Foot ever make any of my Personal Data or User Content public?
 
Where is my Information stored?
 
HOW SECURE IS MY INFORMATION?
Free Tours by Foot is committed to protecting the security of your Information and takes reasonable precautions to protect it. However, Internet data transmissions, whether wired or wireless, cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and as a result, we cannot ensure the security of Information you transmit to us, including Personal Data and User Content; accordingly, you acknowledge that you do so at your own risk.
We use industry-standard encryption to protect your data in transit. This is commonly referred to as transport layer security (“TLS”) or secure socket layer (“SSL”) technology.
Once we receive your data, we protect it on our servers using a combination of technical, physical, and logical security safeguards. The security of the data stored locally in any of our Software installed on your computing device requires that you make use of the security features of your device. We recommend that you take the appropriate steps to secure all computing devices that you use in connection with our Site, Software, and Services.
 
HOW CAN I DELETE MY PERSONAL DATA FROM Free Tours by Foot?
 
How long is Personal Data retained?
 
FOR EEA USERS
 
What rights do I have, and how can I exercise them?
Individuals located in the European Economic Area (EEA) have certain rights in respect to their personal information, including the right to access, correct, or delete Personal Data we process through your use of the Site, Software, and/or Services. If you’re a user based in the EEA, you can:
 
How can I have my Personal Data corrected or deleted?
 
How can I object to us processing your Personal Data?
 
How can I complain to a regulator?
 
WILL THIS PRIVACY POLICY EVER CHANGE?
 
CALIFORNIA ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
 
CHILDREN’S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT COMPLIANCE
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
 
YOUR CONSENT
 
CONTACT US
You may contact us with any questions relating to this Privacy Policy by email at info@freetoursbyfoot.com or by mail at:
1300 Pennsylvania Ave NW #190-503
Washington DC 20004
