Ready to say Goodnight Wrinkles?
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy tells you what information Renita LLC d/b/a Sio Beauty (“Renita,” “we,” or “us) collects when you and others visit and interact with our website at www.siobeauty.com (“Site”), how we use such information and what choices you have about how that information is used. We collect information from you and other users in connection with the provision of our products, services and programs (collectively, “Services”).
We urge you to read our entire Privacy Policy so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy, and how you can participate in that commitment.
I. Information You Voluntarily Provide
Personal/Contact Information
When you interact with our Site, for example, placing an order, or creating a profile on our Site, we may collect your name, e-mail address, mailing address, contact numbers, credit card number, and expiration date. The personally identifiable information we collect when you place an order or register for membership on our Site may be used for the purposes outlined in this policy, including: (1) to fulfill your requests for products and services; (2) to notify you of order, delivery, and shipment statuses; (3) to provide you with offers from Renita and its associated companies; (4) enhance your experience with us; and (4) to contact you when necessary.
Credit Card and Payment Information
Renita does not share any of your payment information with third parties (except to its payment processors).
Information Provided in Optional Surveys
We may periodically ask customers to participate in online surveys or fill out online questionnaires concerning topics such as the effectiveness of our products and customer satisfaction. All surveys and questionnaires are optional and the information collected will not be associated with any user’s personal information. Information gathered may be shared with third parties in order to improve customer satisfaction and program effectiveness. No personal information of any user will be connected to survey or questionnaire results.
Other Information You May Voluntarily Provide
From time to time, we may collect third-party email addresses or other contact information from our users and customers so that we may send information to their friends and family on an as-requested basis.
II. Information Collected Automatically
We also collect non-personally identifiable information through our Internet log files, which record data such as user IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Site. This information may be used for our business purposes. We may link this information to personally identifiable information for these and other purposes, including personalizing your experience on our Site.
Cookies
When you use our Site, we gather web traffic information via “cookies”. Cookies are small pieces of digital information stored by your browser on your computer and tracks initial and returning visits, browsing patterns on our site, and products ordered and viewed. Our cookies do not contain personally identifying information, but they enable us to identify you as a repeat visitor and help us personalize your web site experience. Although most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, you may reset your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies generally. Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the “Help” section of the toolbar. You need to have cookies enabled on your computer in order to use our site. If you do not accept cookies to use our Website, you may not be able to use certain resources or features of our Website.
Flash Cookies
Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies, and they are not placed on your computer.
Web Beacons, Pixel Tags, and 3rd Party Cookies
We, or third parties engaged by us, may use web beacons on some pages of this site. A web beacon (also known as a pixel tag or clear GIF) is a graphic image which is used to better understand the browsing patterns of visitors to the page.
When the HTML code for the web beacon points to a site to retrieve the pixel image, information can be passed along such as the IP address of the computer that requested the image, the time the web beacon was viewed and for how long, the type of browser that was used, and previously set cookie values. Web beacons DO NOT pass or read personally identifiable information about you.
Web beacons work in conjunction with cookies set by trusted third parties that are used to assess the effectiveness of particular promotional campaigns or to optimize advertising once a user leaves a website. View your browser’s help section to determine how to configure your browser to reject or manage our and/or third-party cookies. We may share aggregated information collected through web beacons to vendors for which the beacon was set to determine the success of marketing campaigns, but does not disclose personally identifying information to these vendors.
Third-party ad servers may track anonymous website usage through web beacons on our Site and other websites. They do this by setting a cookie (or reading a cookie previously placed by them) on users’ computers to track the activities of users who view a web page that contains web beacons. Third party ad servers may use information about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Periodically, upon our request, third party ad servers may report the anonymous data that they collect on our behalf back to us for our internal use and analysis and our treatment of this anonymous data is governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy. To learn more about targeted advertising, these providers, or how you may opt out, please visit the DAA’s consumer choice page at http://www.aboutads.info/choices. Technologies other than http cookies may be used by third parties in a similar way, to recognize the email recipients’ computer or device and to keep track of which user identities match to which devices or browsers, and those technologies may not respond to browser settings that block conventional cookies. You may opt out of many of these types of technologies by visiting the NAI’s opt out page at http://www.networkadvertising.org.
How we respond to “DO NOT TRACK” signals
We do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide you the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
We may use cookies and web beacons for insight with respect to the usage of the Site, and so that we could continually improve our customer’s experience. At times, we use third parties to analyze usage of our website. However, we do not disclose your personally identifiable information to such third parties.
III. How we Use Information
How We Share Information
We share your information (other than payment information) with third-party vendors for shipping and billing purposes and with other third-parties that provide a service to help us operate our business and the Site and administer activities on our behalf. We may also provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors.
In addition, from time to time, we may make customer e-mail addresses and postal addresses available to other businesses whose products or services might be of value to you. If you do not want us to share your information with other companies or organizations for their marketing purposes, please let us know by emailing us at care@siobeauty.com. If you opt-out of promotional or newsletter emails from us, we may continue to send you certain communications such as service announcements and administrative messages, relating to us that are necessary to our relationship with you.
In addition to what we have described above, we may also disclose your personal information to third parties in certain limited circumstances, as follows (1) as necessary if we believe that there has been a violation of our site Terms and Conditions, of the law, of our rights or of any third party; (2) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; and (3) if you have given permission for us to share your account information with other members of your household.
We may also sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity’s planned use or sharing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Bulletin Boards, Social Media Pages, Chat Rooms
As part of our Services, we may provide public spaces such as bulletin boards, chat rooms, and social media pages (collectively, “Forums”). Forums give our customers the opportunity to interact with each other. Forums are moderated to help keep inappropriate messages from being posted. Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information through or on these Forums your information can be viewed, collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information in a Forum that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. We cannot control the actions of any third parties.
By posting any comments, pictures or other information (“Content”) in a Forum hosted by us, you grant us a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual and worldwide right to copy and post both such Content within our Site, and those of our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, assigns, agents and licensees and any social media outlets and advertising medium through which we are engaged or elsewhere on the Renita LLC Site, without any further notice to you or any remuneration therefore.
IV. Your Rights and Your Consent
International Users
This Site is hosted and operated by Renita LLC in the United States. If you are accessing or providing information to the Site from a location outside of the United States, the privacy and data security laws of the United States shall govern, and as such, the laws of your jurisdiction will not apply. By visiting this Site or providing your information, you understand and unambiguously agree to the collection, storage and processing of your information in the United States.
Note About Children
This Site is neither intended for nor directed to children under the age of 13 and we shall not knowingly solicit or collect any personal information from such children. If we become aware of such collection, we will promptly delete such information.
Notice to California Customers – Your California Privacy Rights
California residents have a right to know what third parties with whom we share their personal information for their direct marketing purpose and to opt-out of such sharing. As noted above, Renita permits all customers and visitors to opt out of such sharing.
Your Consent and Notification of Change
By using our Site, telephone consultation, or mailing in requests for information you consent to the collection and use of your information by Renita. If you do not want to receive additional promotions from us, please let us know by emailing us at care@siobeauty.com If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Site or app.
If at some point in the future, there is a change to our information usage practices that affect your personally identifiable information, we will notify you by e-mail or by posting the change on our site, depending on the change. Accordingly, you should check this posted Privacy Policy for changes. All amended terms automatically take effect 30 days after they are posted. Also, depending on the nature of the change, you may have the option to opt-out of the new information usage by sending a message to: care@siobeauty.com. You should check this posted Privacy Policy for changes.
If you opt-out of promotional or newsletter emails from Renita, we may continue to send you certain transactional communications, such as service announcements and administrative messages relating to your account with us that are necessary to our relationship with you.
Corrections/Updates
To make changes to any of your personal information, including name, username, password, shipping address, and telephone number, you can contact us at the address below at any time.
V. Third-Party Websites
Our Site may contain links to third-party websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for the activities and practices that take place on these sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any site that you may access through our site.
VI. Information Security
Protecting your information from unauthorized disclosure is important to us. We use the industry standard technology to protect the security of your information. We have taken certain physical, electronic, contractual and managerial steps designed to safeguard the information we collect from you. Unfortunately, no data transaction over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Renita, LLC / Sio Beauty
New York, NY 10019
Join us on the Journey
Follow Us @SiOBeauty
