Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how Instant Pot uses and protects Personal Data it collects through:
Its websites;
Collection and Use
Privacy Rights
‘Personal data’ means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, such as a name, an identification number, location data, or an online identifier.
1.     Information Collected from the website
Cookies
The Instant Pot websites use cookies to help us better understand how visitors use the site so we can improve it. Information cookies collect includes IP address and location data, use of the Site, such as pages visited, links clicked, text entered, and mouse movements, as well as information more commonly collected such as the referring URL, browser, operating system, and Internet Service Provider. This information also helps us customize our website content according to your preferences and serve you ads and offers tailored to your interests. Visitors to the website are informed, up front, that they can opt-out of the cookies through their web browser settings.
Your inputs
Instant Pot may also collect any data that you voluntarily provide us by posting it on our website, registering your Instant Pot product or by email when you choose to interact with our website. This may include your name, email address, username, and password when filling out an online form or creating an account.
Some transactions between you and our website may involve payment by credit card, debit card, checks, money orders, and/or third party online payment services. In such transactions, we will collect information related to the transaction as part of the course of doing business with you, including your billing address, telephone number, and other information related to the transaction.
The information collected from you on our website is relevant for the purpose of providing our services, specifically to:
Account authentication purposes;
Process transactions with Instant Pot;
Send e-mails and updates about Instant Pot services or products or respond to inquiries;
Send updates about changes to our website, new products and services, or special offers, as well as Instant Pot newsletters;
Provide support for the Instant Pot products and services;
Enhance or improve Instant Pot services;
Monitor data and user activity to ensure compliance with contractual requirements; and
Perform any other function reasonably necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of the Instant Pot products and services.
With express consent, Instant Pot may post personal testimonials along with those of other satisfied customers in addition to other endorsements.
2.     Information Collected from the APP
When you purchase an Instant Pot product, you may download an APP to help you get the full array of services offered by Instant Pot. With your express consent, the APP will collect your use data of the Instant Pot product.
This information is used to respond to your needs and interests as well as any support you may need.
Children
The Instant Pot site is intended for a general audience and does not knowingly collect Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13.
3.     Sharing Personal Information
Whether it was collected through the website, the online store or Instant Pot Services, Personal Data is never sold or disclosed without consent, except in the rare cases where it is required to do so by law.
However, in the course of business, Instant Pot may hire third party individuals or organizations to help deliver our services. Instant Pot may also hire third parties to operate, maintain, repair, or otherwise improve or preserve files or systems.
In those cases, the third parties only process Personal Data collected by Instant Pot, on Instant Pot’s behalf, under Instant Pot’s written instructions, and/or under contractual arrangements containing specific clauses that demand the same level of security and protection of the Personal Data shared with them as provided for by Instant Pot. All third parties engaged by Instant Pot are subject to this Privacy Policy and to compliance monitoring in that regard.
Where Instant Pot is required by law to disclose Personal Data, disclosure will only be done upon demonstrated lawful authority to do so and on the basis of legal advice. As permitted by law, Instant Pot may also access or disclose Personal Data when it is reasonable to believe that it is necessary to (i) enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations; (ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of users and the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and spam/malware prevention.
4.     Right to Access, Edit, and Remove Your Information
Individuals may access, edit or remove their Personal Data held by Instant Pot by contacting Instant Pot directly at Privacy@InstantPot.com .
Instant Pot will ensure the accuracy of Personal Data and allow individuals the opportunity to correct their Personal Data upon request and as necessary. Instant Pot will also delete, upon request from the individual, any inaccurate Personal Data, any Personal Data that is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or Personal Data for which consent has been withdrawn.
An access request cannot be accepted if it puts at risk the privacy of others.
Access, correction and deletion of Personal Data are provided for free except where the request requires disproportionate technical effort (such as developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems). In such cases,  Instant Pot will charge a fee corresponding to administrative costs and provide justification for the fee.
While we will seek to address any request and resolve any complaint regarding this policy, other complaint mechanisms exist. Instant Pot informs individuals of those resources as relevant, such as the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in the U.S., the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada in Canada and the national data protection authorities in Europe.
5.     Security measures for all Personal Data
Instant Pot applies necessary physical, technological and administrative measures to protect Personal Data at the level appropriate to its sensitivity. These include:
Entry-exit registration of visitors;
Use of SSL Certificates to protect users against unauthorized access;
Policies governing the management and protection of Personal Data, made easily accessible and distributed to staff for implementation; and
Risk management plans, identifying threats and mitigation measures.
6.     Location of Data
Instant Pot stores and processes your Personal Data in Canada and with AWS under the highest data security standards. AWS is certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield.
7.     Addressing Questions or Concerns
Instant Pot addresses questions and concerns through its Privacy Office. All queries regarding privacy at Instant Pot are directed to the Data Protection Officer via email at Privacy@InstantPot.com .
Instant Pot makes every effort to respond in a timely and satisfactory manner.
Sign-Up for Weekly
We only use this information to send you the Newsletter – we do not share it and we don’t analyse it.
I Agree
Download Recipe App
UK
