Data Controller
The data controller of this website is the Celebrityinside.com office.
Information collected and purpose
Download Information
When you visit our website the following information will automatically be processed and this
solely for the use of this association:
The requested web page or download;
Whether the request was successful or not;
The date and time when you accessed the site;
The Internet address of the website or the domain name of the computer from which you accessed the site;
The operating system of the machine running your web browser and the type and version of your web browser.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that the site transfers to the user’s computer hard drive when the user visits the website. Our website uses only session cookies which are erased when the user closes the Web browser. The session cookie is stored in temporary memory and is not retained after the browser is closed. Session cookies do not collect information from the user’s computer. They will typically store information in the form of a session identification that does not personally identify the user.
Your rights as data subject
As an individual, you may exercise your right to access the data held about you by this company by submitting your request in writing to the data controller. Although all reasonable efforts will be made to keep your information updated, you are kindly requested to inform us of any change referring to the personal data held by the association.
In any case, if you consider that certain information about you is inaccurate, you may request rectification of such data. You also have the right to request the blocking or erasure of data which has been processed unlawfully.
Links to other Web Sites
To give you a better service our site can connect you with a number of links to other local and international organizations. When connecting to such other websites you will no longer be subject to this policy but to the privacy policy of the new site.
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
4 Comments
Kent Tukeli
Hello Sam,
This is Kent Tukeli and I’d like to arrange a sponsored guest post agreement for a publisher that I’m promoting. Please contact me at your convenience for more details.
Hello,
you can leave your email address here and we will contact you back.
Hey!
I’m Emma and I am a PR manager in a blogger outreach agency.
One of our clients would like to promote his services through posts with an included dofollow link to his website.
Your blog is so remarkable and creative that we would like to cooperate with you in this issue.
Do you accept sponsored posts on your website? If so, please let me know your rates.
I would be grateful to receive your answer.
Kind regards,
