Welcome to the vTime privacy policy. We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal data.
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how vTime collects and processes your personal data through your use of its apps, services and website, including any data you may provide when you use our apps, sign up to our newsletter or take part in a competition.
You should read this policy in full, but here are the key points:
When you join vTime, use our services or website you share certain personal information with us - such as your date of birth, your email address and so on.
In addition, we also collect a variety of information about how you use vTime - such as details of the device you are on, your IP address, how long you’re on the service and so on.
We need to collect, store and process this personal data in order to provide a safe, reliable and legal service and to understand how vTime is used, so we can make it better.
We do not listen to your conversations in vTime, and do not routinely view any images you upload. But we can, and do moderate images if we suspect they breach our community guidelines.
We do all we can to protect and safeguard your data, keeping it for the minimum time necessary. You can ask to see your data and ask for it to be rectified or deleted, although deletion would result in you no longer being able to use our service.
▼ ▶ The data we collect about you
The personal information we collect about you falls into two main categories – information you give us (such as your email address or your date of birth) and information we collect from your use of our apps or from third parties (such as which destinations you visit or your IP address).
▼ ▶ Why we collect it
We need to collect, store and process this information so we can provide a safe, reliable and legal service, and to understand how vTime is used so we can make it better. Broadly, the categories of data we collect and store are for:
safeguarding and moderation of the services
enhancing user engagement and experience
providing functionality
▼ ▶ How we use it
We use your information for two reasons. Firstly, to allow us to provide a safe, reliable and legal service and to understand how vTime is used. This is part of your contract with us when you accept our terms and conditions and if you do not agree to this then you will not be able to and should not try to access our services.
The other use of your data, provided you give us specific consent, is for marketing purposes such as newsletters or competitions. You may withdraw this consent at any time and still continue to use our services, subject to this privacy notice and our terms and conditions.
▼ ▶ Do we share or disclose it?
We never sell your information to third parties. However, like most other internet based services, we use third party service providers (such as Amazon Web Services and Google Analytics) to either host our services or provide additional functionality to our services or marketing.
We may share your personal data with such service providers, subject to obligations consistent with this privacy policy and our terms and conditions, and providing the third parties agree to respect your personal data. We may also disclose or share your personal information if we believe it is reasonably necessary to comply with law or regulation or a legitimate governmental request or court order, or if we feel it necessary for the protection and safety of our users or our services.
▼ ▶ Where and how is it stored
vTime is a global service, so your information may be stored and processed at times on servers outside of the European Union, typically in the USA. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in the European Union, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy.
You can ask us at any time to disclose to you or correct what data we hold on you by emailing  data@vTime.net , or you can download your data  here . Also, you can ask us to delete your data, but once deleted your account will be deactivated and you will not be able to access our services. If you delete your own account, your data will automatically be deleted.
If you have given consent to receive marketing, or for us to use your data for marketing purposes, you may withdraw that consent at any time by using the Update Preferences or Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we send you, or  here . You will continue to have access to our services subject to this privacy notice and our terms and conditions.
▼ ▶ Age restriction
▼ ▶ Find out more
You should read our complete privacy policy (below) for information such as your legal rights regarding personal data and our  terms and conditions  in full to understand in what circumstances you can use our services
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager by emailing  data@vtime.net .
vTime Master Privacy Statement
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY  
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how vTime collects and processes your personal data through your use of its apps, services and website, including any data you may provide when you use our apps, sign up to our newsletter or take part in a competition.
Our apps and services are not intended for children (anyone under 16 years of age) and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy policy supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. Please read our  terms and condition  in full to understand the terms you must agree to in order to use our services.
CONTROLLER  
vTime Limited is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as [”Company”], “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy).
We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below.
CONTACT DETAILS  
Our full details are:
Company name: vTime Limited
Name and title of privacy manager: Stephen Houston, General Counsel and Director
Email address: data@vTime.net
Postal address: 27 Parliament Street, Liverpool, UK. L8 5RN
You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues ( www.ico.org.uk ). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES  
This version was last updated on May the 17th 2018 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
THIRD-PARTY LINKS  
 
2.  THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU  
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, and date of birth.
Contact Data includes email address.
Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, device type and version, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our apps, services and website.
Profile Data includes your username and password, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses.
Usage Data includes when and where you log on to our apps, what device you use, who you speak with, your friend’s list and how long you spend on the apps.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
We also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific app or website feature. However, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
 We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
 IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA  
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you (such as our terms and conditions) and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you the vTime services through the apps). In this case, we may have to cancel the services you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
3. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
 We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through: 
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and contact data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
create an account on our apps, services or website;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey; or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, services or apps we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy  for further details.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
Technical Data from the following parties:
analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU;
search information providers such as Google based outside the EU.
platform holders, such as Oculus based outside the EU.
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you though our terms and conditions.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
The types of lawful basis that we will rely on to process your personal data are set out in the table below.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by  contacting us .
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA  
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please  contact us  if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
To register you as a new user of our apps and services
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
To administer and protect our business and our apps, services and website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant apps, services or website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
(a) Identity
(b) Contact
(c) Profile
(d) Usage
(f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
Performance of a contract with you
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical
(b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
      (b) Performance of a contract with you
MARKETING  
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising.
PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM US  
We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).
You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.
THIRD-PARTY MARKETING  
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the vTime group of companies for marketing purposes.
OPTING OUT  
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by adjusting your marketing preferences or by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you, by following this  link , or by  contacting us  at any time.
Where you opt- out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of using our apps or services.
COOKIES  
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our apps, services and website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information, read our full Cookie Policy .
CHANGE OF PURPOSE  
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please  contact us .
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules and our terms and conditions or where this is required or permitted by law.
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third Parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy and our terms and conditions
We require all Third Parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes, unless you have agreed or consented to them doing so, and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
If you have linked your vTime account with external Third Parties, such as Facebook, through linking or single sign on, then we may share your personal data with these external parties for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above. Also, they may be processing and analysing your personal  data and any such processing they do will be under their terms and conditions and privacy policy.
We also incorporate various third party plugins and libraries of software into our apps in order to build the vTime functionality. A full list can be found  here . Based upon the the licence agreements and supporting documentation provided by them to us, we believe they do not share any personal data with third parties. However, if you are concerned, you should familiarise yourself with their individual privacy policies. 
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
Many of our external third party service providers or partners are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see  European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries .
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see  European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield .
Please  contact us  if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA. 
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. 
8. DATA RETENTION
HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?  
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
Details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by  contacting us
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. 
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please  contact us . 
NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED  
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU  
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND  
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. 
10. GLOSSARY
LAWFUL BASIS
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we >process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us
Performance of Contractprocessing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party (such as our terms and conditions) or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
THIRD PARTIES
INTERNAL THIRD PARTIES  
Other companies in the vTime Group acting as joint controllers or processors and who are based in the UK or the US.
EXTERNAL THIRD PARTIES  
Service providers acting as processors based in the US who provide IT and system administration services. You should review and familiarise yourself with their individual privacy policies.
Amazon Web Services - is used for storage of data and server infrastructure. Amazon Web Services have no direct access to vTime users’ personal information.
Google Analytics - Google’s ability to store and process information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our apps, website and system is restricted by the  Google Terms of Use  and the  Google Privacy Policy .
Mailchimp - Mailchimp’s ability to store and process information collected by Mailchimp about you is restricted by the  Mailchimp Terms of Use  and the  Mailchimp Privacy Policy .
Unity - Unity’s ability to store and process information collected by Unity about you is restricted by the  Unity Terms of Use  and the  Unity Privacy Policy .
Oculus Avatar and Platform SDK - Oculus’ ability to store and process information collected by Unity about you is restricted by the  Oculus Terms of Use  and the  Oculus Privacy Policy .
Facebook Unity Plugin - Facebook’s ability to store and process information collected by Facebook about you is restricted by the  Facebook Terms of Use  and the  Oculus Privacy Policy .
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities (acting as processors or joint controllers) based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Let's stay in touch
Receive exciting news about the latest vTime features, updates, events, calls for beta testers and more straight to your inbox by signing up to our mailing list.
Let's stay in touch
Receive exciting news about the latest vTime features, updates, events, calls for beta testers and more straight to your inbox by signing up to our mailing list.
Follow us across our social media channels:
Subscribe
