Watch2Gether Data Privacy Policy
[ Deutsche Fassung: Datenschutzerklärung - Deutsch ]
Our website (www.watch2gether.com, community.watch2gether.com) may be used without entering personal information. Different rules may apply to certain services on our site, however, and are explained separately below. We collect personal information from you (e.g. name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.) in accordance with the provisions of German data protection statutes. Information is considered personal if it can be associated exclusively to a specific natural person. The legal framework for data protection may be found in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG-new) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). The provisions below serve to provide information as to the manner, extent and purpose for collecting, using and processing personal information by the provider:
Florian Sailer
Turmstr. 20A
10559 Berlin
Impressum / Imprint
Cookies
Our website makes use of so-called cookies in order to recognize repeat use of our website by the same user/internet connection subscriber. Cookies are small text files that your internet browser downloads and stores on your computer. They are used to improve our website and services. In most cases these are so-called “session cookies” that are deleted 7 days after your last visit of our website.
To an extent, however, these cookies also pass along information used to automatically recognize you. Recognition occurs through an unique ID string saved to the cookies. The information thereby obtained is used to manage access rights, improve our services and to expedite your access to the website.
You can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly. You should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
Server Data
For technical reasons, data such as the following, which your internet browser transmits to us or to our web space provider (so called server log files), is collected:
type and version of the browser you use
operating system
websites that you visit
your Internet Protocol (IP) address.
This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal information you may have provided, thereby making it impossible to connect it to any particular person. The data is used for statistical purposes in order to improve our website and services. The data is deleted after 52 days.
Purpose of Registering
We offer you the opportunity to sign up for our website to be able to offer you additional features. The information entered when signing up, as shown in the registration form
Email, Username, Password, Status, Avatar-Image
is collected and stored solely for use by our website. When signing up for our website, we also store your IP address and the date and time you registered. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your data to sign up for our site. None of this information is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that may be collected by other components of our website.
Newsletter
Our website offers you the opportunity to subscribe to our newsletter. The newsletter provides you periodically with information about our services. To receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address. We will review the email address you provide for the purpose of determining whether you are in fact the owner of the email address provided or whether the actual owner of said address is authorized to receive the newsletter. When subscribing to our newsletter, we will store your IP address as well as the date and time you subscribed. This serves to protect us in the event a third party improperly and without your knowledge makes use of your email address to subscribe to our newsletter. We will not collect any other data. The data thereby collected is used solely for the purpose of receiving our newsletter. No data is transferred to third parties. Nor is any of this information matched to any information that other components of our website may collect. You may cancel your subscription to the newsletter at any time. You will find additional details in the email confirming your subscription as well as in each newsletter.
Contacting Us
On our website we offer you the opportunity to contact us. In such event, information provided by the user is stored for the purpose of facilitating communications with the user. No data is transferred to third parties.
Use of Matomo web-analytics
Or web site uses the web-analytics software “Matomo”. The software runs as a self-hosted instance, there is no data transfer to 3rd parties through this way.
Matomo employs so-called “cookies“, text files that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your IP address, is transmitted to our Matomo installation and stored there. In order protect your privacy your IP address is anonymized before its written to the Matomo database.
Matomo is processing the following personal data:
Cookies
Title of the page being viewed
URL of the page being viewed
URL of the page that was viewed prior to the current page
Screen resolution
Pages generation time
Country, region, city
Main Language of the browser
User Agent of the browser
The processing of personal data with Matomo is based on legitimate interests.
Processing your personal data such as cookies is helping us identify what is working and what is not on our website. For example, it helps us identify if the way we are communicating is engaging or not and how we can organize the structure of the website better. By processing your personal data, you can profit from a website which is getting better and better.
Without the data, we would not be able to provide you the service we are currently offering to you. Your data will be used only to improve the user experience on our website and help you find the information you are looking for.
The collected data is deleted after 13 months.
Use of 3rd party components
Watch2Gether is a service that allows users to enjoy web-content from multiple platforms and sources together. Due to this it is unavoidable that data is being transferred to 3rd parties in the process to accessing the shared web-content. In the following you find an overview of the integrated platforms and links to their data privacy policies.
Use of Facebook components
Our website employs components provided by facebook.com . Facebook is a service of Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.
Each time our website receives an access request equipped with a Facebook component, the component prompts your browser to download an image of this Facebook component. Through this process, Facebook is informed precisely which page of our website is being visited.
When you access our site while logged into Facebook, Facebook uses information gathered by this component to identify the precise page you are viewing and associates this information to your personal account on Facebook. Whenever you click on the “Like“ button, for example, or enter a comment, this information is transmitted to your personal account on Facebook and stored there. In addition, Facebook is informed of your visit to our website. This occurs regardless of whether you click on a component or not.
If you wish to prevent the transfer to and storage of data by Facebook about you and your interaction with our website, you must first log out of Facebook before visiting our website. The data protection policies of Facebook provide additional information, in particular about the collection and use of data by Facebook, your rights in this regard as well as the options available to you for protecting your privacy: https://de-de.facebook.com/about/privacy/
In addition, tools are freely available on the market that can be used to block Facebook social plug-ins with add-ons from being added to all commonly used browsers: http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/
You can find an overview of Facebook plugins at https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/
Use of YouTube components
On our website we use components (videos) of YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave., 94066 San Bruno, CA, USA, a company belonging to Google Inc., Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the YouTube server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by YouTube is provided by Google under the following link:
Use of Vimeo components
On our website we use components (videos) of Vimeo, Inc., 555 West 18th Street, New York, New York 10011, USA
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the Vimeo server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Vimeo is provided by Vimeo under the following link:
On our website we use components (videos) of Dailymotion, 140 boulevard Malesherbes, 75017 Paris, France
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the Dailymotion server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Dailymotion is provided by Dailymotion under the following link:
Use of Twitch components
On our website we use components (videos) of Twitch inc., 225 Bush Street, 9th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94104, USA
When you display a page that has an embedded video, a connection will be made to the Twitch server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Twitch is provided by Twitch under the following link:
On our website we use components (audio) of Soundcloud Limited, Rheinsberger Str. 76/77, 10115 Berlin, Germany
When you display a page that has an embedded audio player, a connection will be made to the Soundcloud server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Soundcloud is provided by Soundcloud under the following link:
Use of Mixcloud components
On our website we use components (audio) of Mixcloud Ltd, First Floor, 96 Leonard Street, London, EC2A 4RH, UK
When you display a page that has an embedded audio player, a connection will be made to the Mixcloud server and the content will appear on the website via a communication to your browser.
Further information about data protection by Mixcloud is provided by Mixcloud under the following link:
Use of Paddle
The Watch2Gether +PLUS subscription is sold through the reseller Paddle, 5 Briery Close, Great Oakley, Corby, Northamptonshire, NN18 8JG, UK. During the checkout process personal data such as email, country, post code, payment data) is transferred to Paddle in order to process the purchase.
Further information about data protection by Paddle is provided under the following link:
Use of Cloudflare
This website uses DNS services of the company CloudFlare Inc., 101 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.
Further information about data protection by Cloudflare is provided by Cloudflare Inc. under the following link:
Banners Ads
Large parts of this website can be used free of charge. To pay for the development and the operation of the site we have to integrate advertising banners. These banners are marketed by the company Yieldlove, Kehrwieder 9, 20457 Hamburg, Deutschland. In the following you find Yieldlove’s privacy policy:
– Begin Yieldlove Privacy Policy –
RESPONSIBLE ORGANIZATION
COOKIES
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files that are sent when you visit a website and stored in the browser of the user. If the corresponding Internet page is retrieved, the browser of the user sends back the content of the cookies and thus enables recognition of the user. Certain cookies are automatically deleted after the end of the browser session (so-called session cookies), others are stored for a predetermined time or permanently in the user’s browser and then delete themselves (so-called temporary or permanent cookies)
What data is stored in the cookies?
In cookies, no personal data is stored, but only an online identifier.
How can you prevent the use of cookies or delete cookies?
You can deactivate the storage of cookies via your browser settings and delete already stored cookies at any time in your browser (see the section “Technical notes”). Please note, however, that this online offering without cookies may not work or may only work to a limited extent.
Please note, furthermore, that contradictions against the creation of usage profiles partly work through a so-called “opt-out cookie”. If you delete all cookies, a contradiction may therefore no longer be taken into account and must be collected again by you.
What cookies do we use?
Analysis cookies
We use analysis cookies in order to be able to record the usage behavior (eg clicked advertising banners, visited sub-pages, made search queries) of our users and to evaluate them in statistical form.
Advertising cookies
We also use cookies for promotional purposes. Usage profiles created using these cookies (eg, clicked banner ads, visited subpages, requested search queries) are used by us to show you advertisements or offers that are tailored to your interests (“interest-based advertising”).
Advertising cookies of third parties
We also allow other companies to collect our users’ data through advertising cookies. This allows us and third parties to provide users of our online service with interest-based advertising based on an analysis of their usage behavior (eg, clicked banner ads, visited subpages, requested search queries), and not limited to our online offerings.
Yieldlove delivers advertising banners on behalf of its customers. All our banners use cookies. We place these banners on third-party websites, such as a news page, with the help of third-party providers.
For diagnostic purposes, troubleshooting, and detecting fraudulent behavior, we collect user information in cookies using our 6-month lifecycle. The captured user information includes user agent, device, HTTP referrer and the IP. This data is not retained for more than 7 days.
Yieldlove takes reasonable steps to protect any information we process from misuse, loss, unauthorized access, modification or notification. We take physical, electronic and procedural security measures to protect the data we process. By doing so, we restrict access to this information to authorized employees.
For the cookies that our third-party advertisers place for advertising purposes, we refer to the disclaimers that they have provided on the topic on their own websites. Note that we can only refer to these disclaimers, as they change regularly and Yieldlove has no control over them.
THIRD PARTIES AND OPT-OUT
A central contradiction possibility for different third-party suppliers in particular US-companies is also attainable under the following link: optout.networkadvertising.org But you can also opt-out separately for each company we work with. Responsible for the data collection and for the delivery of interest based-based online advertising are the following companies on behalf of Yieldlove GmbH:
4w Marketplace
4w Marketplace ( www.4wmarketplace.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of 4w Marketplace is 4w Marketplace srl located in Fisciano (Salerno) – 84084 in Via Giovanni Paolo II n.100. In case you would like to prevent 4w Marketplace from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Adform
Adform ( www.adform.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Adform is Adform located in Wildersgade 10B, 1, 1408 Copenhagen, Denmark. In case you would like to prevent Adform from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Amazon
Amazon ( https://www.aps.amazon.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Amazon publisher services is Amazon publisher services located in Washington – 410 Terry Ave. North, Seattle, WA 98109-5210. In case you would like to prevent Amazon publisher services from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
AppNexus
AppNexus ( https://www.appnexus.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of AppNexus is AppNexus Group located in in New York – 28 W. 23rd  Street, New York, New York, 10010. In case you would like to prevent Appnexus from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Conversant
Conversant ( https://www.conversantmedia.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Conversant is Conversant inc. located in in Chicago (IL) – 101 North Wacker, 23rd  Floor Chicago, IL 60606. In case you would like to prevent Conversant from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Criteo
Criteo ( https://www.criteo.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Criteo is Criteo located in Paris – 32 Rue Blanche – 75009 Paris - France. In case you would like to prevent Criteo from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Opt-out: https://www.criteo.com/privacy/
District M
District M ( https://districtm.net ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of District M is District M located in Montreal – 5455 Gaspe Ave #730, Montreal, QC H2T 3B3, Canada. In case you would like to prevent District M from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Doubleclick
Doubleclick ( www.doubleclickbygoogle.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Doubleclick is Google located in Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow St Dublin 4 Ireland. In case you would like to prevent Doubleclick from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Facebook
Facebook ( www.facebook.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Facebook is Facebook Inc., located in 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. In case you would like to prevent Facebook from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Indexexchange
Indexexchange ( www.indexexchange.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Indexexchange is Indexexchange located in New York – 20 W 22nd  St. Suite 1101, New York, NY 10010. In case you would like to prevent Indexexchange from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Oath
Oath ( https://www.oath.com/ ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Oath is Oath (EMEA) Limited located in Dublin - 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay. In case you would like to prevent Oath from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
OpenX
OpenX ( https://www.OpenX.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of OpenX is OpenX located in Pasadena – 888 E Walnut St, 2nd Floor, Pasadena CA, 91101, USA. In case you would like to prevent OpenX from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Pubmatic
Pubmatic ( https://www.pubmatic.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Pubmatic is Pubmatic, Inc. located in Redwood City – 305 Main Street, First Floor, Redwood City, California 94063, USA. In case you would like to prevent Pubmatic from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Pulsepoint
Pulsepoint ( https://www.pulsepoint.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Pulsepoint is Pulsepoint, Inc. located in New York – 360 Madison Avenue, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. In case you would like to prevent Pulsepoint from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Reachnet
Reachnet ( https://www.reachnet.de ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Reachnet is Reachnet DE Ltd. located in Hamburg – Grindelallee 41, D-20146 Hamburg. In case you would like to prevent Reachnet from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Rubicon Project
Rubicon Project ( https://www.rubiconproject.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Rubicon Project is Rubicon Project, inc. located in Playa Vista – 12181 Bluff Creek Drive, 4th Floor, Playa Vista, CA 90094, USA. In case you would like to prevent Rubicon Project from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Primis
Primis ( https://www.primis.tech ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Primis is Primis LTD located in 622 Third avenue, McCann New York House 10017 New York City, USA. In case you would like to prevent Primis from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Smaato ( https://www.smaato.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Smaato is Smaato Ad Services located in Hamburg – Valentinskamp 70, Emporio, 20355 Hamburg, Germany. In case you would like to prevent Smaato from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
SmartAdserver
SmartAdserver ( https://www.smartadserver.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of SmartAdserver is SmartAdserver located in Paris – 66 Rue de la Chaussée d´Antin, 75009 Paris, France. In case you would like to prevent SmartAdserver from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Sovrn
Sovrn ( https://www.sovrn.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Sovrn is Sovrn Holdings, Inc. located in Boulder – 5541 Central Avenue, Boulder, CO 80301. In case you would like to prevent Sovrn from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Ströer SSP
Ströer SSP ( https://www.adscale.de ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Ströer SSP is Ströer media Deutschland GmbH located in Köln – 50999 Köln, Ströer-Allee 1. In case you would like to prevent Adscale from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Twiago
Twiago ( https://www.twiago.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Twiago is Twiago located in Köln – Gustav-Heinemann-Ufer 72b, 50968 Köln. In case you would like to prevent Twiago from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Mopub
Mopub ( https://www.mopub.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Mopub is Twitter, Inc. located in San Francisco – 1355 Market Street, Suite 900, San Francisco, Ca 94103. In case you would like to prevent Moppub from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
Inmobi
Inmobi ( https://www.inmobi.com ) uses technologies, to show interest-based advertising to you. Provider of Inmobi is Inmobi Pte Ltd located in Bangalore – Embassy Tech Square, Kadubeesanahalli Village Outer Ring Road, Varthur Hobli, Bangalore 560103. In case you would like to prevent Inmobi from gathering anonymised data you can do so by using the opt-out link below. This Opt-out cookie deletes all gathered information until now and prevents it from collecting any information in the future.
OTHER / UNFORESEEN COOKIES
Due to the way in which Internet and websites work, it is possible that we do not always have oversight into the cookies that are placed through our banners by third parties. This is particularly the case when our banners contain embedded elements such as texts, documents, images or film clips that are stored by another party, but that are shown on, in or through our banners.
Should you encounter cookies on this website that fall into this category which we have not mentioned above, please let us know or contact the third party directly and ask which cookies they have placed, what the reason for this is, what the lifetime of the cookie is and in what way they have safeguarded your privacy.
YOUR RIGHTS WITH REGARDS TO YOUR DATA
Yieldlove does not view the banner advertising data it uses as personal data under the applicable law. Likewise, we do not collect or process sensitive personal data such as data on racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, or sex life. We also do not knowingly collect data from children under the age of 12.
However, if you want to correct, update or delete the banner advertising data we have, or if you would like to correct, update or delete the personal data that you have provided to us via the contact form on our homepage, you can contact us by e-mail at privacy@yieldlove.com .
EDAA
We participate in the European Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) self-regulatory programs and adhere to the EDAA Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. EDAA principally acts as the central licensing body for the OBA Icon and provides technical means for consumers to exercise transparency and control over OBA through the youronlinechoices.eu online consumer choice platform. EDAA is governed by EU-level organisations which make up the value chain of OBA within Europe and acts to ensure European consistency in approach. Click here to learn more about the EDAA.
MODIFICATIONS AND CONTACT
We will, on occasion need to adapt these statements. For instance, if we modify our website or if the rules governing cookies or privacy change. We or our partners may always modify the content of the statements and the cookies that are stated without prior warning. Please refer back to this web page to see the latest version.
In case you have any questions and/or comments, or wish to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@yieldlove.com or by writing to:
Yieldlove GmbH
Kehrwieder 9
20457 Hamburg
Information/Cancellation/Deletion
On the basis of the Federal Data Protection Act, you may contact us at no cost if you have questions relating to the collection, processing or use of your personal information, if you wish to request the correction, blocking or deletion of the same, or if you wish to cancel explicitly granted consent. Please note that you have the right to have incorrect data corrected or to have personal data deleted, where such claim is not barred by any legal obligation to retain this data.
