Privacy Policy
By using the EITI website you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The EITI is committed to ensuring the privacy of all our website users. We collect and retain only the personal information as you choose to provide us. All such information is stored securely and will not be made public, sold, rented or likewise distributed.
The EITI website ( https://eiti.org ), including all information and materials contained on it, is managed by The EITI International Secretariat, Skippergata 22, 0154 Oslo, Norway.
This Privacy Policy governs all pages on the EITI website. It does not apply to pages hosted by other organisations, including the websites of EITI National Secretariats or related organisations or third-party sites. The EITI website may be linked to the websites of such other parties, but those other sites will have their own privacy policies which apply to them.
How we use anonymous data
Our web servers collect anonymous data about visits to the EITI website. This information is stored in log files and is sometimes used to create aggregate statistics about when the website is accessed, which pages refer visitors to us, the type of web browsers visitors use, which pages are viewed. These statistics help us understand how the website is used and provide us with valuable information for improving it for you in the future. This data cannot be used to identify you personally.
We also make use of Google Analytics to collate usage information about our website. The purpose of this is to produce statistics that we use to improve and further develop the information available on our site. Examples of what the statistics give us are the answer to how many people visit different pages, how long the visit lasts and which sites users are coming from and which browsers are used.
This tool places a cookie on your computer (see below for cookies) to more accurately collate certain metrics. You may choose not to be part of this anonymous, statistical collation. Please review  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en  for specific details.
How we use personal information
We do not collect any information from the EITI website that can be used to identify you unless you choose to provide it. For example, you can choose to provide your email address to subscribe to our newsletter or other email updates. Also, if you apply for a job at the EITI we will collect information so that we can process your application and assess your suitability for the role.
Personal information you submit to the EITI is kept confidential, is stored securely, and is retained only for as long as it is required for the purpose for which it was given. Personal information you provide will not be sold or rented or made public. Personal information is not shared with third parties unless we have your permission or are required to disclose the information by law.
The EITI will sometimes cooperate with partner institutions such as NRGI, PWYP, and the World Bank. On some occasions, the EITI might share your name and email address with these partners. Sharing this information allows us to keep you updated on relevant events and stories. You can at any time contact us if you oppose us sharing your information.  
The EITI website is hosted by a third-party service provider. This third-party service provider will process your personal information only on EITI’s behalf and is bound by strict confidentiality conditions.
Processing of your information by the EITI and its service providers is regulated by Norwegian data privacy law and protected by appropriate security measures.
Cookies policy
Cookies are small files that are stored on your computer's hard drive. This site uses cookies to collect non-personal information from online visitors to improve their online experience and facilitate their visit to the site. This information is collected for traffic analysis only. The cookie does not contain personal details. Depending on the browser that you use, you can set your preferences to block/refuse cookies, and/or notify you before they are placed. Visit  www.allaboutcookies.org  to learn more. Websites may use cookies to recognise repeat visitors and track usage behaviour and collect aggregate data to enable change of content.
Opt-out
If a visitor does not want information collected using cookies, most browsers allow the user to reject the cookie.
Google provides an opt-out button for google analytics for Explorer, Chrome, Safari and Firefox. You can download it here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
No resale of information
EITI does not under any circumstances resell information and/or email addresses collected via eiti.org.
Ask for access to your personal information
If you have provided the EITI with personal information, under data privacy law you have the right of access to it to verify or correct it. In some circumstances, you can object to our use of your information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights or have any questions about this policy, please contact:
Data Protection Officer
EITI International Secretariat
Or please email us at  secretariat@eiti.org .
The global standard for the good governance of oil, gas and mineral resources.
EITI International Secretariat
Content Use Policy
Unless otherwise noted, you may republish our content for free. Please give credit to our source (for web, with direct link, for print with EITI International Secretariat, eiti.org).
Search Content *
Site Navigation
