Privacy Policy
Anonymous Data
Many people who use the web are understandably concerned about what information is collected on them and for what purpose. Here is our privacy policy: When visitors view our web pages, we automatically collect some basic information for two purposes: (1) to document visits for reporting purposes – since the NWI is a grant-funded organization, we must document website visits as part of our information dissemination activities; and (2) to further improve the website and make it more useful for visitors.
Cookies
Our Publications Search system uses "cookies." A cookie is a small file stored on your computer. It allows the web server to keep track of publication requests as a visitor conducts different searches and/or surfs different pages. The cookie expires; that is, becomes inactive after a brief period of time and does not store or transmit any information about the visitor or visitor’s computer.
Voluntary Information
Visitors may provide information on a voluntary basis. For example, signing up for our email list or our mailing list requires an email address and/or additional name and address information. Requests for publications also require the customary name and mailing information. This information is maintained in secure databases only for the stated purpose and is not used in any other way. We do not sell or distribute any email list, mailing list, or publications request information. We use Paypal to collect payment for publications orders, and do not collect or store credit card information.
GDPR Compliance
As of May 24, 2018, our website’s forms no longer automatically collect IP addresses. If you live in the EU and wish to request removal of your information from our databases, please contact aue@pdx.edu .
Third Parties
Automatically-Collected Information
The following information is automatically collected by some of the third-party tools we use, such as Google Analytics: (1) the IP address/hostname used to access our website, (2) date of the visit, and (3) the pages that were visited. The IP address under (1) is used only to generate an approximate count of visits. Most IP addresses are allocated dynamically or configured in such a way that they are not traceable to individual users, and at any rate we do not use this for any other purpose. No information such as names or computer content is collected. We do not sell or distribute any web visitor information.
Opting Out
Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information about users of our website and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices or, in the EU, https://www.youronlinechoices.eu .
Quick Links
Become a Member
We need your help to sustain and enhance the work of the National Wraparound Initiative. Please become a member of the NWI and support our efforts to continue making the latest Wraparound information and resources available to everyone.
