Welcome back! We have noticed you already have an account.
We have found a MarketLive account that matches your  email address.
Enter your MarketLive password to connect.
Returning customer
Welcome back! Please enter your email address and password to sign into your online account.
Email Address
MarketLive will not share your account information with
MarketLive will not share your purchase history with
MarketLive will not attempt to contact your personal contacts on
New customer
Email Address
Select your country
Sign me up for G.H. Bass & Co. Email Updates about new collections and special offers!
Check out as guest
 
Cancel
 
Effective Date: November 4, 2013
Your privacy is important to us at AM Retail Group, Inc. ("AM Retail," "we" or "us"). This online privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes the types of information we gather from individuals visiting www.ghbass.com (the "Site") and how we use that information.
This policy explains what information we collect and what we do with it, and we reserve the right to revise this privacy policy at any time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by posting the new policy here and by changing the "Effective Date" at the top. You should periodically read this policy to learn of any revisions. Your use of this Site or participation in our marketing programs at any time is deemed to constitute your agreement to all of the terms and conditions of the privacy policy then in effect. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not visit the Site or provide any information.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
 
 
 
Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”), Cookies, Web Beacons, and Pixel Tags. By visiting the Site, you make available to us and we collect through the use of cookies certain Non- PII (such as the domain name and type of your Internet server and browser, the web pages accessed, and the length of access). While the Site uses cookies, it does not require the use of cookies. Cookies are messages written in your browser. The cookie messages store Non- PII to help us gauge the success of the Site, help us increase the value and benefits of the Site, and tracks session information such as what pages you access and for how long. While it may be possible to correlate this information to particular individuals, we do not do so, and we limit our use of this information to its aggregate form reflecting all visitors to the Site. Most Internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. You may use the Site without restriction even if you have blocked cookies on your browser.
We use third-party service providers to provide Internet data hosting and to help us measure and determine how visitors use the Site and the effectiveness of the Site in order to help us improve and optimize the Site and the products and services we offer. Those service providers may place web beacons or pixel tags on certain pages of the Site or use cookies in order to facilitate collection of information regarding your use of the Site each time you visit the Site. We do not have access to or control over web beacons or cookies that these third parties may use.
 
 
 
 
 
 
You may elect not to receive promotional communications from AM Retail in connection with the Site or our services. If you have established an account or signed up for our email list, you will have an opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing or promotional emails or other such communications from us by clicking on the preferences link at the bottom of the email. In addition, if you no longer wish to receive promotional communications from us, you may do so by clicking Contact Us and calling the customer service number provided. Please note that removal of user information from our database or "opting-out" will not stop marketing or advertising content that is generated for distribution or is otherwise queued for transmission to you prior to the time when we can implement your request.
 
 
If your name, e-mail, postal address, telephone number or other PII changes, you can make changes to your account information via the Site at (LINK NOT AVAILABLE YET). If you have a request or question relating to such information, including use by our affiliates for direct marketing purposes, you can email us by clicking Contact Us.
 
 
We are not in the business of selling data (PII) about our customers for marketing purposes to third parties, or sharing this data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We may, however, share Non-PII with certain third parties as described herein. There are other limited circumstances in which we share PII, such as from time to time we may engage the services of third parties to help us conduct and administer our marketing programs, and analyze use of the Site. These third parties are contractually bound to use the PII only according to this Privacy Policy. They are not authorized to send you any information about goods and services from other companies without your permission. We may share your PII, including information generated from participation in our loyalty program, among our subsidiaries, parent companies and affiliates for purposes of marketing their products and services.
As more fully explained below, certain third parties manage the content of pages on the Site. These third parties share our commitment in the protection of your privacy.
We may also release PII in special cases in order to comply with any requests from law enforcement and government agencies, to enforce the Terms of Use of the Site and other legal policies and agreements, and to protect customers and others. We may do so when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of our company, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.
We may transfer PII to an affiliate or third party as part of a transfer of business assets. Such a transfer would be within the scope of this policy so long as the affiliate or third party agrees to continue to maintain use and storage of PII in accordance with this policy. If the company files bankruptcy, this privacy policy is null and void in its entirety, and we may sell, transfer or auction any and all information, including customer data and personal information, in any manner in our sole discretion.
We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major Web sites. No PII is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider, please click here.
LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY
IN NO EVENT WILL AM RETAIL OR ITS PARENT, AFFILIATES, LICENSEES OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, OPERATING, PRODUCING, TRANSMITTING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE OR ITS PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, INABILITY TO USE, OR THE RESULTS OF USE OF THIS SITE, ANY SITES LINKED TO THIS SITE, OR THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION OR SERVICES CONTAINED AT ANY OR ALL SUCH SITES, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY AND WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY DO NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY LAW. PLEASE REFER TO YOUR LOCAL LAWS FOR ANY SUCH PROHIBITIONS.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
©2015 AM Retail Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SIGN UP
The form is unavailable at this time, please try again later.
