Free Ground Shipping On All Orders Over $125
More
SearchType a search term. As you type, links to relevant products may be suggested for your convenience.
Search
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATED May, 2018
At vineyardvines.com, your privacy is a top priority. Please read our privacy policy details. We respect your privacy and are committed to maintaining and using this information responsibly. This privacy policy addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on our website as well as information we collect directly from customers on the telephone or in our stores (the “Sites”) in accordance with applicable privacy laws including, where applicable, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other UK and European data privacy laws and applicable US privacy laws (the “Privacy Laws”).
vineyard vines® collects customer information to improve your overall shopping experience with us. We collect your personal information to fulfill our contractual obligations, our statutory obligations and/or the legitimate interests of vineyard vines and for other purposes for which vineyard vines has a lawful basis under the Privacy Laws.
In addition, vineyard vines may, and only with your consent, process your personal information in order to communicate with you for marketing purposes. In this event, we may provide additional information that we believe may be of interest, including about offers, promotions, and news updates. You have the right to unsubscribe when you have provided consent to receive these communications by emailing privacy@vineyardvines.com or by following the instructions in any such communication, e.g. by clicking on the link to unsubscribe.
By using the Sites, you signify your acceptance of the privacy policy as amended from time to time.
Personal information relating to you and your order history are only available to you if you provide the correct password that you create on vineyardvines.com. After providing your password, you can edit or delete your information at any time through the My Account page.
If you forget your password, you can select the “forgot your password?” link on the login screen and we will send you an email (to the email address that you used to register your account) including a link that will enable you to reset your password.  We will not give passwords out over the phone or by email.
Your address book, located in the shipping addresses & contacts page, is your personal storage space. We do not use the names of the people in your address book to send email promotions or catalogs by mail.
Website visitors from outside of the United States
If you are visiting vineyardvines.com from a location outside of the United States, you will be connected through and to servers located within the United States (where data privacy laws are less stringent than in the European Union and some other jurisdictions). Some of the recipients of your personal information as specified above may be located in countries (including the United States) that do not provide a level of data protection equivalent to that set forth by the European Union and some other jurisdictions. vineyard vines will take appropriate steps to ensure that such recipients act in accordance with the Privacy Laws. If you choose to access or use the Sites, you consent to the transfer, use and disclosure of information in accordance with this privacy policy and subject to the Privacy Laws. All vineyardvines.com orders will be accepted and fully processed in and shipped from the United States and all information you provide will be securely maintained in our Web server and internal systems located within the United States.
Purchases made through our website that ship outside of the United States are made through Borderfree, Inc. (“Borderfree”), not vineyard vines. Personal information that you provide in connection with web orders that ship outside of the United States is provided to Borderfree, not vineyard vines, though Borderfree may share this information with us. You can view Borderfree’s privacy policy at https://www.borderfree.com/privacy/en_us/ for more information on their privacy practices.
Information we share
Any personal information you provide to us on the Sites when you register or update an account, participate in a contest, sweepstakes, promotion or survey, join our mailing list, request a catalog, shop online, shop by telephone or in our stores, or request information (i.e. name, address, email address, telephone number and credit card information) is maintained in private files on our secure Web server and our internal systems.
With your consent, we may occasionally share our postal and email lists, as well as your shopping history (but not your credit card information), with third parties whose products or services may be of interest to you and who have their own privacy policy in place. If at any time you do not want us to share your personal information with these third parties, you may opt-out by emailing us at privacy@vineyardvines.com . Please include your name and postal address and write "do not share my information" in the subject line. You may also opt-out by writing to us at the address located at the end of this privacy policy and including your name, postal and email address.
We also may share your information with unaffiliated third parties who provide services to vineyard vines such as helping us to maintain and manage our customer information, communicate with our customers, service our website, conduct promotions or surveys, order fulfillment, etc. vineyard vines does not authorize any of these service providers to use or disclose customer information other than in connection with providing services to vineyard vines.
In the event of a sale or merger of vineyard vines our customer's personal information may be shared with the merged or purchasing entity. You should also be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if required to do so by law, governmental request or court order or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with such law, request or court order or to protect the users of our website or the public.
We may share personal information with other group entities for any of the purposes set out above.  Our group entities, in turn, are not permitted to share personal information with other non-affiliated entities, except as described herein or otherwise permitted by the Privacy Laws or other applicable laws.
Where personal information is processed by third parties outside the UK and EEA, we will ensure appropriate safeguards are in place to adequately protect it, as required by applicable law.
Links to other sites
To enhance your shopping experience, the Sites may have links to other sites. Those Web sites will have their own policies on privacy that you may wish to review. vineyard vines has no responsibility for these linked Web sites.
Cookies
We use cookies to recognize you and your preferences to make shopping easier and provide you with a customized experience on our website. Cookies are bits of information that we automatically store on your computer if your computer accepts cookies. Cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information such as your name, address or any financial information on your computer. vineyard vines places a unique user ID number on your cookie which allows us to access information that will improve your shopping experience - such as holding items in your shopping bag, accessing your address book, or providing you with customized pages based on your past viewing or purchasing preferences. We also use cookies to track traffic to different parts of the website in order to make improvements and optimize your shopping experience, as well as for remarketing purposes to serve you with internet advertisements (as more fully discussed in the Advertising section below).
If you do not wish to have a cookie on your system, you can set your browser preferences to refuse them. In order to disable cookies, please consult your browser's help section for instructions.
Advertising
We participate in interest-based or behavioral advertising. This means that you may receive communications, special promotions, and see advertising on the Sites or other websites tailored to how you browse or shop at our stores, on the Sites or other websites. You may also see advertising for Vineyard Vines on other advertising on other websites based on your particular interests and online activity on the Sites or other websites. You have the choice to tell us not to collect and use this information. Learn more about this kind of advertising and how you can opt out by clicking here: www.networkadvertising.org/choices .
vineyard vines may use Adobe and the third-party cookie DoubleClick to optimize our Sites based on the traffic we receive and assist with marketing. To learn more about Adobe, including options for opting out and/or managing the ads you may see online please visit: http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html .
Do not track
Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference that users can set in some web browsers, allowing users to opt out of tracking by websites and online services. At the present time, the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) has not yet established universal standards for recognizable DNT signals and therefore, vineyard vines and the Sites do not recognize DNT.
Changing email or catalog preferences
If you give us your email address either on the footer of our website or when you register, or order, we will send you emails about promotions. To remove yourself from our email list you may click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our emails and follow the instructions to opt out of future email communications. When you supply your postal address either when requesting a free catalog or placing an order, you will receive the vineyard vines catalog by mail. If you choose to give us your telephone number on the order form, it is for the purpose of contacting you regarding your order. We will not call you regarding promotions. If you do not want a vineyard vines catalog, please send us an email to: catalog@vineyardvines.com with the following:
The phrase "no catalog" in the subject line
Your name and your complete mailing address
 
Updating email or postal addresses
You can edit your email address or edit/delete your postal address at anytime through the My Account Page.
Privacy for children
vineyard vines® is concerned about the privacy of young children and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under 13 (or such higher age as required by applicable law). vineyard vines® does not sell products for purchase by children, and all children's products we sell are for purchase by adults only.  If vineyard vines learns that a child under the age of 13 (or such higher age as required by applicable law) has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13 (or such higher age as required by applicable law), please contact us at tieguys@vineyardvines.com or by calling 1-800-892-4982.
Security
The security of your information is very important to us. We use industry-standard security techniques to help protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information collected from you at the Sites. When you access your account information or transmit personally identifiable data to the Sites, that information is stored on servers that the Sites have attempted to secure from unauthorized access or intrusion. We use the 256-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of your online order information. SSL technology encrypts your order information to protect it from being decoded by anyone other than vineyard vines®
Once you land on any page of our website, your computer will begin communicating with our server in secure mode. You can tell that you are in secure mode by the following:
The "http" in the web address will be replaced by "https"
You you will see padlock depending on the browser (Microsoft Internet Explorer, Chrome, Safari.)
Only browsers that use the 256-bit Secure Socket Layer technology are able to order through the Vineyard Vines web site. If your browser does not support SSL, you can update your browser.
While we implement these and other security measures on this site, please note that 100% security is not always possible.
Your California privacy rights
Customers who are California residents may request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at privacy@vineyardvines.com and write "California Privacy Rights" in the subject line. Alternatively, you may write to us at the address located and the end of this privacy policy.
Your EU privacy rights
Customers who reside in the UK or in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) have certain rights relating to the personal information we hold in accordance with and subject to the Privacy Laws to: (i) check whether we hold personal information about you and to access such data (in accordance with our policy); (ii) request the correction of personal information about you that is inaccurate; (iii) have a copy of the personal information we hold about you provided to you or another controller where technically feasible; (iv) request the erasure of your personal information; and (v) request the restriction of processing concerning you. To do so, please send your request to privacy@vineyardvines.com and write “EU Privacy Rights”.
Customers may make a complaint in accordance with applicable Privacy Laws to a supervisory authority.
Data Retention
vineyard vines will retain your personal information only for as long as is reasonably necessary to achieve the purposes for which it is collected. Thereafter, we will delete (or otherwise erase, de-identify or pseudonymise or equivalent) any such personal data except as required or permitted by applicable law or regulation.
Policy changes & questions
vineyard vines may update our privacy policy from time to time and use of the information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time of use. Whenever we make a change, we will post the updated policy at this site and we encourage you to check our policy periodically. By using our website following the posting of a change in the privacy policy, you consent to the updated policy. If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy, please contact us:
Email: tieguys@vineyardvines.com
Phone: 1-800-892-4982
Fax: 1-800-892-3606
Shop by category
