Last updated date: January 6, 2016
Hi Visitor! Those of us at Wandoo Reader take privacy seriously. You should not disclose any information online to anyone that can be used to identify you without your parent's or guardian's consent.
At Wandoo Reader, we do not collect any information that can be used to personally identify you outside of Wandoo Reader (which we call the "Website") without your parent's or guardian's consent. Below is some additional information on what information we do collect and how we contact your parent or guardian.
BY USING THE WEBSITE (OR IF YOU ARE A PARENT OR GUARDIAN -- BY PERMITTING YOUR CHILD TO USE THE WEBSITE), YOU AGREE TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE, DO NOT USE OR ALLOW YOUR CHILD TO USE THE WEBSITE.
Wandoo Reader is owned and operated by Evanced Solutions, LLC.
Notice to Parents and Guardians Regarding Access:
The Website collects personal information from users under 13 years of age only after consent is given for such collection in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). No personal information (as defined by COPPA) will be collected before consent is given except enough information required to send parents or guardians a notification of your child's request to register with Wandoo Reader. Any information collected from your child to register with Wandoo Reader is used only to notify you that your child has joined the Wandoo Reader library program.
Since a child's Wandoo Reader account is tied to your child's local library, we need to collect a sufficient amount of personally identifiable information about your child to allow your library to identify your child and track their reading and award prizes.
As a result, if your child wishes to use Wandoo Reader, we will send you notice.
If you are a parent or guardian you may access the information we have regarding your child, request that we cease collecting or using your child's information, or request that we delete your child's information and account at any time. You may do so by contacting Evanced Solutions, LLC., the owner and operator of Wandoo Reader and this website, by email at support@wandooreader.com or post.
Evanced Solutions, LLC
Indianapolis, IN 46202
If you have questions about COPPA or kids' internet safety generally, visit http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/topics/kids-online-safety .
Does this Privacy Policy change?
We may need to change this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will notify you at the email address you provide during registration and will place a notice on the Website. If the changes are minor they will be effective once we post them. For major changes, we will give you as much advanced notice as possible notifying you by email before the changes are made. You can request we close your account. If you continue to use the Website or allow your child to do so following the effective date of changes, you are agreeing to those changes.
Non-US Users
WANDOO READER IS PROVIDED BY EVANCED SOLUTIONS, LLC, WHICH IS A LIMITED LIABILITY COMPANY BASED IN THE STATE OF WISCONSIN. ANY INFORMATION COLLECTED IN THE APPLICATION DESCRIBED BELOW WILL BE MAINTAINED BY US AT EVANCED SOLUTIONS, LLC WITHIN THE UNITED STATES. IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES, YOU UNDERSTAND YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE TRANSFERRED AND MAINTAINED IN THE UNITED STATES.
PRIVO-Cert™ Safe Harbor Certification Program
Evanced Solutions, LLC is a Member of the PRIVO's PRIVO-Cert™ Safe Harbor Certification Program ("the Program"). As a participating member in the Program, Company name adheres to the strict information collection, use and disclosure requirements set forth by the Program. PRIVO is an independent, third-party organization committed to safeguarding children's personal information collected online. PRIVO aims to help parents and their children exercise control over personal information while exploring the Internet. The PRIVO certification seal posted on this page indicates that Evanced Solutions has established COPPA compliant privacy practices and has agreed to submit to PRIVO's oversight and consumer dispute resolution process. If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us at support@evancedsolutions.com . If you have further concerns, you can contact PRIVO directly at privacy@privo.com .
So what information do we collect?
Registration Information
If you want to use the features of Wandoo Reader, we need you to register so we can give you an account and save your reading list, which will be available to your library.
We first need you to provide us with your parent or guardian's email address. We will communicate with your parent or guardian to let them now that you have requested to register with us and to identify the information that you provided to us. We will also use this information to communicate any updates to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service with your parent or guardian.
We will collect your first name, last name, grade, school, date of birth and gender. We will also need you to select a user name that will be displayed to you within the Website and a password. This information is not used to contact you outside the Website. It is only used to allow us to operate the Website and allow you to use the Website, but will be shared with your local library.
Analytics
We use a third party, Google Analytics, to collect information about your use of the website. We track data about traffic to the Website and your visit to and experience on the Website, which information we use to improve the Website structure and content. This third party is prohibited from sharing user data. For more information on Google Analytics click here: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
IP Addresses
We log your IP address (which tells us what computer you are using) for systems administration purposes to assist with the internal operations of the Website. IP addresses are not used to track your session. This information only helps us determine how often different areas of our site are visited. We do not link IP address to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies
We use persistent cookies to track how you use the Website and to personalize your experience on the Website. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. For example, by showing when and how you and others visit the App, cookies help us to see which pages of the Website are popular and which are not.
Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you (or your parent) can disable this function so that your browser will not accept cookies. Please be aware that disabling this function may impact your use and enjoyment of the Website.
How do you use the information you collect?
Information that we collect on Wandoo Reader is not shared with any other user at this time. However, the information is made available to the local library that is running your reading program using the Wandoo Reader application. Your local library has an administrative account with Wandoo Reader to monitor the reading progress of the children registered with Wandoo Reader and affiliated with that library. We have no oversight, responsibility or liability for any use of any information by your local library.
We use your email address to notify you that your child has requested to register with Wandoo Reader. We also use your email address to let you know of changes to Wandoo Reader and its policies.
We use the cookies to recognize you when you come back so that your reading list is available to you.
We do not sell, rent or loan any of your personally identifiable information to any third party.
We may use and share aggregated information that does not identify you when it enables us to improve and enrich the Website. We may also use aggregated information from the Website for research and other educational and statistical purposes.
We also have the ability to use and share your information in the event we believe doing so is necessary to operate the Website or where such disclosure may be required by law, or to protect you or Evanced's right or the rights of others.
What if my mom or dad doesn't want me to visit Wandoo Reader?
When we notify your parent or guardian, they may decide that they don't want you spending more time on the internet to visit us. While we would miss helping you explore new reading opportunities, if they tell us that you can't register with us or request that we cancel your account so you can't visit us any more, we will delete your information as well as your parent or guardian's information.
Who owns the information you collect?
Evanced maintains full rights to any information collected on the Website, and may freely collect, use and disclose such information unless prohibited by this Privacy Policy or applicable law. In the event of a change in control, merger, sale or reorganization of Evanced, any information owned by or in the control of Evanced may be transferred to the other party, who will comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Is my information safe?
We limit access to personally identifiable information about you to our employees and who we reasonably believe need to have access to your information to allow us to operate the Website.
The Website has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, but we do use on Wandoo Reader industry standards, such as Secure Socket Layers ("SSL") technology, to help safeguard against such occurrences. In certain areas, the information passed between your browser and our system is encrypted with SSL technology to create a protected connection between you and the Website to ensure confidentiality. In the event that a breach into our security systems occurs and there is a possibility that an unauthorized person acquires your personal information, we will notify you of such a breach as required under applicable law.
How do I access the information you have?
If you want to review, access or change your personal information (or that of your child) in our records, please contact your local library running the Wandoo Reader application or use the Parent Portal application at Parent Portal.
Internet Safety
The Website may link to, or be linked to, other websites not maintained by or related to those of us on Wandoo Reader. The internet links lots of different websites that are all maintained and provided by different people. Those of us at Wandoo Reader can't control what other websites do or what information they collect. You should never disclose your name or address or other information that identifies you or what you look like to anyone online without asking your parent or guardian. You should always check for a privacy policy on any website you visit.
Do Not Track
Wandoo Reader does not currently recognize any "do not track" signals. We currently do not participate in any ad network that tracks users over different websites.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@wandooreader.com or by post.
Evanced Solutions, LLC
Indianapolis, IN 46202
Toll Free: 888.519.5770
