INTRODUCTION
The protection of your privacy and personal information is important to Cirque du Soleil. In this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), you will find information regarding how we collect, use and otherwise process your personal information.
This Privacy Policy applies to the website www.cirquedusoleil.com as well as all related Cirque du Soleil websites, mobile applications and services that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the “Website”) unless we have posted a specific privacy policy to a particular website or service. In that case, that specific privacy policy will apply.
Moreover, when you use the Website, you also have responsibilities which are outlined in the Terms and Conditions section of the Website. We recommend that you consult these Terms and Conditions prior to using the Website in order to inform yourself of your obligations.
This Privacy Policy covers all personal information that we collect, use and otherwise process when you interact with the Website or with us. All personal information will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy and with applicable laws, which can vary depending on your country of residence. If you do not agree with any provisions or changes to this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.
Personal information is collected, held and more generally processed by Cirque du Soleil Canada Inc., having its international headquarters in Montréal (Québec), Canada, H1Z 4M6 ("we", "our" or "us").
For legal residents of the European Union, note that the processing of your personal information is founded on at least one of the following legal bases:
You have consented to the processing activity;
The processing activity is necessary for compliance with one or more legal obligations;
The processing activity is necessary for the performance of a service you have requested;
The processing activity is necessary for one or more of the following legitimate interests pursued by us, our affiliated entities and/or a third party:
To better understand our customers’ interests and preferences by analysing, profiling and monitoring their behaviour on the Website in order to globally improve the Website, our products and services;
To offer you an optimal customer experience, namely by tailoring the Website, our products and services (including advertisements and e-mails) to your interests and preferences;
To ensure the proper functionality and security of the Website.
These processing activities benefit both us and you without undermining or overriding any of your rights, interests or fundamental liberties.
Note that when the processing of your personal information is based on consent, you can withdraw such consent at any time by contacting us .
 
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
We collect personal information under the circumstances listed below. In certain circumstances or for certain purposes, providing your personal information is voluntary (for example, when you sign up to Cirque Club). However, in other circumstances, providing your personal information is mandatory and we may not be able to provide you with the services or products requested if you choose not to provide such information. For example, if you purchase a ticket online, some personal information is needed to be able to send you the ticket.
We collect your personal information in the following circumstances:
When you sign up to Cirque Club;
When you buy a ticket or other products;
When you interact with the digital content on the Website;
When you participate in a contest and/or a survey;
When you send us an inquiry or otherwise communicate with us;
When you apply for a job;
When you provide us with your personal information while onsite at an event, such as when you log in to the Wi-Fi network;
When you post comments on the Website;
When you choose to give us permission to access your information from third party websites (for example, by linking to social media networks like Facebook).
 
WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
Under the circumstances listed in the "How We Collect Information" section of this Privacy Policy, the following information may be collected:
Personal Information
To facilitate reading, the expression "personal information" is used throughout this Privacy Policy. For interpretation purposes, this expression shall have the meaning set forth in the legislation that is applicable to you. For instance, for legal residents of the European Union, “personal information” shall be read throughout this Privacy Policy as “personal data” as defined under the General Data Protection Regulation. In any case, we treat any information that makes it possible to identify you as an individual as personal information. For example, we consider your given name, surname, date of birth, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, mobile number, as well as any information that is considered personal information under applicable laws to be personal information.
We collect and process the following categories of personal information:
Contact information, such as your given name, surname, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address;
Economic information, such as financial information that may be provided in connection with our services (including to purchase tickets to shows, to purchase gift cards);
Login information, such as the ID and password you use to connect to your account on our Website;
Interests and preferences information;
Any other information that you provide directly and voluntarily, including any message you send to us by e-mail and/or by contacting our customer service.
Information Collected Automatically (‘usage information’)
We, as well as third-party advertisers, service providers and content providers, may use a variety of cookies and similar tracking technologies (“Cookies”) that automatically collect certain Website usage information whenever you visit or interact with us ("usage information”). Usage information may include without limitation your information about your browser, operating system, all of the areas within our sites and e-mails that you visit, including content that you browse, and the time of day, among other information. Usage information may also include your IP address or other unique identifier ("device identifier") for the particular device you use to access the Website. A device identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer, mobile phone, or other device used to access the Website and our servers identify your device by its device identifier. Subject to applicable laws, some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access our Website.
Some usage information may be considered as personal information under certain laws, such as the IP address under the laws applicable in the European Union. To the extent that we combine usage information with your personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy.
Cookies can be used by us and by third parties for analytics purposes and to send you interest-based advertisements. Please read our Cookie Policy to learn more about the type of technology used, the type of information collected, why it is collected, how it is used and how you can manage your preferences regarding the use of such technologies (including how you can opt-out of certain behavioural ads).
Information about someone else
If you submit information on behalf of another individual (for example a friend, a family member, a member of a tour group you are organizing), you must ensure that you have his/her consent to share his/her personal information with us and you confirm that you have this consent.
Children’s Information
 
We collect and process personal information to:
Manage the account creation process on the Website and, more generally, manage your personal account;
Deliver the services you have requested and/or the tickets or other products you have purchased through the Website;
Design, maintain, analyze, manage, improve, market and provide products and services via the Website;
Help us perform transactions and verify your identity with the transaction you have requested;
Respond to your inquiries;
Organize contests and other promotional activities;
Contact you in connection with shows for which you have purchased tickets (including notifying you of postponed or cancelled shows);
Communicate with you about changes to our policies;
Send you a customer satisfaction survey after you have attended one of our shows, where permitted under applicable laws or with your consent (if required);
Understand your needs and interests and provide you with optimal services and personalized advertisements, services and products by performing profiling, where permitted under applicable laws or with your consent (if required);
Improve the Website performance, respond to your requests regarding the Website, remember your Website preferences/settings;
 
DIRECT MARKETING AND PROFILING
When we send or display personalised communications or content, we may use some techniques that qualify as “profiling” (i.e. any form of automated processing of personal information consisting of using the aforesaid information to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, for example to analyse or predict aspects concerning that person’s personal preferences, economic situation, interests, behaviour, location or movements).
More particularly, we may collect personal information about you in the different scenarios mentioned above, centralize this information and analyse it to evaluate and predict your personal preferences and/or interests. Based on our analysis, we then send or display communications and/or content tailored to your specific interests/needs.
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
 
SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
For the purposes outlined in the Privacy Policy, we may share your information with other companies in the Cirque du Soleil Entertainment Group as well as with the different third parties listed hereafter, which may be located all around the world:
Service providers: Your personal information may be shared with third parties acting on our behalf or for us, such as ticket distributors, payment processors, data processors, hosting service providers, technical systems consultants and marketing agencies;
Promotional partners: We may share your personal information with third parties who may associate themselves with us for the presentation of our shows or for any other activity, such as contests, games, sweepstakes or other promotions;
Other parties with your consent: If you have expressly provided your consent to receive information from other third parties that are not included in this list, we will share the personal information that you have provided with such third parties. Your personal information may then be used by such third parties in order to provide you with offers, products, promotions and services related to their respective activities or for any other purpose you have consented to;
Business transaction: We reserve the right to transfer your personal information without seeking your express permission in the event of a business transaction such as a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets. In doing so, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your personal information continues to be used in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy;
Legal or administrative bodies: We may share your personal information with third parties (including legal or administrative bodies, governmental authorities, jurisdictions) if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce this Privacy Policy, to detect or prevent fraud, security or technical issues or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request.
Please note that once we share your personal information with an individual member of the Cirque du Soleil Entertainment Group or with a third party, it may become subject to such individual member’s or third party’s privacy practices unless it is specifically provided for that the present Privacy Policy applies. Please note that we make commercially reasonable efforts to have your personal information used by such individual members and third parties in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
 
STORAGE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
 
PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURITY
 
RETENTION PERIOD
We will retain your personal information only as long as is necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or for a longer period if required or permitted under applicable laws.
 
RECRUITMENT INFORMATION
If you submit your information, including your résumé, through the Cirque du Soleil “Jobs” section of the Website, the following processing activities may be performed and additional conditions shall apply:
We may use any information that you provide via the Website to consider a possible employment opportunity and/or employment consideration or respond to your inquiry.
We may provide the information to third parties who work with us and who might consider you for employment or be able to respond to your inquiry;
We may contact former employers and/or references and/or verify information you provided, with or without (where permissible under applicable local laws) providing advance notice to you; and
 
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM CIRQUE CLUB
 
UNSUBSCRIBE FROM PROMOTIONAL E-MAILS
 
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
As permitted under applicable laws, you may exercise the following rights with regards to the personal information we hold about you:
Right to access your personal information: You have the right to access and obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you (subject to certain restrictions);
Right to rectify your personal information: You have the right to have your personal information rectified if it is incorrect or outdated and/or completed if it is incomplete. To correct your personal information, please contact us . If you have an account with us, it may be easier for you to correct your own information via your online account;
Right to have your personal information deleted: In some cases, you have the right to have your personal information erased or deleted. This is not an absolute right, as we may have legal or legitimate grounds for retaining your personal information;
Right to object to the processing of your personal information: Where the processing of your personal information is based on a legitimate interest, you have the right to object to its processing;
Right to restrict the processing of your personal information: The processing of your personal information can be restricted, in which case we will store it accordingly, but will not use it or process it further. This right applies in the limited circumstances set forth in the General Data Protection Regulation;
Right to the portability of your personal information: You have the right to receive a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and/or to request its transfer from our database to another service provider. This right is limited to personal information that you have provided, where processing is based on a contract or your consent, and where the processing is carried out by automated means; and
Right to withdraw consent at any time for data processing based on consent: The withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent prior to its withdrawal.
You may contact us at any time to exercise the above rights. Before granting your request, we may require that you confirm your identity to us. Your request may be accepted or denied on the basis of any applicable laws.
 
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Legislation in California provides that California residents are entitled to know how we respond to “Do Not Track” browser settings. If activated by you, these settings send a special signal to the websites you encounter indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. We do not respond to Do Not Track signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will describe how so in an updated version of this Privacy Policy.
 
CONTACT US
All inquiries about our Privacy Policy may be sent to our Data Protection Officer at privacy@cirquedusoleil.com or by mail to the attention of the Data Protection Officer, Legal Department and at the following postal address:
Cirque du Soleil
8400, 2nd Avenue
