Who leaves ratings and reviews?
Ratings and reviews are provided by customers who have either purchased a vehicle or visited a dealership for service.
How are ratings and reviews collected?
Customers are invited to participate in a survey administered by MaritzCX, an independent, third-party supplier.
Can dealerships edit or remove reviews?
No. Ford personnel and/or dealership personnel cannot modify or remove reviews.
Are reviews modified or monitored before being published?
MaritzCX moderates public reviews to ensure they contain content that meet Review guidelines, such as:
‣No Profanity or inappropriate defamatory remarks
‣Fraud
‣No Personal Identifying information (e.g., customer phone number or email)
‣No Competitor references (e.g., another brand or dealership)
‣Dangerous behavior (e.g. threatening to harm employees or others)
‣Lack of adequate text (e.g., symbols, emoji’s and random letters)
Reviews on the product and not the customer’s Sales or Service experience
Ford.com and Owner.Ford.com Privacy Statement
 
1. General Statement:
 
2. Information About Our Organization and Website and General Data Collection Practices:
 
Ford.com
 
 
 
Owner.Ford.com
 
 
Online Tracking Information
 
 
 
See Sections 5 and 7 for more information.
3. Personally Identifiable Information We Collect From You:
 
Ford.com - Saving Content
 
Ford.com - Creating Login Credentials
 
Owner.Ford.com
 
 
 
 
 
 
4. How We Use the Personally Identifiable Information We Collect:
Personally identifiable information collected on this site may be used to:
Fulfill a site user request (e.g., create log in credentials, brochure fulfillment, send marketing or promotional materials including e-mails, service rebates, price quotes, sweepstakes entries, save or share content)
Fulfill and deliver an order for goods or services such as, if equipped, a Vehicle Health Report, SYNC Services, software downloads, or Ford Extended Service Plan
Respond to your comments or requests for information
Meet a request for or to develop new products or services
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Develop new and improved products, services and marketing
Contact you if necessary in the course of processing or shipping an order for products or services
Generate site analytics that improve our site layout, content, product offerings and services
Compile user data that is stored in our corporate database; for site visitors in the U.S. this data may be used for marketing and other purposes
Match personal data collected here with data about you that we collect through other sources
Comply with legal requirements 
5. Other Information We Collect From Site Visitors:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6. How We Use Site Usage Information:
Site usage information collected on this site may be used to:
Compile aggregate and statistical data to help in website design and to identify popular features
Measure site activity to allow us to update our site to better meet user wants and needs
Provide you content that may be of interest to you based on pages visited and items viewed
Make the user experience more customer friendly
Develop new and improved products, services and marketing
 
We also use site information for the purpose of performing analytics on the user’s experience while visiting this site. This analysis:
Is performed on an aggregate level
May involve the use of a third-party vendor acting on behalf of this site
May be combined with data collected by third parties on other sites and apps and across devices
Is performed in order to improve our website and the user experience
 
7. Methods to Collect Information:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Interest-Based/Online Behavioral Advertising
 
 
Opting out
 
 
 
2. Opting out of in App interest-based advertisements. iOS and Android mobile device users, and possibly users of other mobile devices, may control in App advertisements by disabling or resetting the mobile device advertiser ID. Below are links to instructions for controlling advertising IDs on iOS and Android devices.
 
 
 
 
8. Sharing Your Information:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
800-232-5952 (TDD for the hearing impaired)
Available Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. EST and Saturday, 9:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. EST
Mailing Address
 
 
 
 
10. Security of Your Information:
 
 
Vendors are not permitted to use this information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for this site.
11. Processing of Personal Data:
 
12. Links to Other Sites:
 
 
 
 
 
 
14. Contacting Us:
 
800-232-5952 (TDD for the hearing impaired)
Available Monday-Friday, 8:00 a.m. - 8:00 p.m. EST and Saturday, 9:00 a.m. - 5:30 p.m. EST
Mailing Address
Ford Motor Company
Customer Relationship Center
P.O. Box 6248
Dearborn, MI 48126
 
15. Privacy Statement Effective Date and Revision Days:
 
The effective date of this privacy statement is July 9, 2018.
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California’s "Shine the Light" law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2018 will receive information regarding 2017 sharing activities).
To obtain this information on behalf of Ford Motor Company’s Ford and Lincoln U.S. operations please send an email message to calprivy@ford.com with "Request for California Privacy Information" on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response.
Please be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the "Shine the Light" requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.
For an explanation of our privacy practices please review our privacy statement by clicking the "Privacy" link on our home page.
close
Save
Share
Download
Your browser is not supported
Click one of the below icons to start the browser download.
@
Please select a carrier.
Thank you.
By entering your mobile phone number, you expressly consent to receive a text message on your mobile phone. Standard messaging and data plan rates may apply.
Welcome A/Z Plan Participant
Now you can view exclusive price savings on our Build & Price shopping tool.
Note: A/Z Plan pricing information is not available on all Ford websites. In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for A/Z Plans. Also, some dealers may choose not to participate in A/Z Plan pricing. Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the program and final vehicle pricing.
What happens if I close this site before I'm finished?
If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the A/Z Plan Pricing website to ensure that all eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the A/Z Plans, please refer back to your A/Z Plan Pricing website for complete details.
A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply. See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this plan at any time.
Welcome X-Plan Participant
Now you can view exclusive price savings on our Build & Price shopping tool.
Note: X Plan pricing information is not available on all Ford websites. In addition, some vehicles, trims or options you select may not qualify for X Plans. Also, some dealers may choose not to participate in X Plan pricing. Contact your local dealer to determine their level of participation in the program and final vehicle pricing.
What happens if I close this site before I’m finished?
If you close your window or tab, you must re-access the site through the X Plan Pricing website to ensure that all eligible plan pricing is visible. If you need additional information concerning the X Plans, please refer back to your X Plan Pricing website for complete details.
A/X/Z Plan pricing, including A/X/Z Plan option pricing, is exclusively for eligible Ford Motor Company employees, friends and family members of eligible employees, and Ford Motor Company eligible partners. Restrictions apply. See your Ford or Lincoln Dealer for complete details and qualifications. Ford Motor Company reserves the right to modify the terms of this plan at any time.
