Welcome to our Online Community
Please enter your username and password below. If you do not have a username and password, click "New user registration" to register.
Consent
Please let us know if or how we should contact with you in the future.
privacy policy.
UC Alumni Mobile App & Directory Privacy Policy & Terms of Use
The University Cincinnati’s UC Alumni mobile app and directory (the ‘Service’) is the property of the University of Cincinnati. The Service is intended for official use by University of Cincinnati alumni to stay connected to the university and other alumni.
Privacy Policy
The University of Cincinnati (UC) believes that your personal information belongs to you. We collect this information when you provide it to us, but do not sell, rent  or otherwise disclose of personal information to third parties with the exception of  UCAA ‘Partners’  including but not limited to, Nationwide Insurance and USI Affinity. We may, however, disclose your personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law.
Personally Identifiable Information
This application requires UC alumni to authenticate official UC alumni status by providing UC credentials along with certain types of personally identifiable information. Once authenticated, users have the ability to limit the amount of personal identification information displayed within the directory, including but not limited to full name, phone number, email address, mailing address, professional information, etc., as disclosed within the directory. Alumni may update any of this information at any time by accessing their personal profiles by clicking the “privacy” link, or equivalent, in the navigation menu.
Directory Profile Information
Directory profiles, as displayed in the alumni directory, feature information alumni may wish to share with other alumni. First Names, Last Names, colleges, majors and UC graduation years of all UC alumni will automatically be displayed. However all UC alumni will have the opportunity to update and add more information to their profiles, or to opt out of the directory completely. 
Use and Sharing of Information
UC is committed to ensuring your privacy. However, the university may release personal information if required to do so by law, university policy, or contractual obligation.
When you provide us with personal data, we may use that information in the following ways: provide you with UC news and events, including such things as upcoming reunions, newsletters, fundraising events, donor recognition, and progress on recent fundraising campaigns; process credit card information to properly bill your account (when applicable); and contact you for purposes connected to UC or our relationship with you.
UC may use or disclose information that identifies a specific user in response to a user’s request for, or use of, services provided through UCAA or the UC Foundation. As part of those services, UC may provide the opportunity for users to select specific areas of interest in order to receive news and marketing materials related to those interests. Users are given an opportunity to opt-out of mailings.
Links to Other Sites
Our directory and applications may contain links to other sites. UC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Terms of Use
Eligibility of Use
The University of Cincinnati (UC) Alumni mobile app and alumni directory services are available free of charge to UC alumni, and are subject to the terms set forth in these Terms of Use (the ‘Policy’). By using the services, you accept and agree to the terms. UC reserves the right to modify the services, and your continued use of the services, after modifications, indicates your acceptance of the modification and the applicability of the policy. UC assumes no responsibility for any aspect of these services, including but not limited to the timeliness, deletion, mis-delivery, or failure to store any user communication. The University may choose to allow access to the services to non-University entities at its sole discretion in order to perform approved University-related functions.
Rules for Online Conduct
You agree to use these services in accordance with the Policy, that you (and not UC) shall be responsible for any information, data, text, music, photographs, etc. (‘Content’) that you post, email, or otherwise transmit through use of the Service, and you additionally agree that not to: (i) impersonate any person or entity or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your professional or other affiliation with any person or entity; (ii)  disrupt others’ normal use of the Service; (iii) post or transmit any Content that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other proprietary rights of any party; (iv) post, transmit, or in any way exploit any information, software or other material for commercial or political purposes or which contains advertising, including but not limited to ‘junk mail’ or ‘pyramid schemes’, or any other form of solicitation; (v) use the Service to collect or store personal data about other Users; (vi) attempt to access or access another user’s account; and (vii) interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service, and/or the use of other service providers, or not adhere to or abide by any policies, procedures, or regulations of networks connected to the Service.
You agree that you will not use the Service, including the information provided herein and all related equipment, networks and network devices for any unlawful purpose. UC reserves the right to determine whether any information transmitted, collected, or received violates this provision. You understand that UC has no obligation to monitor, and does not pre-screen Content. However, UC has the right (but not the obligation) to refuse to post or remove any Content, in whole or in part, that in UC’s sole and absolute discretion is objectionable or in violation of this Agreement. Please see UCAA’s full  Web, Social, Mobile Guidelines and Terms of Use.  
Commitment to Data Security
The University of Cincinnati is dedicated to preventing unauthorized data access, maintaining data accuracy, and ensuring the appropriate use of information. We strive to put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial safeguards to secure the information we collect online. These security practices are consistent with the policies of the university and with the law and regulatory practices of the State of Ohio.
Termination of Services
You agree that UC, in its sole discretion, may terminate your password, account or use of the Service, for reasons including, but not limited to, the improper use of the Service and violation of the Policy. You agree that any termination of your access to the Service may be effected without prior notice, and acknowledge and agree that UC may immediately deactivate or delete your account and all related information in the Service. 
$Other
Amount
Cincinnati, OH 45219-0024
513-556-4344 (main line)
877-4-UC-ALUM (toll free)
Sign Up For Email
You'll get timely updates on news, events and more from the UC Alumni Association.
Let's Connect
Have an idea for a story? Have exciting news you'd like to share? Send it to us or join the conversation.
© University of Cincinnati Alumni Association.
