ShareTweet
Naturally, Medical Jane has to collect information from its users to help figure out what trends are happening and what content is most popular. After all, it is our goal to provide the ultimate community for medical marijuana patients and cannabis activists.
Users may connect with their Facebook accounts to enjoy a better viewing experience and exclusive content. Medical Jane will not share this information with anyone and your name is only visible to you; displayed in the top right hand corner of the website when you login.
Email & Newsletter
We will never send e-mails to users who do not opt-in personally by signing up themselves. Medical Jane will frequently prompt users to join our mailing list. This is to help grow our user base with like-minded people who want more than just a website to inform them.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Medical Jane uses cookies to track visitors, their usage of the Medical Jane website, and their browser preferences. If you wish to avoid Medical Jane using cookies, you can set up your browser to decline (or refuse) the cookies before using the Medical Jane website. Please note however that this may affect your experience on Medical Jane website and cause some things to function incorrectly.
Terms of Service
Medical Jane has laid out all of the terms of service for users that use the Medical Jane website. Our goal is to be 100% transparent and provide a trustworthy community for medical marijuana patients and cannabis activists to learn and share their stories.
Subscribe
There was a problem subscribing, please try again later.
Sign-up to receive the latest medical cannabis research, news, and special offers straight to your inbox.
By subscribing I agree to the Privacy Policy
Sign me up!
Learn
Whether you are a new or experienced cannabis consumer, Medical Jane’s step-by-step patient guides will help you find your optimal dosage and delivery method to achieve optimal results using medical cannabis.
There was a problem subscribing, please try again later.
Sign-up to receive the latest medical cannabis research, news, and special offers straight             to your inbox.
By subscribing I agree to the Privacy Policy
Sign me up!
Useful Links
Share
Log in to your account
You're almost home.
[[notice]]
We noticed an account already exists with that e-mail.                             Please log in to continue.
The email and password you provided is                             incorrect.
There was a problem logging in to our system.                             If problems persist, please contact us .
Log in
No worries, we can reset it.
You should receive an email shortly with instructions on how to                                 reset your password. You may return to this screen after the process is completed.
The email you provided is taken by another                             user.
There was a problem creating an account. If                             problems persist, please contact us .
Already have an account? Login
Register
Close
