 
 
 
 
 
On these websites.
In e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and these websites.
When you interact with our affiliated companies, registration sites, or websites of Pathways products through our websites, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy (as they may be governed by their own privacy policies)
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy (as they may be governed by their own privacy policies).
 
 
 
 
 
a. by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, social media profile or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information");
b. that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as IP address; and/or
 
 
 
i. Information that you provide by filling in forms on our websites. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our websites, registering for an assessment, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our websites.
ii. Records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact us.
iii. Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.
 
 
 
i. Details of your visits to our websites, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites.
 
 
 
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our websites according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
 
 
 
 
 
 
a. To present our Websites and their contents to you.
b. To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
c. To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
d. To provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
e. To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection.
f. To notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide through it.
g. To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites.
h. In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.
i. For any other purpose with your consent. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
To contractors and service providers that we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To affiliated third parties to provide their products or services to you if you have requested their services through us. We contractually require these third parties to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. 
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information with your consent.
 
 
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
 
 
 
a. Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
d. the right to restrict processing;
e. the right to object to processing;
f. the right to data portability;
g. the right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
h. the right to withdraw consent.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2. the categories of personal data concerned; 
3. the recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations; 
 
2. the right to request erasure of personal data when: 
a. the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed; 
b. you withdraw consent and where there is no other legal ground for the processing; 
c. you object to the processing  for direct marketing purposes; 
d. the personal data have been unlawfully processed;  
e. the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject. 
3. the right to restriction of processing of personal data, or to object to such processing, when; 
a. you contest the accuracy of the personal data, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data; 
b. the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead; 
c. we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you require us to retain it for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims; 
d. you have objected to processing,  pending the verification whether the our legitimate grounds override your data concerns. 
e. the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; 
f. the right to request information as to the source of your data, where you did not provide the personal data; 
 
You shall have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have you the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us (or have us transmit that data with your permission). 
Copyright © 2017 ERB. All Rights Reserved.
Connect With Us:
