Privacy Policy
Your privacy is critically important to us. At 2017 Discount Apps Inc., we have a few fundamental principles:
We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can't stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
We don't store personal information on our servers or the offsite servers of the third party service providers we use to provide our core services unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.
In our social networking and mobile application products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted.
Below is our privacy policy which incorporates these goals:
2017 Discount Apps Inc. operates several websites including 2017 Discount Apps Inc. (collectively, the "Websites"), as well as a number of mobile applications on behalf of our customers (collectively, the "Applications"). It is 2017 Discount Apps Inc., policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our Websites and Applications.
Website Visitors and Application Users
2017 Discount Apps Inc., collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., ' purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how 2017 Discount Apps Inc., ' visitors use its Websites and Applications. From time to time, 2017 Discount Apps Inc., may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its Websites or Applications.2017 Discount Apps Inc., also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Such information can include location data and information of end users. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites and users of 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Applications choose to interact with 2017 Discount Apps Inc., in ways that require 2017 Discount Apps Inc., to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that 2017 Discount Apps Inc., gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a social network at 2017 Discount Apps Inc. to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with 2017 Discount Apps Inc., – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, 2017 Discount Apps Inc., collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor interaction with 2017 Discount Apps Inc., 2017 Discount Apps Inc., does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. Visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Website-related and Application-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
2017 Discount Apps Inc., may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its Websites and users of its Applications. For instance, 2017 Discount Apps Inc., may monitor the most popular social networks on the 2017 Discount Apps Inc. site. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, 2017 Discount Apps Inc., does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
2017 Discount Apps Inc., discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on 2017 Discount Apps Inc., behalf or to provide services available at 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites and Applications, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. For instance, 2017 Discount Apps Inc. uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, data storage, and related technology required to run the services available at 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites, and Applications. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites and Applications, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, 2017 Discount Apps Inc., discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when 2017 Discount Apps Inc., believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of 2017 Discount Apps Inc., third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites or Applications and have supplied your email address, 2017 Discount Apps Inc., may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what going on with 2017 Discount Apps Inc., and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor computer, and that the visitor browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., uses cookies to help 2017 Discount Apps Inc., identify and track visitors, their usage of the 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites, and their website access preferences. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites, with the drawback that certain features of 2017 Discount Apps Inc., Websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our Websites or Applications may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by 2017 Discount Apps Inc., and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Age Limitation
Our Websites and all Applications promulgated through it, are not directed to or should be available to children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect any kind of personal data from children under 13 years of age. If we become aware of such data collection, we will immediately delete such data. If any parent or guardian learns or otherwise becomes aware of a child under 13 years of age using the Platform or otherwise providing personal information, please contact us.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, 2017 Discount Apps Inc., may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in 2017 Discount Apps Inc., ' sole discretion. 2017 Discount Apps Inc., encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a 2017 Discount Apps Inc. account, you should also check your social network dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Note: This Privacy Policy document is available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license. This document is derived from the original work by  Automattic  , San Francisco, California, authors of the world famous  Wordpress.com .
