Updated: October 1, 2015
We at CARE are grateful to all of our supporters including donors who help us do our work.  We believe that transparency with our supporters enhances the quality of our programs, accountability, and the trust placed in us. As such, we would like to share how we collect and use your personal information and how we intend to respect your privacy preferences.
By accessing our website and/or submitting your personal information to us, you are agreeing that: (1) you will abide by the practice described in this Policy, and (2) CARE may use the information in accordance with this Policy. Further, if you reside outside the United States, you understand and agree that your personal information may be processed in countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND WHY
The information we may collect includes information you provide us directly, as well as information provided by third parties or automatically through your use of our website. This information enables us to improve our work, communicate with you about our programs, respond to your inquiries and provide support, fulfill your requests and donations, and for other donor service purposes. We also use information to improve our understanding of your interests and better tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, such as newsletters or other information we think may interest you.
Information We Collect Directly From You. Personal information collected may include your name, postal address, telephone number(s), email address(s), or other information. We also request that you provide us with additional personal information, such as credit card information, on our online donation pages to properly enable donation transaction processing.
Information We Collect Automatically. We may automatically collect the following information about your use of our website through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time and number of times you visit our site and or use our services; and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our site, and the following: access time, browser type, device ID, domain name, IP address, page views, pages visited and referring URL.  We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you, including, where applicable, your user name, name, and other personal information  For more information, please review “ Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms ” for more information.
 
CARE’S INFORMATION SECURITY MEASURES
When you donate to CARE online, your credit card information is secured by an independent security company. Also, your credit card number is used only for that particular transaction and is not stored. You will see the "closed" lock symbol in the lower part of your browser screen (often times it is yellow as well) when you are on our secure donation pages. You will also notice in your web site(s) address bar that the domain name starts with an "https" on those donation pages. This means that information entered on those pages is encrypted for your security. This actually makes it more secure than using a credit card in physical form at a store for example. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. 
 
We may share your information, including personal information, as follows:
Social Media Users:
We invite you to post content on our social media services, including your comments, pictures, and any other information that you would like to be available. If you post your own content, your posting may become public, and we cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this Policy, the law, or your personal privacy.  We have no control over how any social media service uses or discloses the personal information it collects about you. For information about how they may use and disclose your information, including any information you make public, please consult their respective privacy policies.
Third-Party Websites:
Our website and social media posts may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices or content of these other websites.
Other Users:
Your user name and any information that you post to our website or social media services, including, without limitation, reviews, comments, and text will be available to, and searchable by, all users of the site or service.
Affiliates:
We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information will be subject to this Policy.
Service Providers:
We may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors, or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
Other Organizations: 
CARE may rent or exchange names, postal addresses, and telephone numbers to other organizations.  If you do not want us to share your personal information with third parties who may use such information for their own independent purposes, you may call us at 1-800-422-7385, or email us at info@care.org . 
Business Transfers:
If we establish a new related entity, are acquired by or merged with another organization, or if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another organization, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other organization.
In Response to Legal Process:
We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
To Protect Us and Others:
We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
Aggregate and De-Identified Information:
 
Email Opt-Out Procedures:
We may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you. You may opt-out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the e-mail. Please note that it may take up to 10 business days for us to process opt-out requests. If you opt-out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you e-mails about your account or any services you have requested or received from us.
Update Profile Information:
CARE may offer the ability for you to modify personal information that you have submitted by logging into your account and updating your profile information. In such case, please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Site for a period of time.
Mailing List:
If you give a gift to CARE your name and address will be placed on our physical mailing list for mail updates. If you do not wish to receive physical mail from CARE you may call us at any time at 1-800-422-7385, or  email us at info@care.org , to be removed. 
Questions or Complaints:
 
CHILDREN UNDER 13
 
SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
 
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
 
CARE is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization (EIN/tax ID number: 13-168-5039).
To donate, please call us at 1-800-521-CARE within the U.S. (24 hours) or +1-404-681-2552 (M-F, 8:30 a.m.-6:00 p.m. ET). 
CARE is a nonprofit 501(c)(3) public charity (tax ID# 13-1685039).
Quick Donate:
