What you should know about our new privacy statement
Next week, we’ll be introducing some important updates to our privacy statement . Sonos owners and anyone who visits our website will be asked to acknowledge this new policy when we update our software and systems in the coming days. The new privacy statement covers what information we collect, how we use it, and the choices you can make about both.
We use the data you share with us to improve your listening experience. For example, the information we collect allows us to understand your system’s performance so we can make improvements to Sonos software and keep it secure. The data also makes tools like Trueplay tuning possible, so your speakers sound great in every room. And as we introduce new ways for you to control Sonos, like with your voice and via music service apps and smart home integrations, the data you provide makes these experiences seamless.
When it comes to using your information, our principles are simple. We will be transparent about what data we’re collecting and why. We will protect your data as though it is sacred. And we will not sell your data. We’ve never sold it before, and we won’t sell it in the future.
The updates to our privacy statement make it easier to understand than the previous version. The new statement also better reflects current and future Sonos experiences. When making these changes, we took the time to work with experts in the privacy community to understand best practices and make sure the language we chose was clear, future-fit, and avoided as much confusing legal jargon as possible.
Before we ask you to acknowledge the changes in a few days, we’re sharing the new statement with you in advance so you have time to read it, understand the details, and ask us any questions.
The changes in this update fall into three main areas, each of which is designed to enhance your experience and decrease the time it takes to get to the music.
What Sonos hears, records and keeps
First, you’ll notice that we’ve added a section on what it means if you choose to enable a voice assistant to control your Sonos system when that becomes available in your country. It’s no secret that we’ve been working on this for some time, and we want to make sure we’re preparing you well in advance of this addition. The most important thing for you to know is that Sonos does not keep recordings of your voice data. It goes to the voice assistant service (for example Amazon) that you’ve activated on your Sonos system. We’ve also included information on how our Trueplay technology analyzes your room to optimize how your product produces sound, if you choose to use it.
Sharing data with our partners
Because Sonos is a platform that partners with streaming services and other home devices, we do share some data with our partners that is necessary for making the partner service work on Sonos and providing a quality experience. When information is shared, it will be with a product or service you have requested or authorized. We’ve included this information in past versions, but in the current version we’re much more specific and clear about what information we are collecting and sharing with these partners.
Improving the customer experience
And lastly, we will begin to collect some basic information about your Sonos system, like error information and audio settings, so we can proactively work to identify issues before they become problems. By sharing this information with us, we are able to continually improve your experience.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information that you decide to share with us. If you have any questions, please check out our FAQ or reach out to us at privacy@sonos.com .
Sincerely,
Exclusive events and announcements.
By signing up here I agree to receive Sonos’ email newsletter and special promotional offers.
GO
