Legal Notice
The Freesound.org web portal - https://freesound.org - (hereinafter "Freesound") is managed by the Music Technology Group at Universitat Pompeu Fabra, Barcelona, Spain Universitat Pompeu Fabra (“UPF” or “WE/US”) domiciled at Plaça de la Mercè, 10-12, Barcelona, Spain, with tax number (CIF) Q-5850017-D. Freesound uses our own and third-party tracking and analytical cookies in order to improve our service and for Research and Development purposes.
What is a cookie?
A cookie is any type of file or device that is downloaded to the terminal equipment of a user in order to store data (typically your internet browser). This data can be updated and retrieved by the entity responsible for your installation, but cannot read data from the hard drive.
What kinds of cookies are accepted by me in order to use Freesound?
We use cookies to enable recognition of the users only when they have been registered so that they do not have to register each time they visit or access areas or services that are reserved exclusively for them (session management). They also provide other information like the date and time of the last visit the user made to the website and the content selected in browsing.
Besides session management cookies, we also set Google Analytics cookies for registered and unregistered users. The analytical cookies allow the owner to follow the behaviour of web users to whom they are linked. The information gathered through such cookies is used for measuring the activity on the web site or platform and for analysing user browsing behaviour and usage, in order to make improvements based on the analysis of data of users who use the service. These are the only cookies that involve third parties (Google).
This is the full list of cookies set by Freesound:
CSRF for cross site forgery protection (for more information, please see https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/dev/ref/contrib/csrf/ )
Session ID cookie (to detect your user login)
A “last visited Forum” cookie to provide a colour coded view of non-read posts
Google analytics (more information below)
Google Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., a Delaware company whose main offices are located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, United States ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies." These are text files which are located in the computer to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie regarding use of the website by the user (including the IP address) is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information on our behalf in order to keep track of your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when required by law or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. All website visitors may refuse the processing of the data or information by rejecting the use of cookies. This can be done by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website visitors consent to the processing of data about them by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above.
For more information, please consult:
Withdrawing consent
To use the Freesound site and service, you must accept our Cookies Policy (as our cookies are an inseparable part of the service). If you do not accept this use, or want to withdraw your consent to this Cookies Policy, be aware that you should not re-use our website after completing the process of withdrawal of the consent, as the cookies will be stored again (unless blocked by you in your browser).
To withdraw your consent to this Policy Cookies
First, if you have registered, you must unregister from the services of Freesound by cancelling your user account. You can do that via your user settings page or by contacting us via this web form .
You must delete the cookies stored on your computer/smartphone (PC or others) through the configuration and settings of your Internet browser.
There are available instructions about how to configure the way that cookies works and how to delete the cookies for these browsers (which are the most used) Chrome / Chrome, Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox or Safari. If you use other programs you should consult the help documentation for each browser.
Others
If you want to gather more information about the cookies that we use on this website, you can contact us via this web form .
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. By browsing our site you agree to our use of cookies.
For more information check out our cookies policy .
Ok
