Find support and help support others on NAMI's message boards.
Public Policy
Public policy makes a difference in the lives of both the people living with mental health conditions and the people in their lives. Changes in policy can mean better outcomes. Our advocacy efforts have led to many victories including:
Securing better funding for research.
Protecting access to treatments and services.
Attaining mental health parity to ensure that mental illness is treated equally to physical illness in most insurance plans.
But we still have work to do, and we need your help. Learn about mental health advocacy. Talk to your neighbors, friends and family about why these issues are important. Find out how you can get involved with your local NAMI's advocacy efforts. 
To learn more about NAMI's stance on advocacy and public policy issues that affect adults and children living with mental illness and their families, read the  NAMI Public Policy Platform  (PDF).
Find your local NAMI
Family Education and Support
Family support and education is fundamental to the well-being of children, youth, young adults and adults who live with mental health conditions.
Jailing People with Mental Illness
In a mental health crisis, people are more likely to encounter police than get medical help. As a result, 2 million people with mental illness are booked into jails each year. 
Medicaid
Many states cover a broad array of community mental health services and supports in their Medicaid programs that are rarely, if ever, covered by private insurance.
The ACA allows states to expand Medicaid eligibility to uninsured adults and children whose incomes are at or below 138% of the federal poverty level (FPL).
Mental Health in Schools
School personnel are in a key position to identify the early warning signs of an emerging mental health condition and to link students with effective services and supports.
Mental health screening is essential to early identification and intervention of youth living with mental health conditions.
Parity for Mental Health Coverage
Parity for mental health coverage helps ensure that people get the treatment they need from their health insurance.
Violence and Gun Reporting Laws
Most people with mental illness are not violent. In fact, people with mental illness are more likely to be the victims of violence.
Trademarks
The following are trademarks of NAMI: NAMI, NAMI Basics, NAMI Connection, NAMI Ending the Silence, NAMI FaithNet, NAMI Family & Friends, NAMI Family Support Group, NAMI Family-to-Family, NAMI Grading the States, NAMI Hearts & Minds, NAMI Homefront, NAMI HelpLine, NAMI In Our Own Voice, NAMI On Campus, NAMI Parents & Teachers as Allies, NAMI Peer-to-Peer, NAMI Provider, NAMI Smarts, NAMIWalks and National Alliance on Mental Illness. All other programs and services are trademarks of their respective owners.
×
