PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date – This Privacy Policy is effective and was last updated on April 22, 2016.
oscER respects and values your privacy. Any personal information provided is only used for the purpose of delivering a more personal experience. oscER strongly recommends that you add a passcode to your device to further enhance your privacy.
Please read this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) carefully to understand how NAMI San Diego, the Technology Empowerment Institute, the County of San Diego (collectively referred to herein as “NAMI San Diego” or “we”) uses and protects the information provided to NAMI San Diego by any individual person or entity who accesses, uses or registers to use NAMI San Diego oscER (collectively referred to herein as “you” or “your”). This Privacy Policy applies to the NAMI San Diego oscER mobile application and any variations or successors to it, any NAMI San Diego computer software or applications downloadable or otherwise available from NAMI San Diego and any services provided by NAMI San Diego (the “App”).
This Privacy Policy applies to you and is part of the Terms of Service Agreement (“TOS”) of the App.
All the Personal Information that you provide through the Software is subject to and governed by this Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy may be updated.
The access, usage, and registration of the App is subject to the TOS and this Privacy Policy and indicates your agreement and acknowledgement to be bound by them.
Information Collected Automatically – When you access or use our App, we automatically collect the following information about you: information about your use of the App, including the operating system version of your phone, type of phone, access times, IP address.
Use of Information – We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:
Provide, maintain and improve the App;
Send you notices, updates, confirmations, and support;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our App and improve and personalize the App;
Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service.
Protection for Children – NAMI San Diego does not seek to collect and has no intention of collecting personal information from individuals under the age of 18. Where appropriate, we take reasonable measures to inform children not to submit such information to our site. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Sharing of Information – We may share aggregated, de-identified non-personal information or non-personal about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With other users of the App (including some whom may not be your contacts) by providing them with your usage behaviors;
We may also share information about you as follows:
With subcontractors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of NAMI San Diego assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;
To investigate suspected fraud, harassment, physical threats, or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Software rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct we deem improper;
Analytics Services Provided by Others – We may allow third parties to provide analytics services to us. These entities may use cookies and other technologies to collect information about your use of the App, including your IP address, time spent on content, and Linked Services. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand your online activity.
Retention of Personal Information – NAMI San Diego will only retain personal information about you for as long as it is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
Modifications and Updates – We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. However, if at any time we plan to use personal information in a way that differs from this policy, we will post such changes here. Your continued use of the App following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy periodically to stay informed about our practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
 
 
DONATE
