Sign up for offers
A.C. Moore Privacy Statement
This Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement” or “Statement”) explains information we collect from you and how we use it. We may collect this information online, such as on our website, www.acmoore.com, or via social media, or offline, such as when you visit A.C. Moore stores (collectively, “A.C. Moore Sites”). By using the A.C. Moore Sites or otherwise providing us with your information, you consent to and agree to be bound by this Privacy Statement.
I. Types of Information We Collect
 
 
 
 
 
 
Content You Provide to Us: We collect additional content that you voluntarily provide us, such as content you submit when entering a sweepstakes or promotion, information you send us when you contact us via email, or questions and information you provide us for customer support.
You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide data that is necessary to provide a service, you may not be able to use some features or services.
II. Information Collection Practices
We collect personal information from a variety of sources, both online and offline. When you visit A.C. Moore Sites, for example, with the help of our third party authorized agents, we may collect your personal information as described below:
A. Passive Collection
We may collect information passively, while you are visiting or interacting with A.C. Moore Sites. We call this “passive” collection since you may not know that this data is being collected when you visit or interact with A.C. Moore Sites. This information may consist of the following items: website visitors’ IP address, IP address-related information, system Media Access Control address, network configuration information, network device information, browser plug-in type. and versions, and operating system.
 
 
Other Sources: We may collect your personal information from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, and social media platforms. If you elect to connect your social media account, we may also receive your personal information from social media platforms. The purpose of this data collection is to optimize your experience on A.C. Moore Sites, to ensure we are partnering with third parties that offer products and services that are of interest to you, to facilitate a transaction or fulfill the terms of an agreement, or to ensure that the advertisements offered to you are relevant.
B. Direct Collection
We also collect information from you directly, at the time that you supply data to us via A.C. Moore Sites. This information may be collected in the following instances:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Job Application: If you submit a job application on our careers site, we ask that you register and create an account and request that you provide us with extensive information for the purpose of assessing your employment application. This information includes name, contact information, job preferences, educational history, employment history, personal references, and other hiring-related information.
The above list provides examples of how and when we may collect personally information about you from A.C. Moore Sites. If you do not want us to collect your personally information, please do not provide it to us.
III. Use of Information
We may use the information we collect from you for the following purposes:
 
 
Advertising, Marketing, and Promotions: We may use your data for generating web analytics to compile user data for marketing purposes, advertising, conducting marketing analysis, providing you with recommendations for products or services based on your profile, and promotional material planning and distribution.
IV. Information Sharing and Disclosure
 
 
 
To maintain A.C. Moore Sites and provide other administrative services. We may share personal information with our website hosting partners, and other third parties who assist us in operating and improving our website or conducting A.C. Moore business. We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personal information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible. Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer A.C. Moore Sites will have access to users’ personal information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information, please do not register or submit any personal information to us.
To comply with the law, to enforce our website policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. We may disclose your information to comply with the law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary. We may do this to conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of A.C. Moore, A.C. Moore Sites, or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our employees and customers.
To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets. We might sell or buy online stores or other assets, which could include information about customers. In the event that our company or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets.
 
V. Updating and Deleting Your Information
You can update, change, or delete certain personal information (such as your email address, mailing address, and payment method) on A.C. Moore Sites by logging into your account and clicking “My Account” in the menu at the top of each page of the website.
VI. Opt-Out
We may send you communications or information regarding the A.C. Moore Sites and our products and services. For example, we may use your email address to confirm your request, to send you payment notices, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, users cannot opt-out of these communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional.
Some communications may be more commercial in nature, as they may advertise a new product or service, or a new feature of the A.C. Moore Sites. We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link in email communications or by contacting us. We will process your request as soon as possible, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed.
VII. Information Security
We have various security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of the information you provide us. For example, we utilize access controls in handling your personal information and we encrypt and tokenize your credit card information.
We store your data on servers located within the United States, but we may choose to utilize storage technology that take advantage of global servers. We retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate business purposes, such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements.
We may use third party security products and services to secure your personal information.
VIII. Children’s Information
A.C. Moore Sites are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children, and none of the A.C. Moore Sites are designed to attract children. In the event that we learn that a person under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, we will delete such personal information. We require that you be 13 years of age or older to register for shopping at our website, to download our mobile apps, or participate in the A.C. Moore Rewards program.
IX. Third Party Websites and Advertisers
A.C. Moore Sites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We may also use advertisers, third party ad networks, and other advertising companies to serve advertisements on A.C. Moore Sites. Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to A.C. Moore Sites or other sites (such as through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you, to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered. If you would like to learn more about this practice, and know your choices with respect to it, please visit here .
PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH THIRD PARTY SITES AND ADVERTISERS.
X. DISPUTES AND AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE
By using A.C. Moore Sites, you and A.C. Moore agree that, if there is any controversy, claim, action, or dispute arising out of or related to your use of A.C. Moore Sites, or the breach, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of this Statement or any part of it (“Dispute”), both parties shall first try in good faith to settle such Dispute by providing written notice to the other party describing the facts and circumstances of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond to or settle the Dispute.
Notice shall be sent:
A.C. Moore Inc
130 AC Moore Drive
Berlin, New Jersey 08009
Attn: Chief Administration Officer
(2) to you at: the contact information on file with A.C. Moore.
Both you and A.C. Moore agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent that must be satisfied before initiating any litigation or filing any claim against the other party.
IF ANY DISPUTE CANNOT BE RESOLVED BY THE ABOVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURE, YOU AGREE THAT THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION FOR SUCH DISPUTE WILL BE DECIDED BY BINDING ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS MEANS THAT YOU WILL NOT HAVE, AND YOU WAIVE, THE RIGHT FOR A JUDGE OR JURY TO DECIDE YOUR CLAIMS, AND THAT YOU MAY NOT PROCEED IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED, OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY. Other rights that you and we would have in court will not be available or will be more limited in arbitration, including discovery and appeal rights. All such Disputes shall be exclusively submitted to Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. for binding arbitration under its rules then in effect in the New Jersey area before one arbitrator to be mutually agreed upon by both parties.
The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court or agency, shall have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute arising under or relating to the interpretation, applicability, enforceability, or formation of this Statement, including any claim that all or any part of this Statement is void or voidable.
XI. Choice of Law
This Statement has been made in and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New Jersey, without giving effect to any conflict of law principles.
The parties acknowledge that this Statement evidences a transaction involving interstate commerce. Notwithstanding the provision in the preceding paragraph with respect to applicable substantive law, any arbitration conducted pursuant to the terms of this Statement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act (9 U.S.C. §§ 1-16).
XII. Your California Privacy Rights and Do Not Track Disclosures
A.C. Moore does not support Do Not Track browser settings and does not currently participate in any “Do Not Track” frameworks that would allow us to respond to signals or other mechanisms from you regarding the collection of your personal information. Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding A.C. Moore's disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us at the address provided in Section XIV, below.
XIII. Changes to Our Privacy Statement
We may amend this Privacy Statement at any time. When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of the statement. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Statement, we will notify you by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take effect or by directly sending you a notification. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement for changes to our practices relating to personal information.
Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our transmittal of the e-mail containing such notice will nevertheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.
In any event, changes to this Privacy Statement may affect our use of your personal information that you provide us. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes.
XIV. How to Contact Us
 
 
 
