IDX Broker Privacy Policy
IDX considers customer privacy to have utmost importance. IDX will never share your phone number, email, or any other personal information with any third-party service as described in the following Privacy Policy.
Third-Party Opt-Out
If you choose not to opt-out of third-party tools, using application-based settings, and visitors to these pages agree to provide third-parties with their personally identifiable information, you implicitly agree that third-party services may retain personally identifiable information as per the third-party providers’ own privacy policy terms.
Log Files
Like many other websites, IDX makes use of log files, which include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, Internet Service Providers (ISP), date/time stamps, referring/exit pages and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the sites and demographic information. IP addresses and other such information do not link to any personal information.
Cookies and Beacons
IDX uses cookies and beacons to store information about visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit and customize web page content based on visitors’ behavior. IDX reserves the right to retain any other information provided through IDX or partner cookies and beacons. IDX has no obligation to share this information with clients directly, although IDX may make available some information collected by cookies and beacons through the client’s own dashboard.
If you or your website visitors wish to disable cookies or beacons, you may do this through your individual internet browser options. You can find information about a specific web browser’s cookie management at the browser’s website.
Legal Requirements
By using IDX Services, you acknowledge and agree that IDX may access, preserve, and disclose your account information and any Content associated with that account if law or a good faith belief in the reasonable necessity requires such access preservation or disclosure to: (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce the Terms, including investigation of potential violations, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues (including, without limitation, the filtering of spam), or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of IDX, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.
You understand that the technical processing and transmission of IDX Services, including your Content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks, devices or services.
LOVING the upgraded product! I am seeing rankings, traffic and incoming calls increase already. Thank You!
Ken Jansen, REALTOR®
LOVING the upgraded product! I am seeing rankings, traffic and incoming calls increase already. Thank You!
Ken Jansen, REALTOR®
Content © 2018                        IDX, LLC,
