Scope of this Policy
Car Throttle Ltd. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the carthrottle.com website, the Car Throttle mobile applications (the “Service”) and the Car Throttle Shop (the “Shop) at shop.carthrottle.com.
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions .
Definitions
Service
Service means the carthrottle.com website, the Car Throttle mobile applications (the “Service”) and the Car Throttle Shop (the “Shop) at shop.carthrottle.com.
Personal Data
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
Usage Data
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
Data Controller
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.
For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
Data Processors (or Service Providers)
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.
We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
Data Subject (or User)
Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.
Subscriber
Information Collection And Use
We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.
Types of Data Collected
Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact, identify you (“Personal Data”) or for you to create a personal profile, post content and share it with other Subscribers. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
•    Email address
•    Display name
•    Cookies and Usage Data
We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).
This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.
Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.
Additionally when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Shop, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information (including credit card numbers, PayPal accounts), email address, and phone number. We refer to this information as “Order Information”.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Examples of Cookies we use:
• Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
• Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
• Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.
• Advertising Cookies. Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.
Use of Data
Car Throttle Ltd. uses the collected data for various purposes:
•    To provide and maintain our Service
•    To notify you about changes to our Service
•    To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
•    To provide customer support
•    To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
•    To monitor the usage of our Service
•    To detect, prevent and address technical issues
•    To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
•    To generally fulfill any orders placed through the Shop (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations). Additionally we use this Order Information to communicate with you, screen our orders for potential risk or fraud and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, to provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services
Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Car Throttle Ltd. legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.
Car Throttle Ltd. may process your Personal Data because:
•    We need to perform a contract with you
•    You have given us permission to do so
•    The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
•    To comply with the law
Retention of Data
Car Throttle Ltd. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
Car Throttle Ltd. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
Transfer Of Data
Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Car Throttle Ltd. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure Of Data
Business Transaction
If Car Throttle Ltd. is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.
Legal Requirements
Car Throttle Ltd. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
•    To comply with a legal obligation
•    To protect and defend the rights or property of Car Throttle Ltd.
•    To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
•    To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
•    To protect against legal liability
Security Of Data
The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Personal Information that Car Throttle collects is stored on cloud-based servers (which may be located outside the EEA). We implement and maintain adequate security measures to protect such information stored on our servers and seek to comply with all local rules in respect of storage of data. Car Throttle also seeks to collect no more Personal Information from Subscribers than is required for the purpose for which it is collected. This, in turn, helps reduce the total risk of harm should data loss or a breach in security occur.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Car Throttle Ltd. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.
If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:
The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.
The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Car Throttle Ltd. relied on your consent to process your personal information.
Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
Analytics
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers outside the EEA. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Service, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
Advertising
We may use third-party Service Providers to show advertisements to you to help support and maintain our Service. You can change your preferences regarding Advertising Cookies at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 16 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.
We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.
You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
Change Your Cookie Settings
What kind of cookies would you like to accept?
Required cookies (these cookies are required to enable core site functionality)
Functional cookies (these cookies allow us to analyse site usage so we can measure and improve performance)
Advertising cookies (these cookies are used by advertising companies to serve ads that are relevant to your interests)
Contact Us
Car Throttle Ltd, as identified at the top of this Privacy Policy, is the data controller regarding all personal data processing carried out through the Service.
To get in touch with Car Throttle Ltd regarding personal data matters, please contact: support@carthrottle.com
Privacy Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy was last changed in May 2018. If Car Throttle makes changes to the Privacy Policy, the new version will be posted on the Service. Car Throttle may change this Privacy Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless stated otherwise.
Sign in to your Car Throttle account
Before you sign in
Please confirm you agree to the use of tracking cookies as outlined in the Cookies Policy .
I agree
