Introduction
Amica Mutual Insurance Company and our subsidiaries and affiliates, including Amica Life Insurance Company, Amica General Agency, LLC and Amica Property & Casualty Insurance Company (collectively “Amica” or “we”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Online Privacy Policy (this “Policy”).
This policy describes
the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.amica.com, or any other website or mobile application published by Amica (collectively, the “Services”)  
our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information
your choices regarding the collection, processing and sharing of your Personal Information. 
This policy applies to information we collect through the Services.
This Policy does not apply to information collected through any third-party websites or mobile services, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Services, or that you may submit through email, text or other electronic message, or offline.
Please read this Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is to not use the Services. By accessing or using the Services, you agree to this Policy. This Policy may change from time to time (see  Changes to This Website Privacy Policy ), and the current effective date is set forth at the top of this Policy. When possible, we will provide you with advance notice of our changes to the Policy, and we will not make retroactive changes that reduce your privacy rights unless we are legally required to do so. Your continued use of the Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check this Policy periodically for updates.
Amica uses and discloses Nonpublic Personal Information we receive from our customers in accordance with the Amica Privacy Notice , whether that information comes from the Services, or any other means. The information contained in this Policy is in no way intended to amend, abridge, replace, contradict, change or otherwise affect the policies outlined in the Amica Privacy Notice.
Information We Collect
We collect various kinds of information that you provide to us as well as information we obtain from your use of the Services. Some of the types of information that we collect include:
“Personal Information.” Information associated with or used to identify or contact a specific person. Personal Information includes: (1) contact data (such as email address, telephone number and employer); (2) demographic data (such as gender, date of birth and ZIP code); (3) certain Usage Data (defined below), such as IP address; and (4) Location Data (defined below).
“Nonpublic Personal Information.” Certain Personal Information, including but not limited to the information listed below, is characterized as Nonpublic Personal Information and subject to stricter regulation than other personal information:  
Your name;
Your address;
Your email address;
Your policy number;
Information related to a claim;
The type of vehicle you drive or information about other drivers in your home; or
Information about your home.
Before providing it to us, we urge you to carefully consider whether or not to disclose your Nonpublic Personal Information. If you do provide Nonpublic Personal Information to us, you consent to its use and disclosure for the purposes and in the manner described in our Privacy Notice .
“Usage Data.” Information about an individual’s online activity that, by itself, does not identify the individual, such as:
technical information, including your browser type, service provider, IP address, UDID or other unique device identifier, operating system, device functionality and characteristics, and webpages visited; 
information about what you’ve searched for and looked at while using the Services, and time of day and other information about your visit and searches; 
metadata, which means information related to items you made available through the Services, such as the date, time or location that a shared photograph or video was taken or posted. 
Generally, we do not consider Usage Data to be Personal Information because Usage Data by itself usually does not identify an individual. Personal Information and Usage Data may be linked together, however, and such combined information may be considered Personal Information. Different types of Usage Information also may be linked together and, once linked, may identify an individual person and be considered Personal Information. Additionally, some Usage Data may be Personal Information under applicable law.
“Location Data” is a category of Personal Information collected about the location of a mobile device or computer, including:
the location of the mobile device or computer used to access the Services derived from GPS or Wi-Fi use; 
the IP address of the mobile device or computer or internet service used to access the Services; or
other information made available by a user or others that indicates the current or prior location of the user, such as information that you or others post indicating your location and geotag information in photographs. 
How We Collect Information
Whether we collect certain types of information and how we process it depends on how you use and access the Services. Some information is collected automatically through use of cookies and similar data collection tools. We collect information about you in the following ways: 
From You. We collect information from you when you:
Use the Services. We collect information, including Personal Information and Usage Data (which is defined below) from you when you:
Obtain a quote;
Manage your account;
Pay your bill;
Connect with social media though the Services; or
Contact us for help or information or otherwise voluntarily provide your information.
From Your Social Media. The Services may offer you the ability to use Facebook Connect or other social media services (collectively, “social media”) in conjunction with certain Services. When you access the Services through your Facebook or other Social Media account, the Services may, depending on your privacy settings, have access to information that you have provided to the Social Media platform. We may use this information for the purposes described in this Policy or at the time the information was collected.
From Our Business Partners and Service Providers. Third parties that assist us with our business operations also collect information (including Personal Information and Usage Data) about you through the Services and share it with us. For example, our vendors collect and share information with us to help us detect and prevent fraud.
We may combine the information we collect from you with information from other sources and use the combined information as described in this Policy.
Tracking Technologies. We also automatically collect Usage Data when you interact with the Services, using various methods and technologies (“Tracking Technologies”). We use Tracking Technologies to help improve your experience with the Services. For example, Tracking Technologies help us remember users and make the Services more relevant to them.
Cookies. We, along with the service providers that help us provide the Services, use “cookies,” which are small computer files sent to or accessed from your web browser or your computer’s or tablet’s hard drive. Cookies contain information about your computer, such as a user ID, user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using the Services. Cookies are not themselves personally identifiable, but may be linked to Personal Information that you provide to us through your interaction with the Services. A cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier.
Cookies help us improve the Services by tracking users’ navigation habits and storing users’ password, customizing users’ experience with the Services; enabling us to analyze technical and navigational information about the Services; and helping to detect and prevent fraud.
Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in the pages and messages of the Services. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a page or email can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for many purposes, including without limitation, to count visitors to the Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, to count the number of emails that were opened or the number of articles or links that were were viewed.
Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
Browser Fingerprinting. This technology involves the collection and analysis of information from your device, such as, without limitation, your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts and other data, for purposes of identification.
ETag, or Entity Tag. A feature of the cache in browsers, ETag is an opaque identifier assigned by a web server to a specific version of a resource found at a URL. If the resource content at that URL ever changes, a new and different ETag is assigned. Used in this manner, ETags are a form of device identifier. ETag tracking may generate unique tracking values even where the consumer blocks HTTP, Flash, and/or HTML5 cookies.
Recognition Technologies. Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., a user of multiple devices in the same user).
Location-identifying Technologies. Additionally, the Services may use GPS (global positioning systems) software and other location-based technologies such as iBeacons to verify your location, deliver relevant content based on your location, and allow you to share your location with other users of the Services. In addition, you may be able to send your location information via the Services to other users. You should consider the pros and cons of disclosing your location information to us and to other people. If while using the Site, you request that your location information be revealed to others, you will be provided options for managing sharing services, which may be through third-party services such as Twitter and Facebook. We are not responsible for the acts, omissions or policies of such third parties.
Web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org. Some web browsers (including mobile) have settings that allow a user to reject cookies or to alert a user when a cookie is placed on the user’s computer, tablet or mobile device. Most mobile devices also offer settings to reject mobile device identifiers. Although you are not required to accept cookies or mobile device identifiers, blocking or rejecting them may prevent access to some features available through the Services.
How We Use Your Information
We may use the information we collect for any of the following purposes:
to provide the Services to you;
to operate, improve and personalize the products and services we offer, and to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us; 
to store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize the Services according to your individual interests;
to speed up your searches;
to recognize you when you return to the Services;
for customer service, security, to detect fraud or illegal activities, or for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Services;
to communicate with users, for example, and including without limitation, to respond to a user’s inquiries about that user’s policies or claims;
to better understand how users access and use the Services, for the purposes of trying to improve the Services and to respond to user preferences, including language and location customization, personalized help and instructions, or other responses to users’ usage of the Services;
to help us develop our new products and services and improve our existing products and services; 
to provide users with advertising and direct marketing that is more relevant to you;
to enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; and 
to assess the effectiveness of and improve advertising and other marketing and promotional activities on or in connection with the Services, and to tailor advertisements you see on other websites and mobile apps. 
Please note that, to provide you with a better experience and to improve the Services, information collected through the Services may be used in an aggregated or individualized manner.
Note that our use and disclosure of your Nonpublic Personal Information is described in our  Privacy Notice .
For example, Personal Information collected during use of one of the Services may be used to suggest particular content that can be made available to you on another of the Services or be used to try to present more relevant advertising in another of the Services.
How We Share and Disclose Your Information
We may share and disclose your information as described at the time information is collected or as follows:
In compliance with our Privacy Notice. As noted above, our use and disclosure of your Nonpublic Personal Information is described in our Privacy Notice .
Without restriction, for certain Usage Data. We may disclose Usage Data, including aggregate website Usage Data, without restriction.
To perform services. We may disclose Personal Information to third parties in order to perform services requested or functions initiated by users, such as to obtain your credit-based insurance score in connection with your application for our products and services. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information in order to identify a user in connection with communications sent through the Services. We also may offer users the opportunity to share information with friends and other users through the Services. 
With third-party service providers performing services on our behalf. We share information, including Personal Information, with our service providers to perform the functions for which we engage them (such as hosting and data analyses). We may share information as needed to operate other related services.
For legal purposes. We also may share information that we collect from users, as needed, to enforce our rights, protect our property or protect the rights, property or safety of others, or as needed to support external auditing, compliance and corporate governance functions. We will disclose Personal Information as we deem necessary to respond to a subpoena, regulation, binding order of a data protection agency, legal process, governmental request or other legal or regulatory process. We may also share Personal Information as required to pursue available remedies or limit damages we may sustain. 
In aggregated form. We may share Personal Information about you in an aggregated form—that is, in a statistical or summary form that does not include any personal identifiers—with third parties in order to discover and reveal trends about how users like you interact with our Services.
During corporate changes. We may transfer information, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, sale, acquisition or other change of ownership or control by or of us or any affiliated company (in each case whether in whole or in part). When one of these events occurs, we will use reasonable efforts to notify users before your information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
Information Storage and Security
We take the security of your information seriously. As such, we have implemented safeguards designed to protect information you transmit or provide through the Services.
We retain information as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. We also retain Personal Information from closed accounts to comply with applicable law, prevent fraud, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Terms of Use, collect any fees owed and other actions permitted by law. After it is no longer necessary for us to retain information, we dispose of it according to our data retention and deletion policies.
We employ industry-standard security measures designed to protect the security of all information submitted to, from or through the Services. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. As an added security measure, many features of the Services will require you to create a username, personal password, personal identification number (“PIN”), and other form of authorization involved in obtaining access to password protected or secure areas of any of the Services. However, you are responsible for keeping your username, password and PIN confidential.
The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we take measures to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to and from the Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for any circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Services.
SEE SECTION BELOW TITLED “EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS; CONSUMER PROTECTION NOTICE” FOR IMPORTANT LIMITATIONS ON THE TERMS OF THIS SECTION.
In order to protect you and your data, we may suspend your use of any of the Services, without notice, pending an investigation, if any breach of security is suspected. Access to and use of password protected and/or secure areas of any of the Services are restricted to authorized users only. Unauthorized access to such areas is prohibited and may lead to criminal prosecution.
Links to Third Party Services
The Services may contain links to third-party websites and services (“Third-Party Services”) with which we have no affiliation. A link to any Third Party Service does not mean that we endorse it or the quality or accuracy of information presented on it. If you visit a Third Party Service, you are subject to its privacy policy and practices, not to those of this Policy. We encourage you to carefully review the legal and privacy notices of all other digital services that you visit.
Your Rights to Access and Review Your Personal Information
It is important to us that you are able to access and review the Personal Information we have about you and make corrections to it or delete it, as necessary. You can visit your account to manage and correct the information we have on file about you. If you have any questions about how to access your Personal Information, please contact us at:
Amica Mutual Insurance Company
WebComments@amica.com
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information; Do-Not-Track
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to give you the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your cookies, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's  website . If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
Targeted Advertising. Third-party vendors may show Amica advertisements on third-party websites. These third party vendors use the website usage information we collect, including the cookies we place on your computer, to present these advertisements to you based upon your previous visits to the website.
We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's  website .
Except as stated in this Policy, we do not track your activity across third-party websites, and we do not knowingly allow other parties to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites when you use the Services.
Some browsers offer a “Do-Not-Track” option. Because the providers of Do-Not-Track and similar signals do not yet operate according to common, industry-accepted standards, we do not respond to those signals. For more information about Do-Not-Track, please visit https://allaboutdnt.com.
Amica may collect visitor data from Twitter for targeted advertising purposes. If you wish to opt out of Twitter's collection of remarketing data, click  here .
Children's Privacy
The Services are not intended for children under 18 years of age. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to or on the Services, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on the Services, register on the Services, make any purchases through the Services, obtain any quotes through the Services, file any claims through the Services, use any of the interactive features of the Services or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address or any screen name or username. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at  800-242-6422 .
Your California Privacy Rights
Under California’s Shine the Light law, California residents who provide personally identifiable information in connection with purchasing products or services from us may request a disclosure of what personally identifiable information, if any, we have shared with other businesses for their own direct marketing purposes. Such a request may be made by sending an email message to WebComments@amica.com with “Request for California Privacy Information” in the subject line. In response to such a request, we will provide information as required by the California law for the previous calendar year concerning such other businesses and the categories of personally identifiable information, if any, that we have shared with them.
Users From the EU and UK
If you are a user from the European Union or the United Kingdom, upon request, free of charge, you have the right to:
access and obtain a copy of the Personal Information we hold about you;
obtain information about the purposes for which we process your Personal Information and the categories of Personal Information concerned;
obtain information on the recipients or categories of recipients (including international recipients) to whom your Personal Information has been or will be disclosed;
transfer of your Personal Information from us to another data controller;
in certain circumstances, erasure of all Personal Information we hold about you;
lodge a complaint to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction in respect of our collection or use of your Personal Information; and
withdraw your consent to our collection, use, storage, and dissemination of your Personal Information at any time.
Please be aware that any request for withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of Personal Information collected, processed, and transferred prior to the date of such withdrawal of consent.
A request for any of the information above may be made by sending an email message to WebComments@amica.com with “Request for EU/UK Privacy Information” in the subject line.
Changes to This Online Privacy Policy
We may update this Policy from time to time. If we make material changes, we will post the new Policy on this page with a notice that the Policy has been updated.
Any changes to our  Privacy Notice  will be made in accordance with our Privacy Notice.
EXCLUSIONS AND LIMITATIONS; CONSUMER PROTECTION NOTICE
If you are a consumer, the provisions in this Policy are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of your State of residence. If you are a New Jersey consumer, the Section above titled “Information Storage and Security” does not limit or waive your rights as a consumer under New Jersey law. The provisions in this Policy are intended to be only as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the State of New Jersey. Amica reserves all rights, defenses and permissible limitations under the law of your State of Residence.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this Policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
100 Amica Way
Lincoln, RI 02865
