Last Revised: March 17, 2017
This Privacy Policy applies to Particle Media, Inc. (“Particle Media,” “We,” “Us,” or “Our”) and describes he collection, use, disclosure, and protection of information gathered through the Particle Media network of Web sites, including newsbreakapp.com, Web sites optimized for viewing on a wireless or tablet device, all e-mail newsletters published or distributed by us, (hereinafter “Web sites” or “Sites”) and through Particle Media published mobile applications, including the News Break, VideoSpot, AvocaVideo, VideoBuzz and In Now apps (hereinafter “Apps”) is defined under the terms of this policy. Particle Media is committed to protecting the confidentiality and security of information it collects through its Web sites and Apps. Please read the following carefully. Your use of the Web sites and Apps is governed by this Privacy Policy, along with Particle Media’s Terms of Use (available here: https://www.newsbreakapp.com/terms ).
By using our Sites and Apps, you are accepting the practices described in our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Sites and Apps. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice. Your continued use of our Sites and Apps following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we intend to apply the modifications or amendments to this Privacy Policy retroactively or to personal information already in our possession, we will provide you with notice of the modifications or amendments.
PERSONAL INFORMATION –COLLECTION, USE, OR DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
“Personal Information” means information that identifies you individually, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, financial account number, Social Security number, or Driver’s License number.
As a general matter, you can browse our Sites and use our Apps without submitting your Personal Information to us. However, there are some circumstances in which you may supply us or our agents with your Personal Information. The following lists the most common ways in which we may collect your Personal Information.
Registration for an account on the App or through the Sites
Registration for an event sponsored by Us
Profile information that You provide for Your user profile
Submitting an application to work with Us
Participation in surveys
Sign up to receive alerts or other information via email, text or instant message from Us
App or Site related communications, e.g. account verification; technical notification
We use your Personal Information we learn from you to help us personalize and continually improve your experience on our Sites and Apps. We may use your Personal Information in the following ways:
To communicate with you about your account or transactions with us (including service related announcements) and send you information about features and enhancements on our Sites and Apps
To communicate with you about changes to our policies
To personalize content and experiences on our Sites and Apps, including providing you reports, recommendations and feedback based on your preferences
To permit you to establish and update, edit, and manage your account and content on our Sites and Apps
To optimize or improve our products, services and operations
To automatically update the App on your device
To detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
To perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the App
LOCATION INFORMATION
We may collect and location information about you on the App and associated with your account that you volunteer on the App or enable through the App or your device. We will not collect any location information that you do not volunteer or enable. We will delete any location information that you request is deleted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do also collect and store your device’s source IP address which may disclose the location of your device at the time you access the App.
Specifically, we use your location information to:
Personalize content for you on our App, including providing you news, reports, recommendations and feedback based on your location
Optimize or improve our products, services and operations
Detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analyses of users of the App
NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
We collect Non-Personal Information, which, alone, cannot be used to identify you. Examples of Non-Personal Information include page views, unique views, average time on the Web site or using Apps, browsers, and operating systems.
Non-Personal Information is passively collected, which means that it is collected without you having to do anything, using the following tracking technologies:
Cookies
* “Cookies” are small text files that are placed on your browser, either for the duration of your Web site session (called “session” cookies) or more permanently (called “persistent” cookies). Anonymous identifiers are sometimes used in place of cookies on mobile devices which may not support cookie technology.
* You may opt to enable a feature on your browser that will erase cookies, block all cookies, or warn you before cookies are stored or exchanged. Please be aware, however, that some parts of the Web sites may no longer function properly if cookies are disabled.
Pixel Tags/Web Beacons and Web Logs
* Pixel tags, also known as web beacons, function similarly to cookies. A pixel tag is an invisible, one pixel-sized piece of code which transmits certain information to Our servers. They are placed on key pages, tools, and areas of the Web sites and Apps. When a visitor requests, visits, and/or clicks on anything that includes a pixel tag, the information about the visitor’s action is recorded in a web log.
Other Traffic and Usage Data Technology
Other technology that measures “traffic data” and log files that track browser information, device information, access times, software crash reports, and other non-identifiable usage data and performance data related to the Sites and Apps and usage of them.
We will use your Non-Personal Information in one or more of the following ways:
* To fulfill a request or provide you with services;
* In the aggregate to help us evaluate and modify existing services and to help us develop additional services that are likely to be of interest to our users;
* As necessary for the Web sites or Apps to function properly;
* To understand how people are using the Web sites or Apps;
* To improve user experience;
* To recognize repeat visitors and facilitate ongoing access to the Web sites or Apps.
MOBILE APPS
When you download or purchase an App you do so through a third party mobile application online store. You may be required to register with the mobile app store and be logged on before you can download or purchase an App. When downloading an App the app provider will typically collect certain device and app-related information.
Our Apps sometimes send push notifications, or notices of interest sent out to in the absence of a specific request, to your mobile device. In the event a Particle Media App uses push notifications, you are provided an opportunity to opt into receiving those push notifications. If you decline to accept push notifications, you will not receive push notifications, which means you may not receive the most current updates and features of the App.
Our Apps will collect precise information about the location of your mobile device,but you can opt-out by changing the settings on your mobile device. If you decline to share your location with the App, you may not receive the most accurate recommendations.
Our Apps do not collect the unique identification number assigned to your device by your operating system (sometimes called a UDID), or your contact list or address book, and do not collect any information on the contacts stored in your mobile device. This information will only be collected if it is necessary for the functioning of an App and will be disclosed to you prior to downloading the App.
You have choices when it comes to how Apps function on your mobile device. You may be able to:
* manage push notifications by using your built-in mobile device settings and controls;
* manage location information by using your built-in mobile device settings and controls;
* manage/restrict in-app purchases by using your built-in mobile device settings and controls;
* block navigation to the web by turning off network access on the device or turning off the browser.
Access to or availability of controls may vary depending on your device.
Social Network Log-In
You may use your Facebook log-in details to log-in to Our Apps. Facebook will share with Us, based on the Facebook privacy policy, the information available on your Facebook account, including, without limitation, your profile information, friends’ names, photos, privacy settings and certain other information that will be explained to you (and authorized by you) during the App’s log-in process. Please refer to the Facebook privacy policy and your privacy settings for more information. If you do not consent to this sharing, please do not log-in through Facebook.
CHILDREN’S PRIVACY
The Web sites and Apps offered are not directed at children who are under 13 years of age. It is Particle Media’s policy to require that individuals using the Web sites or downloading the App be 13 years of age or older.
DO NOT TRACK AND ONLINE BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
Particle Media works with various third party advertising networks to serve advertising on our Sites and in our Apps. Some of these advertising networks engage in interest based advertising or behavioral advertising, i.e. advertising that is served to you based on your past online behavior. These advertisements are not based on Your Personal Information.
Many of the third party advertisers that place tracking tools on our Sites and in our Apps are members of programs that offer you additional choices regarding the collection and use of your information. You can learn more about the options available to limit these third parties’ collection and use of your information by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance, as well as the webpages for Facebook’s ad preferences tool and privacy policy.
Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt-out of mobile app tracking by certain advertising networks through your device settings. For more information about how to change these settings for Apple, Android or Windows devices, see:
Apple: http://support.apple.com/kb/HT4228
Android: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
Windows: http://choice.microsoft.com/en-US/opt-out
Please note that opting-out of advertising networks services does not mean that you will not receive advertising while using our Sites and Apps, nor will it prevent the receipt of interest-based advertising from third parties that do not participate in these programs. It will, however, exclude you from interest-based advertising conducted through participating networks, as provided by their policies and choice mechanisms.
Your browser or device may include “Do Not Track” functionality. Because a “Do Not Track” compliance protocol has not yet been finalized, Our information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that we provide to users, will continue to operate as described in this privacy policy, whether or not a Do Not Track signal is received.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
Our Web sites and Apps may contain links to other websites and services. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party website or service is provided directly to the owner of the website or service and is subject to that party’s privacy policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to such websites or services and we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of those websites or services. To protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of other websites and services that you access.
SECURITY
We take reasonable measures to protect the information that we collect from or about you from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the Internet or storing information is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
TRANSFERRING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your information collected through the Sites and Apps may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which We, our clients, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Particle Media, our clients, affiliates, or service providers may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the United States or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from US law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. Wherever your personal information is transferred, stored, or processed by Particle Media, We will take reasonable steps to safeguard the privacy of your personal information. By registering for and using the Sites and/or Apps you consent to the transfer of information to the US or to any other country in which Particle Media, its clients, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.
KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION
Following termination or deactivation of your account, Particle Media, its clients, affiliates, or its service providers may retain information (including your profile information) for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. If you have any questions about termination or deactivation of your account, please contact us directly at privacy@________.com.
ASSIGNMENT
We may change our ownership or corporate organization while providing the Sites and Apps. We may also sell certain assets associated with the Sites and Apps. As a result, please be aware that in such event we may transfer some or all of your information to an entity acquiring all or part of our assets or to another entity with which we have merged. Under such circumstances we would, to the extent possible, require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time. Nevertheless, we cannot promise that an acquiring entity or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Privacy Policy.
OPTING OUT; CORRECTING INFORMATION
We believe you should have choices about the collection, use and sharing of your information. Although you cannot opt-out of all data collection when you visit our Apps and Sites, you can limit the collection, use and sharing of your personally identifiable information.
Collection of Personal Information. All personally identifiable information is provided on a voluntary basis. If you do not want us to collect such information, you should not submit it to the Sites or Apps. However, doing so will restrict your ability to access some content and use some of the functionality of the Sites and Apps.
Emails and Other Communications. If you would like to alter the type of communications you receive from us, including opting out of promotional communications from us, you may do so at any time by updating the communication preferences specified in your account profile through the Sites and Apps. Please note that this may affect your ability to access certain products and services, and we may continue to send non-promotional communications such as staffing confirmations, surveys, and other information about your use of the Sites and Apps. If you refer others to us using our email functionality, please note that they may choose not to receive any promotional emails from us in the future by following the opt-out instructions in the email invitation.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information. If you have an account with us, you may review and change your information by logging into your account and editing your profile. Be advised that we may not be able to delete your Personal Information without also deleting your user account. You will not be permitted to examine the Personal Information of any other person or entity and may be required to provide us with Personal Information to verify your identity prior to accessing any records containing information about you. We may not accommodate a request to change or delete Personal Information if we believe doing so would violate any law or legal requirement, or cause the information to be incorrect.
