Our Commitment To Privacy
The PhillyVoice website at phillyvoice.com (the “Website”), a leading provider of news and other information of interest to the Philadelphia community and beyond, is owned, operated, and provided by WWB Holdings, LLC (“WWB”, “we” or “us”). WWB recognizes and respects the importance of maintaining your privacy, and as a result, we have established this Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”).
This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Website, and describes our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing such information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect on the Website, and does not govern information collected from you in any other manner. The terms “you” and “your” when used in this Privacy Policy means any visitor to or user of the Website.
In viewing and using this Website, you understand that WWB may use your Personally Identifiable Information (as defined below) and other information collected subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, and you consent to (i) the terms of this Privacy Policy and (ii) to the collection and use of Personally Identifiable Information and other information collected by WWB pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
The Website Is Not Intended For Use By Individuals Under 13 Years of Age
No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under 13. If you are under 13, DO NOT: (i) use or provide any information on the Website or, on or through any of the features available on the Website; (ii) use any interactive or public comment features on the Website; or (iii) provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from an individual under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about an individual under 13, please contact us at: info@PhillyVoice.com
Our Collection of Information
“Personally Identifiable Information,” including, but not limited to, your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, may be collected by us through the Website, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, so that we can: (i) contact you to consider your application for a position with WWB; and (ii) communicate with you to provide you with relevant information about the Website, including special promotions. In all of these cases, we will collect Personally Identifiable Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us. Further, we may contact you based on the information you provide.
You have a choice as to whether to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information. By submitting Personally Identifiable Information through the Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you expressly consent to the processing of your Personally Identifiable Information according to this Privacy Policy, and you agree to the Terms of Use located at http://www.phillyvoice.com/terms-use (the “Terms of Use”).
Of course, you may choose not to provide certain information to us, but if so, you may not be able to participate in certain activities available at the Website.
When you provide a comment on the Website, your comment will be entered through a commenting platform provided by Disqus, Inc. (“Disqus”), a third party commenting platform.  You will need to register through Disqus to comment on an article through the Website and all comments entered onto the Website are subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the Disqus terms of use and privacy policy. You should familiarize yourself with the Disqus terms of use of privacy policy. The Disqus terms of use is found at: https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466260-terms-of-service . The Disqus privacy policy is found at: https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy .
We may process your information in the country where it was collected as well as other countries where laws regarding processing of information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.
Security of Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of Personally Identifiable Information, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the Personally Identifiable Information we collect online, and we make good faith efforts to store your Personally Identifiable Information in a secure operating environment.
You must also seek to protect against unauthorized access to any information that you use in connection with this Website, and you should remember to close the browser once you have completed your activities on the Website or if you have decided to step away from your computer. In the event that we determine that there has been a security breach resulting in the unauthorized disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to a third party, we will notify individuals whose Personally Identifiable Information has been so disclosed as required by law.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be absolutely secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personally Identifiable Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
Use and Sharing of Information
The information collected by us is used as detailed herein. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise permitted or required under law, we reasonably attempt to ensure that we do not intentionally disclose any Personally Identifiable Information about you as an individual user to any third party without having first received your permission (through your opting in or otherwise agreeing to the disclosure of such information).
We will release information, which may include Personally Identifiable Information, as required by law to comply with any valid legal inquiry or process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. We will also release specific information, which may include Personally Identifiable Information, in special cases, such as if there is an attempted breach of the security of the Website or a physical or property threat to you or others. We may also transfer user information, including Personally Identifiable Information, in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of related assets or corporate division or other fundamental corporate change. We may provide access to your Personally Identifiable Information and other information to our contractors who are performing services for us in connection with our Website or in connection with services that you have requested.
In addition, on occasion, we may collect Personally Identifiable Information from you in connection with optional contests, special offers or promotions. We will share such information with necessary third parties for the purpose of carrying out the contest, special offer or promotion. Your participation in the contest, special offer or promotion constitutes your consent to such disclosure and use of such Personally Identifiable Information.
We also reserve the right to use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you communications regarding changes to this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use.
Sharing of Content Posted by You on the Website
Please note that if you give out personal information online—for example, on one of our social media pages or by submitting User Content such as comments — that information can be collected and used by third parties and can be used by us without limitation. We cannot guarantee the security of information you post in such forums and have no control over how such third parties may use your information and there should be no expectation of privacy in such content. You disclose such information at your own risk.
Electronic Communications and Opting in and Opting Out
When you communicate with us electronically, via e-mail, when opting to receive communications from us or otherwise, you consent to our use of the information you have provided, and you further consent to receive electronic communications from us. If you would prefer not to receive such communications, you can opt out of our email lists by either clicking on the “opt out” line at the bottom of the email, or by emailing us directly at Info@PhillyVoice.com . You should be aware, however, that (i) it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers, although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request, and (ii) we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Cookies and Other Technologies
We may use cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, and/or a third-party ad serving software, to automatically collect information about Website users and Website activity, and we may use this information to, among other things, serve targeted advertisements on the Website. The information collected allows us to analyze how users use the Website and to track user interests, trends and patterns, thus allowing us to deliver more relevant advertisements to users.
For example, the Website utilizes the Google Inc.’s (“Google”) Google Analytics’ Display Demographics and Interest Reporting features which is a web analysis service provided by Google and which uses first-party cookies to store non-personally identifiable information about user interactions on the Website. These information collected by these cookies is used by us to better understand the demographics and interests of Website visitors and to better understand how visitors interact with the Website. Google may use the data collected via the Website’s use of Google Analytics to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. If you wish to prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you may download the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/  Google’s privacy policy is found at: https://support.google.com/analytics/topic/2919631?hl=en&authuser=1&ref_topic=1008008
We also may use third-party service providers, to target and serve some of the advertisements you see on the Website. We may share technical or aggregate information about your interaction with the Website, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interest, from the Website with these service providers for their use in displaying ads on the Website. These providers may use their own cookies, web beacons and similar technologies to collect similar information from the Website. These service providers may use that information, sometimes in conjunction with similar information gathered through other websites, to deliver advertisements on this site, and on other websites that participate in our service providers’ advertising networks, that are tailored to match the perceived interests of consumers. The information obtained by our third-party service providers also may be used to help measure and research an advertisement’s effectiveness, or for other purposes.  The use and collection of information by third-party advertising service providers are governed by the relevant third party’s privacy notice and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.
If you would prefer not to have such cookies stored on your computer, you may modify your browser settings to reject most cookies, or manually remove cookies that have been placed on your computer. However, by so rejecting the cookies, you may be unable to fully access the offerings on this Website.
Unless you affirmatively provide such information, the data collected in connection with the ad serving and ad targeting on our site does not identify you personally and does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number, but it may include device identifying information such as the IP address, MAC address, cookie or other device-specific unique alphanumerical ID of your computer.
We may also collect information through the use of clear gifs in selected email messages we send to you. These are tiny graphic files, not visible to the human eye, that are included in HTML-based emails and used to let us know which emails we send are opened. Clear gifs may also see or read cookies on your computer. When authorized by us, third parties specializing in monitoring aggregate statistical use of the Website with whom we contract, may use cookies, our web log files, web beacons, and other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous aggregate data.
Additionally, we may use IP address information to count and track aggregate visits to the Website, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the Website. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, so while a particular user’s session can be tracked, the user remains completely anonymous.
Other Websites and Links
In addition to the Disqus commenting platform, the Website includes links to other third party websites that we think will be of interest to you and are not operated by WWB, including WWB’s accounts on various social media websites. These third party websites have separate data collection and privacy practices independent from ours, and WWB is not responsible for the policies or activities of such other websites. Please contact such third parties directly if you have questions about their privacy policies.
How You Can Review, Correct or Request that We Discontinue use of Your Personally Identifiable Information
If you would like to review the current details of your Personally Identifiable Information, or if you would like WWB to either change, or discontinue use of, your Personally Identifiable Information, please contact us at: Info@PhillyVoice.com .
Changes to the Privacy Policy
We encourage you to review our Privacy Policy not just the first time you visit the Website but periodically afterwards since we may modify our Privacy Policy from time to time. The date of the last update of the Privacy Policy will always be posted below:
This Privacy Policy was Last Revised on 12/09/14.
If we make any substantive changes to our Privacy Policy in the future with regard to how we use your Personally Identifiable Information, we will incorporate those changes here. Your continued use of the Website after the changes are posted constitutes your agreement to the changes, both with regard to information we have previously collected from you and with regard to information we collect from you in the future. If you do not agree to the changes, please discontinue use of the Website. Lastly, if WWB is sold or merged with another company, your Personally Identifiable Information will be included as part of the sale but unless you’re notified that the Privacy Policy is changed, your Personally Identifiable Information will be maintained in the same manner as described in the Privacy Policy.
How to Contact us
 
 
 
