Thank you for visiting us at www.sonnysbbq.com (the “Site”). The Site is provided by Sonny’s Franchise Company (“Sonny’s”). Sonny’s strongly believes that the protection of privacy is a critical issue when collecting and storing personal information via the internet. We have created this Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) to inform all visitors to the Site of the measures we employ to keep the information you may choose to share with us private and confidential. We are committed to protecting and safeguarding consumer privacy on the internet, especially for children. Please carefully review this Privacy Policy before using the Site.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
When you visit this Site, you may provide us with two types of information: (1) personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and (2) website use information collected by us on an aggregate basis. Personal information is information that is personally identifiable to you such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number and date of birth. We only gather personal information when it is voluntarily submitted by you. You are not required to disclose any personal information to visit this Site, however you may be required to disclose certain personal information before accessing or using certain features or areas of the Site. We do not collect any personal information about you through this Site without your knowledge.
When you visit this Site we may automatically collect website use information about your visit. Website use information includes information such as the date and time of your visit, the pages you visited, the address of the website you came from when you came to visit this Site, etc. If you do not want us to collect website use information then please do not visit or use this Site. You may contact us at any time in order to update the personal information we have collected about you by sending an email to [email protected] Please include your member name and the information about you that you wish to update in the email so that we can better assist you with your request.
USAGE AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION
We recognize and appreciate the importance of responsible use of personal information collected on this Site. Sonny’s may share personal information collected about you with companies affiliated or related to Sonny’s such as our franchisees, subsidiaries and parent companies. Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as discount coupons, information about new product offerings, etc. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you. Additionally, third party companies may be engaged by Sonny’s to perform a variety of functions, such as, fulfilling orders, assisting with promotions, providing technical services for our this Site, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if necessary to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing these functions and may not use it for any other purpose. Other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we do not sell, transfer, share or disclose personal information to third parties.
USAGE AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN
This Site may offer certain features and activities that may be used by children. We do not condition a child’s participation in any of the activities available on this Site on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. To the extent that this Site offers activities that may be accessed by children, we will collect parent’s email addresses to obtain their consent for their children to access the Site, to notify them of their child’s online activities and to enable parents to access, view, change or delete all personal information about their child that we collect. We will additionally use parent’s email addresses to enable parents to unsubscribe their children from newsletters or other similar activities that we offer or provide. Please note that parents should update their personal information to provide us with a current email address. We are not responsible for any failure by you to keep an updated email address on file with your account or the account of your child. You agree that notice sent to the last email address we have on file with your account is sufficient notice and communication for purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Before allowing a child to use a feature of our Site that might result in the public disclosure of personal information about that child to third parties, such as posting on open message boards, we will require a high level of verification to confirm that a parent has given permission for the child to participate in such features. For example, we may require a parent to provide us with credit card information, speak to a telephone operator or return by postal mail or fax a signed consent form to confirm consent.
To the extent we have collected any information about children, parents can access, change or delete personal information about their children at any time, or can refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from their child, by contacting our customer service department by sending an email to [email protected] or by contacting us at c/o The Public Relations Dept., 2605 Maitland Center Parkway, Suite C, Maitland, FL 32751. Please include the child’s name and the parent’s email address in your correspondence so that we can better assist you with your inquiry or request.
COOKIES
“Cookies” are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow websites to remember important information about visitors that make a visitor’s use of a website more convenient. Like most web sites, this Site uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your online experience. For example, we may use cookies to determine the number of unique visitors to our Site over a given period and to remember user screen names so that the need for multiple log-ins is eliminated. We do not store any personal information in cookies nor do we link or combine information collected through cookies to any personal information that users submit when participating in activities on this Site. Cookies cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.
Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features and activities available on this Site.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES
We may offer links to sites that are not operated by Sonny’s. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy policy and all other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other websites, and any information you submit to those websites is subject to their privacy policies.
NOTICES AND RESTRICTIONS
We may be forced to disclose certain personal information you submit to us to the government or other law enforcement agencies. We reserve the right to, and by using this Site you authorize us to, use or disclose any personal information or other information we have collected about you as needed or necessary in order to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of this Site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation.
MISCELLANEOUS
 
CMSText Program Terms:
 
PRIVACY POLICY: Cmstext.com and its affiliates are committed to protecting you and your family’s privacy when you visit any of our Websites. We do not knowingly collect and keep any of your personal information unless you volunteer it and are 13 years of age or older. In addition, we do not knowingly collect and keep personal information from children under the age of 13 without parental consent.
TERMS: Operator fees may apply for receiving text messages. We do not reverse-bill the recipient of the text messages. You must be 18 years or older or have permission from a parent/guardian to participate in any campaign. Cmstext.com solely provides marketing services for participating companies and takes no legal or any other responsibility for services and promotions offered or messages sent to customers. Msg & Data rates may apply. Text STOP to 49798 to be removed from any marketing list and end subscription. Text HELP to 49798 for help, send email to [email protected] or call 866-430-4751.
