Les Schwab Tire Centers Privacy Values and Policy
At Les Schwab, we are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers’ information. We know that your financial and personally-identifiable information is confidential and private. Our goals are to serve you as effectively and conveniently as possible and to ensure that information you share with us remains confidential. As part of our commitment, we have adopted the following privacy principles and have implemented them at all levels of our organization. This Policy is provided to help you understand how we protect the privacy of your financial and personally-identifiable information. This Policy provides you with an opportunity to understand the way we manage your financial and personally-identifiable information. This Policy is provided to you jointly by all the Les Schwab companies listed at the end of this Policy and their affiliated member-dealers (collectively, “Les Schwab”). Les Schwab is comprised of several affiliate companies, all in the business of serving our customers’ tire needs. All of these affiliated companies and affiliated member-dealers may share your information among themselves and use your information in accordance with this Policy.
YOUR CONSENT TO THIS POLICY
This Policy applies to the data collected when Les Schwab provides a consumer product or service to you and/or when you apply for retail credit with Les Schwab and/or when you use our website located at www.lesschwab.com (the “Site”), as detailed below in the section entitled “How We Collect Personal Information.” By providing personally-identifiable and/or financial information to Les Schwab and/or by using the Site, you signify that you agree to the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms in this Policy, please do not provide any personally-identifiable and/or financial information to Les Schwab for any reason and please do not use the Site.
VALUES
Four Key Values Form the Foundation of Our Privacy Policy
Information security is a priority. One of our highest priorities is to secure our customers’ personal and financial information. We regularly review security systems to protect against unauthorized access to information.
Privacy is a shared responsibility. You trust us to care for your tire needs, and you have the right to feel confident we are responsibly managing your account and information about you.
Responsible use of personal information is beneficial. Information is important for meeting your needs and providing consistent quality in our service to you.
Information flow and privacy are a balance. We must meet expectations for privacy while still managing personal information to conduct our business and serve you. Information must be shared to fulfill your requests, deliver products and services and administer and update accounts.
POLICY
We Have One Privacy Policy
Les Schwab has one Privacy Policy that applies to all our affiliate companies. One Privacy Policy makes it easy to understand and convenient for people to make informed choices about the management of their financial and personally-identifiable information.
Information Covered by This Policy
This Policy applies to all personally-identifiable and financial information about you that is obtained by Les Schwab in connection with providing consumer products or services for personal, family or household purposes; in connection with applying for retail credit with Les Schwab; and/or when you provide such information via the Site. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, address, phone number, social security number, birth date, driver’s license number, auto license number, employment information, bank account information, credit card information, and other financial information (“Personal Information”). You are never under any obligation to provide Personal Information to us, but you may not be able to purchase goods or services from Les Schwab, apply for retail credit with Les Schwab without providing requested Personal Information, or use certain features of the Site. When you do provide us with Personal Information, you are authorizing us to use that Personal Information in accordance with this Policy. This Policy covers Personal Information we collect about you during the course of our relationship as well as after the relationship has ended.
This Policy also covers information that we automatically collect and store when you visit the Site. As you navigate and browse the Site, we automatically collect and store information about your visit to and use of the Site, such as:
(i) the date and time of your visit,
(ii) the duration of your visit,
(iii) the type of browser and browser language you use,
(iv) your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address,
(v) your mobile device ID,
(vi) type of computer or other operating device used,
(vii) the actions you take on the Site (such as the web pages viewed and the links clicked),
(viii) the websites (if any) from which you linked to the Site, and
(ix) the website(s) you visit after visiting the Site. See information below in the section titled “Our Targeted Advertising Practices” regarding our use of this information to track your online activity and deliver targeted advertising.
How We Collect Personal Information
We rely on many sources of information to understand and meet your needs. We collect Personal Information about you from:
Your credit application or other information you give us when you visit us in person, over the phone and through the mail;
Your transactions with any Les Schwab company, including your submission of Personal Information and automatically-collected information through the Site;
Consumer reporting agencies; and
Other sources, in connection with providing you a consumer product or service.
SMS Terms and Conditions
Les Schwab allows customers to receive user prompted single instance information alerts and service reminders via text messaging. The Les Schwab Short Code is 52225.
To opt-in to service reminders text “JOIN” to 52225.
If you opt-in to receive service reminders, you will receive up to 4 messages per appointment.
Consent to receive marketing text messages is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. Texts may be sent using an automatic telephone dialing system.
You can opt-out of Les Schwab SMS program at anytime by texting “STOP” to 52225. A one-time confirmation message will be sent back to you.
To request support at anytime, text “HELP” to 52225, send an e-mail to emailsupport@lesschwab.com or call 1-844-486-5252.
Les Schwab may amend these SMS terms and conditions, or modify or cancel this service or any of its features without notice.
Les Schwab is not liable for failed, delayed, or misdirected delivery of, any information sent through this service; any errors in such information; or any action you may or may not take in reliance on the information provided. LES SCHWAB WILL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCE BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES.
Les Schwab is supported by all major cellular network carriers. Message and Data Rates may apply. Check with your service provider for details on specific fees and charges that may apply to you. Our participating carriers include, but are not limited to AT&T, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, U.S. Cellular®, T-Mobile® and MetroPCS®. The mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
How We Keep Personal Information Secure
Information security is one of our highest priorities. This priority is emphasized by employee training, an internal information handling policy, this Policy, and the agreements we may sign with external suppliers and affiliated member-dealers. Employees who violate our policies regarding privacy are subject to disciplinary action, and our suppliers and affiliated member-dealers are bound to maintain privacy under the terms of our agreements with them. We regularly review security standards in an effort to guard against unauthorized access to Personal Information.
How We Use Your Personal Information
When you supply us your Personal Information, we will use it for the express purpose stated when we ask for such Personal Information (e.g., to comply with Department of Transportation registration requirements, track warranty information on product or service you purchase from us, to charge your credit card for purchasing a product or service, to process your retail credit application, or to respond to any requests you may have about your account or a transaction). We may also use your Personal Information to contact you regarding your account or to provide information about products, services, or promotional offerings that may be of interest to you. At any time, however, you may request that we not contact you about products or services that may be of interest to you. We respect your privacy and your right to limit the reasons for which we contact you.
Our Targeted Advertising Practices
We use third-party services to track and analyze your Site activity, as well as to track websites you visit after visiting the Site. In order to gather this information regarding your online activity, we use third-party persistent cookies on the Site. A persistent cookie remains on your computer or device, even after you close your browser software or otherwise end your online session.
We also use other third-party services to serve online Les Schwab advertisements to you on other websites after you’ve visited the Site. This practice is known as online behavioral advertising, and you will see our advertisements across the Internet unless you opt-out, as discussed below. We, along with third-party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize, and deliver advertisements based on your online activity, including your past visits to the Site.
If you would like to opt-out of receiving targeted advertisements like this, you can opt-out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page . Note that even if you opt-out, you may still see Les Schwab advertisements, but they will not be delivered based on your online activity.
The advertisements described in this section are different from marketing communications you will receive if you are on our promotional mailing list, which is discussed above in the section entitled “How We Use your Personal Information”.
Personal Information Shared within Les Schwab Companies
In order to respond to your requests for credit and otherwise provide products and services to you, we may share Personal Information among companies within the Les Schwab family of companies. The Les Schwab companies that may receive Personal Information include tire centers and warehouse distribution centers. Les Schwab may share this information within other Les Schwab companies as a normal part of conducting business and offering products and services. All of these companies may use your information in accordance with this Policy, including to provide marketing communications to you. All of these companies are listed below.
Personal Information Shared with Affiliated Member-Dealers
We may share Personal Information with Les Schwab’s affiliated member-dealers. This is necessary in order to honor your request for information about Les Schwab products or services, to track and honor warranties applicable to product and services purchased by you, to respond to your requests for credit, or to provide an affiliated member-dealer with information for purposes of contacting you in their regular course of business, including for purposes of manufacturer product recalls or marketing products or services to you. Again, note that all of these affiliated member-dealers may use your information in accordance with this Policy, including to provide marketing communications to you. The affiliated member-dealers are required to comply with this Policy in order to protect the privacy of your Personal Information. Please click on this link to view a list of affiliated member-dealers.
Other Personal Information Sharing
At times, we may retain independent contractors to analyze data we collect, including Personal Information, solely to help us improve the goods and services Les Schwab provides to you. In addition, we may provide Personal Information to independent contractors to enable us to process your Personal Information for auditing, research, and analysis, or to provide other services for Les Schwab such as billing and payment processing services. Further, we use third parties as described above in the section entitled “Our Targeted Advertising Practices,” and we share your information with them. These independent contractors are not authorized to use your Personal Information in any way other than to perform the requested services for Les Schwab, and these independent contractors are required to keep your Personal Information confidential. Les Schwab does not sell your Personal Information. We may also share Personal Information about you with companies or other organizations outside of Les Schwab as required by or permitted by law. For example, we may share Personal Information to:
comply with the Department of Transportation’s tire registration requirements;
protect against fraud, illegal activities, or situations involving threats or potential threats to the safety of any person or entity;
establish or exercise legal rights or defend against legal claims;
respond to a subpoena or court order; or
service your account.
We may transfer your Personal Information if Les Schwab is acquired by or merged with another company.
Retention
We will retain your Personal Information in accordance with our document retention policy and applicable laws. This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with us, but it will be only as long as it is necessary for us to have sufficient information to carry on ordinary business activities. The information collected to serve targeted online advertising may be retained for the purpose of serving such targeted online advertising to you until you opt-out of receiving these advertisements, as described above in the section entitled “Our Targeted Advertising Practices.” Also, we may retain your Personal Information beyond the end of your relationship with us if we believe in good faith that a law, regulation, rule, or guideline requires it.
Legal Disclaimer
We cannot guarantee that your Personal Information will never be compromised. Further, while we employ reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee unauthorized third parties will not defeat those measures or use non-public Personal Information for improper purposes. Nevertheless, we value your business and have adopted this Policy and undertaken reasonable security measures as an endeavor to respect your privacy and to keep your Personal Information confidential.
Les Schwab Companies Providing This Notice
This Policy is provided by the Les Schwab companies listed below.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Portland, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Washington, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of California, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Central California, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Idaho, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Boise, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Montana, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Nevada, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Utah, Inc.
Les Schwab Tire Centers of Colorado, Inc.
Les Schwab Warehouse Center, Inc.
Modifications to This Policy
Les Schwab reserves the right, at any time and without prior notice to you, to change or remove this Policy at its discretion. Policy changes will apply to the Personal Information collected from the date of the revised Policy, as well as to existing information held by Les Schwab.
Unenforceability
If any part of this Policy is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision, and the remainder of the Policy shall continue in full force and effect.
Questions
If you have questions regarding Les Schwab’s Policy or need additional information, please contact Les Schwab Tire Center Credit Department at PO Box 5350, Bend, Oregon 97708-5350, # (541) 416-5140. Policy revised March 26, 2018.
Les Schwab Privacy Policy
Please choose a language
