Table of Contents
Last revised and effective as of March 13, 2017.
This ninewest.com website is a service of Nine West Holdings, Inc. for its Nine West brand (“Nine West”).
This Privacy Policy applies to information that may be collected by or on behalf of Nine West, such as in Nine West’s stores, online at ninewest.com, through Nine West mobile applications and to customer service representatives.  Our Privacy Policy tells you the types of information we collect, how we use this information, and when we share it with third parties or our affiliated brands and affiliated companies.
The information on this website and our Privacy Policy are subject to change from time to time.  We will post at the top of this Privacy Policy the date that modifications were last made, which should alert you to any changes since your last visit to the website.  Any material changes to our Privacy Policy and practices will be reflected on this page.  Please read and refer to this Privacy Policy from time to time so that you are aware of our current privacy practices.  Your continued use of the website after the posted effective date constitutes your agreement to the then revised Privacy Policy.  By doing business with Nine West and by accessing and using our website or by providing personal information online or at one of our store locations, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Nine West as described in this Privacy Policy.
Table of Contents
What information does Nine West collect?
Nine West may collect and store two types of information: “personal information” and “automatic information.”
Personal information tells us who you are such as your name, gender, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, date of birth or age, any personal preferences you choose to provide, transaction details such as style, size, price, discount, date, store, your credit card number and expiration date used for transactions, and any assigned password used to protect your privacy.
Automatic information is information that we may collect automatically whenever you interact with this website or a Nine West mobile application, such as your IP address, the type of computer you use, the web browser you use, the web page that linked you to our site, and the way you navigated our website and the products you viewed.  An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet.  Each time you visit this website or our mobile application, our web server may automatically recognize and collect this information.  Automatic information also includes information generated by the use of “cookies” and “web beacons”. You may click here to find out more about the use of cookies and web beacons.
.
How does Nine West collect information?
Nine West collects data that you provide to us in the following ways: (i) on ninewest.com; (ii) by downloading and using the Nine West mobile application; (iii) through transactions, email registrations, participation in loyalty programs, sweepstakes, contests, quizzes and surveys, or online memberships; (iv) by communicating with our sales associates in our company-owned Nine West stores and outlets; (v) through phone, mail and fax interactions or paper registrations that you submit to Nine West; and (vi) from information collected about you by our affiliated brands and shared with Nine West.  For information about Nine West’s affiliated brands, please click here .
NNine West also collects data that we obtain from third parties.  We occasionally obtain email addresses of active Nine West store customers who requested emails regarding fashion on other websites.  Nine West also may obtain publicly accessible customer demographics and information about you from commercially available databases and sources.
.
Use of Cookies and Web Beacons or Pixel Tags
A “cookie” is a small text file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive.  Among other things, cookies provide a means for us to keep track of your online patterns and preferences.   By understanding which areas of the site you visit, cookies allow us to present information, products and services that are of personal interest and make our website more efficient.  Some of the ways we may use cookies include enabling your log-in, identifying your shopping carts, tracking where you travel on our websites and what you look at and purchase, and for marketing testing and product recommendations.
Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies but allow you to change your browser so that it will not automatically accept cookies. Various browsers have different ways to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you, limit the kinds of cookies that can be placed on your computer and let you delete cookies.  Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.  Additionally, if you have a Flash player installed on your computer, flash cookies may be stored.  Flash cookies are different from browser cookies and the cookie management tools provided by your browser will not necessarily remove Flash cookies. The latest versions of many browsers let you control or delete Flash cookies through the browser’s settings.  If you use an older version of one of these browsers, upgrade to the most recent version, and set it to update automatically.  However, if you delete or remove cookies, it is possible that some portions of the site may not function as intended.
“Web beacons”, also known as pixel tags, clear GIFs or single-pixel GIFs, or similar technologies are small image files that we may place on web pages and within web-based email newsletters that we send.  Working in conjunction with cookies, web beacons allow us to accurately count the number of unique users who have visited a specific page and the number of times those pages are displayed.  We can also use web beacons to let us know how many people opened a web-based email newsletter or message.
Nine West also uses third party internet analytics firms, such as Google Analytics, Adobe Analytics and others, to place cookies and pixel tags on your computer or browser when you visit our website or mobile applications.  These third parties collect automatic information to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information regarding your visits to our website or our mobile applications, such as what you browsed and purchased, what web page linked you to our site and what traffic is driven by banner ads and e-mails.  To learn more about Google Analytics and how to opt out of such services, please visit http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html .  To learn more about Adobe Analytics and how to opt out, please visit http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html#1 .
.
How does Nine West use this information?
Nine West may use the information it collects in order to:
confirm, process and fulfill sales transactions
contact you about your order and respond to your inquiries
update and maintain your information in our databases
enable you to participate in our sweepstakes, contests and loyalty programs
communicate with you via targeted postal pieces, phone messages, or personalized emails about products, offers and promotions that may be of interest to you
enable marketing, testing and product recommendations
maintain and improve the effectiveness and security of our website and business
study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the site
improve the navigation, design and content of the website
improve the effectiveness of our advertising and provide targeted online advertising
personalize your online experience
We may use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalized online display advertising tailored to your interests.  To opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising, click here .
We may use the services of third parties to collect and use anonymous information about your visits to, and interactions with our website through the use of technologies such as cookies to personalize advertisements for goods and services on our website. Some of these third parties may also use cookies to collect and use anonymous information about your visits to and interactions on our website and other websites for analytical purposes and for delivering online display advertisements on other websites that are directed to products and services that are tailored to your interests. To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our third party partners, visit the Network Advertising Initiative at www.networkadvertising.org/choices .
.
How does Nine West protect your information?
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be unconditionally guaranteed to be secure.  Therefore, any information you transmit to us is sent at your own risk.
However, when you place an order online, we use encryption technology, such as Secure Socket Layer technology (“SSL”), to protect your personal information during data transport.  SSL encrypts your order information, including your name, address, and credit card number, before it is transmitted to us to avoid the decoding of your information by anyone other than Nine West.
.
Does Nine West disclose your information to others?
Nine West Holdings maintains a database of customer information collected by Nine West.  The database is maintained and operated by third party service providers and also houses customer information collected by certain other affiliated brands owned by or licensed to Nine West Holdings.  In addition to Nine West, these brands include Easy Spirit (licensed), Bandolino, Anne Klein and Kasper.  When you establish or update your customer profile information with Nine West, whether through a purchase, registration or email sign-up at the Nine West website, at a Nine West store, or through a customer service representative, or in other communications you may have with Nine West, your name and address on the database will be shared with and updated for any of the brands on the shared database for which you have established a customer profile.
All of the information that Nine West collects may be shared with the Bandolino, Anne Klein and Kasper brands and with other affiliated brands of Nine West Holdings, Inc., including lonna & lilly, Napier, Judith Jack, Mootsies Tootsies, Gloria Vanderbilt, L.e.i. and Energie, among others.
We may disclose personal information about you to third parties who provide services to us.  These third parties may use the information in connection with the services they provide to us, such as hosting our website, assisting us in fulfilling your transactions and customer service inquiries, and managing and updating your customer information, or to improve their services generally.  We may also share your information with third parties to assist us in managing our sites, understanding and optimizing the performance and functionality of the site, or so they can market and advertise to you our products and services or others that they believe may be of interest to you.
We may share your information (such as your name, email address, mailing address and transactional history with us) with third parties by participating or joining a shared membership or cooperative database.  In such a case, other third party members in the membership or cooperative database may use your information to market and promote their products and services to you.  If you prefer not to have your personal information shared with these cooperative or membership databases for their own marketing purposes, please contact us as indicated in this Privacy Policy below under the heading " “How do I contact Nine West?” ".
We may also use and/or disclose to others information about your demographics and use of our website in a manner that does not reveal your identity.  We also may match and use information collected from you at our website with information obtained collected from other sources or third parties.
From time to time, we may partner with one or more co-sponsor(s) to conduct a contest, sweepstakes or other promotional event.  In those situations, each of the participating co-sponsor(s) and the websites of each participating co-sponsor(s) may collect or receive personal information from you and will have the right to use your personal information in accordance with their own respective privacy policies.
We may disclose personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our Terms and condition of use Terms and condition of use . or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of our website, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
.
How can you access your information?
.
Can I unsubscribe?
.
What are my choices to opt out of tracking features?
.
How does Nine West protect a child’s privacy?
.
Does ninewest.com have links to other web sites?
While you are using this website, you may be linked or directed to other third party sites outside of the website that are beyond our control. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from ours. For example, you might click on a link or banner ad or place orders for delivery outside the United States (see “ International ” below) that will take you off the website. These links and banners may take you to sites of advertisers, sponsors and co-branding partners.
.
International
You may also seek to place an order on our site for shipment to a country outside the United States. When you click on our international shipping menu, select another country and indicate you would like to have an order shipped to that country, you will be redirected to a checkout page hosted by a third party (Borderfree, Inc.) with whom we have partnered to process and fulfill such orders internationally.  Borderfree will present you with its terms and conditions and process your personal information under its own privacy policy.  Once you place your order, you will be prompted to confirm whether you would like to receive marketing and other communications from Nine West. If you agree that Borderfree may share your data with Nine West, we will handle and use your information to supply you with such communications and as otherwise allowed in this Privacy Policy.
.
.
Information on Marketing Disclosures
.
Content Removal Requests for Users Under 18 Years Old
.
How do I contact Nine West?
We welcome your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. Please send any concerns to:
Write to us at:     Nine West Customer Relations - Privacy Policy
1411 Broadway, 22nd Floor
Email us at:
GET 15% OFF WHEN YOU SUBSCRIBE!
 
Shipping
Nine West is only able to ship within the Continental United States, Hawaii and Alaska. Unfortunately at this time, we are not able to ship to the US Virgin Islands or other territories, Puerto Rico or Guam. We are unable to ship to PO Box or APO/DPO/military addresses.
Please note (for US shipments only):
If your order includes multiple items, they may ship from different locations, experience different travel times and will often arrive on different days.
If your order status is "Processing", we have received your order and we are locating your product. Depending upon order volume, this may take a few days. Please see below for approximate order processing times.
When your order leaves our warehouse you will be sent an email with a tracking number for your order.
Please note that it may take 24 hours before tracking information appears.
Shipping Options
$30
5-7 business day delivery often requires the United States Postal Service (USPS) to make the final delivery. If USPS delivery is not an option for you, please select another delivery method.
Shipments will be processed the same day that the order is placed if credit card authorization is approved and it is received and authorized by noon EST.
Orders placed on a Saturday, Sunday, after noon (EST) on Friday, or on a holiday will begin processing on the next business day.
Deliveries are made Monday through Friday (except holidays).
Express deliveries must have signature for release.
