Privacy Policy
At ShopperMart.net, we think it is best practice to let our valued customers know exactly what information we collect and how we use that information.
Information includes your:
Contact Number
ShopperMart.net does not require or request any information from any users browsers simply browsing our website. However, if you use any services provided by ShopperMart.net, you will be prompted for any information we need to successfully perform our service. Any information we gather will be specifically prompted for and only used for purposes as described in this Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions.
Your personal details will remain completely private with the exception of:
A merchant needing to validate your identity to dispute a review. A review can only be disputed if the user was not involved in a merchant’s services or a transaction never took place.
Your information being needed to carry out a service.
If disclosing information is needed to protect ShopperMart.net, ShopperMart.net users, our subsidiaries, our partners and any other contracted parties with ShopperMart.net.
If you land on a private-level shopping site hosted by our partners, we can then forward any information you have provided to our partner. We are not responsible for how your information is used or stored by our partners.
Complying with a law enforcement request, court order, search warrant, subpoena or any other legally binding process brought to ShopperMart.net.
There are times throughout your use of ShopperMart.net you will be prompted for “optional” secondary information. This can include demographic information that will then be compiled into a database of ShopperMart.net users. Once your information is added to our database, you will no longer be identifiable as a specific user and may be shared with our partners. This information is primarily used to help us learn more about our users so we can continue to improve.
There are times we collect unprompted statistical data that cannot specifically identify you as a user such as:
Time of visit
The TCP and IP address
The time it takes for a user to download our pages
This information is used specifically to maintain our website and provide the necessary traffic information to our advertisers to ensure they are adequately rewarded.
Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to ShopperMart.net.
Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet.
Users may opt-out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page.
SAVE UP TO 75% OFF
Our top secret esaver is full of savings. Sign up and we’ll send you the very best deals.
Enter Your Details To Start Saving
Start Saving
