Updated: 24th May 2018. Click here to view previous Privacy Policy
We are Font Bundles Ltd a UK limited company registered in England and Wales at 68 Liverpool Road, Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire, ST4 1BG. Company Number: 09966437. In this document Font Bundles Ltd will sometimes be referred to as "we".
This Privacy Notice is designed to help you understand everything you need to know about the what, why and how’s of our data gathering and processing operations, and what your legal rights are as an individual.
We hope you’ll take some time to read this document; we’ve tried to keep it all as simple as possible and we will keep you informed if there are any changes to the way we process your personal data in the future, before making them.
Font Bundles Ltd takes its responsibilities to protecting your data very seriously and we do advise you get to know our practices – If there’s anything in this policy you don’t understand or if you want to ask any questions, please feel free to contact us using the details below.
Why do we collect personal data?
The information we collect from you is done so to:
Fulfil contractual obligations i.e. Provide goods and services
Improve the services provided
Notify you of any changes to goods and/or services that may affect people
Provide direct marketing
Improve marketing performance
Monitor our websites and/or App activity to identify usage trends
Monitor statistical analysis and conduct market research
The conditions of use
Consent
For Font Bundles Ltd to process your personal data we will be relying on your consent to for us to do.
Contractual Necessity
Font Bundles Ltd is required to process your data for the purpose stated above in order to deliver on the terms of a contract between us and yourself, or it may be to deliver on the terms of a contract that is not yet in place but where there is an intention that it soon shall be.
Legitimate Interests
Font Bundles Ltd will process your data for certain legitimate business interests which include some or all of the following
Fulfil contractual obligations i.e. Provide goods and services
Improve the services provided
Notify you of any changes to goods and/or services that may affect people
Provide direct marketing
Improve marketing performance
Monitor our websites and/or App activity to identify usage trends
Monitor statistical analysis and conduct market research
Where we are processing your data for the above reasons we shall always hold your data rights paramount. You have the right to object to this processing if you wish, more details can be found below on objecting to processing.
Who will we share your information with?
In order to achieve the above stated purposes for which we will process your personal data, we may need to share this information with various third-party organisations such as third party data processers to setup various necessary resources.
Font Bundles will never share your personal data with Third-Parties that intend to use it for their own purposes, including:
Selling your data
Sharing your data for 3rd parties to market to you
Font Bundles Ltd may transfer your personal data to another data controller in the Design Stock Holdings Limited group to be used for similar purposes as those stated above.
No third party we employ who must have access to our data in order to perform their function will be allowed to use any of that data for any purpose unrelated to the purposes stated above.
Where is my data going to be kept?
Font Bundles Ltd will as a part of its standard business practices transfer your personal data to the following third countries: United States. Where transfers of data to third countries or organisations in third countries takes place Font Bundles Ltd has applied the following safeguards to ensure that appropriate security measures are in place:
Confirmed all 3rd party organizations we work with are GDPR compliant
Obtained an agreement in writing to confirm the processing and use of Personal Data will solely be done for the purposes of performing the Services under the Main Contract
Font Bundles Ltd uses the products and services of third party organisations that transfer personal data outside the list of countries approved by the EU Commission as having appropriate safeguards for data transfers. The following safeguards are in place to ensure that any third party data controller or data processer engaged by Font Bundles Ltd has appropriate security measures in place:
Confirmed all 3rd party organizations we work with are GDPR compliant
Obtained an agreement in writing to confirm the processing and use of Personal Data will solely be done for the purposes of performing the Services under the Main Contract
How long will we keep your data for?
Consent
Where the lawful basis of our processing is based on your consent we will retain the personal data for either:
As long as we have your consent to do so (see below on withdrawing consent)
Legitimate Interests
Where the lawful basis of our processing is based on legitimate interests Font Bundles Ltd will retain your personal data for:
As long as we have your consent to do so (see below on withdrawing consent)
Font Bundles Ltd uses automated decision-making processes or profiling for the following purposes:
To provide relevant offers that may be of interest to you based on your buying or browsing behaviour
Your Rights, Our Responsibility
There are several rights granted to you immediately upon providing us with your personal information; we’d like you to know that at Font Bundles Ltd we take your rights as a Natural Person seriously and will always conduct ourselves in a way that is considerate of our responsibility to serve your legal rights.
Withdrawing Consent
Should the time come where you no longer wish for us to have or use your personal data you may withdraw your consent, and you may withdraw your consent at any time. To withdraw your consent for us to process your data we request you email sales@fontbundles.net or mail@fontbundles.net with instructions of your wishes.
After a withdrawal of consent request is received we may contact you to verify the request.
Withdrawing your consent for us to process your personal data will not affect the lawfulness of the processing beforehand.
The Right of Access
This grants you the right to confirm whether or not your personal data is being processed, and to be provided with all the relevant details of what those processing operations are.
If you would like access to the personal data we have about you, we ask that you contact us by email via sales@fontbundles.net or mail@fontbundles.net
The Right of Erasure (‘Right to be Forgotten’)
You have the right to request that we erase all personal data we have about you, and we must respond to that request without undue delay. There are some conditions that apply with this right, but we will make every attempt to respond to a ‘Right to be Forgotten’ request within 30 days or receiving it.
The Right to Rectification
This one is fairly straight forward; if you notice that the data we have about you is inaccurate or incomplete, you may request we rectify the mistake. We will make every effort to respond to requests of this type immediately.
The Right to Restriction
You have the right to have us restrict the processing of your personal data and ensure that processing only takes place with your consent or for legal purposes.
The Right to Objection
The right to object is a basic freedom all democracies enjoy. If you wish to object to the way we use, or have used, your personal data you may do so freely.
The Right to Portability
This is a legal right afforded to you that most companies already provide; it basically states that if you request it, we must pass on all of the details you have given to us to another provider of your choosing.
The Right to Complain
We will always try to maintain the highest standards and encourage the confidence our customers have in us as an organisation. In order that we can achieve this we do request that any complaints be first brought to our attention so we can properly investigate matters; if however you would like to complain about Font Bundles Ltd to a supervisory authority you may do so by contacting the Information Commissioners Office on (+44) 303 123 1113, or anyone of the other reporting methods listed on their website - https://ico.org.uk/concerns
Our contact details
If you wish to get in touch with Font Bundles Ltd to speak with our Data Protection Representative please use do so with any of the below contact details:
Font Bundles Ltd
68 Liverpool Road
Navigation
Premium Design Resources
DesignBundles.net offer exclusive deals on high quality premium design resources and free design resources. We offer savings of up to 96% off the RRP on design elements from thousands of independent designers.
We offer free design resources each week and a marketplace which allows graphic designers to register and sell their products. Our customers always come first and with our lifetime download guarantee and unlimited support – we are sure you will love shopping with us.
Email Us
Unlimited Users Included
