Pursuant to Our Terms of Service Agreement, this document describes how ahcdn.com treat Personal Data related to your use of the Service, including information you provide when using it.
We expressly and strictly limit use of the Service to adults over 18 years.  We do not knowingly seek or collect any Personal Information or Data from persons who have not attained this age.
We recommend that you read this Privacy Policy in full to ensure you are fully informed. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or Personal Data collection, Acceptable Use Policy, please contact Us at dpo@ahcdn.com .
Our role as Data Processor.
When you choose Us as your hosting provider, please note that any video, image, or other content posted, uploaded or otherwise made available by you, at your discretion as user (data controller), onto your website, whether published content or not, is not considered personally identifiable information, therefore is not subject to our Privacy Policy.
In all hosting agreements, We merely processes such data on your behalf, subject to the Terms of Service Agreement you are expected to have due regard to applicable legal requirements regarding your own use of data on Our hosting.
Data Collected.
General Browsing. You can access some parts of the Service without having an Account, in which case only your IP address, country of origin and other non-personal information about your computer or device (such as web requests, browser type, browser language, referring URL, operating system and date and time of requests) will be recorded for log file information, aggregated traffic information and in the event that there is any misappropriation of information and/or content.  If you have an Account, this information will also be recorded and may be associated with your Account.
Cookies, Metadata and Site Data Activity. We use cookies, web beacons and other information to store information so that you will not have to re-enter it on future visits, provide personalized content and information, monitor the effectiveness of the Service and monitor aggregate metrics such as the number of visitors and page views.
A cookie is a small piece of computer code which remains on your computer and contains information which helps Us identify your browser.
When you visit Our website and applications and tools on it, the cookie records the authentication to allow your user id to login. We use the information gathered by cookies to identify your web browser so that when you log in on the next occasion your use of the website and other applications and tools on it is easier and faster because the website has remembered your details.
If you do not want Us to use cookies then you can easily stop them, or be notified when they are being used, by adopting the appropriate settings on your browser. If you do not allow cookies to be used some or all of the website or other applications or tools on it might not be accessible to you.
Sometimes information that you upload is provided with associated metadata. If you do not want Us to use the metadata you must remove it before uploading it onto the website and other applications and tools.
We may collect data that is associated with your visit, including the pages your visit, the activities you do, the preferences you make, the applications and tools you use and the purchases you make and the competitions you enter etc. We may also collect information relating to the computer, mobile phone or other device including the device type, the browser, location, IP address and search words used. We may collect, use, disclose and store this information in any of the ways set out in this Privacy Policy.
Clear GIFS Information. When you access the Service or are on Our website, We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of Our users anonymously. No personally identifiable information from your account is collected using these clear gifs. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of Our Service, and make Our services better for Our users and partners. These technologies mentioned above do not collect Personal Data about you and only collect data in the aggregate.
Using the Service with an Account.
Creating an Account is required for using many of the features of the Service. We may require certain information about you at registration including Personal Data.
You and We shall comply with the Data Protection Laws (means all applicable laws relating to the processing of Personal Data including, while it is in force, and applicable to customer personal data), the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) including any other Regulation in force with respect to the processing of the customer Personal Data (the “Applicable Laws”)
You warrant to Us that you have the legal right to disclose all Personal Data that you in fact disclose to Us under or in connection with this document.
Types of the Personal Data collected.
You shall only supply to Us and We shall only process in each case under or in relation to this document, the Personal Data of of the following types:
personal name, private address, phone number;
email address, skype address and other addresses/contact details/identifiers used in electronic communications;
data that could identify you, such as TIN/Identity number (including documents and information that certify the individual's identity);
account information – information about the products or services that you purchase or consider purchasing from Us, domain name registration information, IP addresses assigned by Us, customer ID or any other information related to your account;
information on communications with Us - We may keep a record of any correspondence between you and us, including Customer Service requests, information about enquiries made to Us to resolve a technical or administrative query, information about a chat session with Us, an e-mail or letter sent to Us or other of any contact or communication with Us;
information about payment method.
We shall only process your Personal Data for the following purposes:
performing a contract with you, processing of orders and provision of products and services, pursuing Our business activities and functions;
allowing the technical support personnel to provide assistance to you if needed, for managing of Our infrastructure, systems, databases other applications or tools;
communicating with you, to provide information about Our services, offers, orders, provision of services, order status and payment, to answer questions from you and from potential customers;
facilitating payment for the purchase of products or services through Our website or otherwise. In this case you will be directed to a third party website (a secure internet payment gateway). We will not store or collect your payment credit/debit/charge card or other payment mechanism details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information;
improving the quality of Our website and Our products and services;
performing financial process, including calculating, invoicing and collecting of service charges and processing financial transaction regarding the acceptance of orders and granting debt collection rights to third parties;
performing any of the features on Our website, statistical analysis of the usage of Our website or applications or tools that are accessed via the website, conducting market research, conducting retention and customer satisfaction surveys, marketing activities (including through email, newsletter and social media), conducting sales activities (including analyzing Data and the use of Our services for marketing offers and quotes with the aim of entering into a customer relationship, and/or maintaining, renewing or expanding a customer relationship);
investigating and processing suspected violations of Our Acceptable Use Policy;
to ensure security of persons and find and prevent fraud, to detect or prevent illegal activities;
for law compliance purposes, including enforcing Our Terms of Service Agreement, or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency including privacy legislation.
If you elect not to provide Us with Personal Data then We may not be able to provide you with the information, products, services or support that you may want.
Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which We collect it.
However, We will normally collect Personal Data from you only (i) where We need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you; (ii) where the processing is in Our legitimate interests and not overridden by your rights; or (iii) where We have your consent to do so.  We have a legitimate interest in operating Our Services and communicating with you as necessary to provide these Services, for example when responding to your queries, improving Our platform, undertaking marketing, or for the purposes of detecting or preventing illegal activities.
In some cases, We may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you or may otherwise need the Personal Data to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
If We ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, We will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data).
We shall only process your Personal Data during the term of contract between you and Us.
We shall only process your Personal Data only on your written instructions unless We are required by governmental instructions, legal obligations, and court orders or by any other Applicable Laws in order to operate Our systems properly, to enforce Our Terms of Service Agreement, to protect ourselves and Our other users or for any other reason with legal ground. In such a case, We shall promptly notify you of the legal requirements before performing the processing required by the applicable laws, unless those Applicable Laws prohibit such notification.
Data minimization.
We take every reasonable step to limit the volume of your Personal Data that We Process to what is necessary.
We take every reasonable step to ensure that your Personal Data that We Process are limited to the Personal Data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
We may share Data about you with:
partners or agents involved in delivering/purchasing the services you’ve ordered with Us;
fraud prevention agencies;
law enforcement agencies, regulatory organizations, courts or other public authorities to the extent required by law;
We will also share your information to the extent necessary to comply with ICANN or any ccTLD rules, regulations and policies when you register a domain name with us. in such case, disclosure of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy.
We do not provide Personal Data to third parties except as in accordance with this Privacy Policy, any agreement We have with you or as required by law.
You consent to Us using any Personal Data that We collect for any one of the purposes in this Privacy Policy for any of the other purpose stated in this Privacy Policy.
You may inform Us of any withdrawal of consent in relation to any of the above purposes by giving notice of such withdrawal of consent to Our Data Protection Officer ( dpo@ahcdn.com ). Upon and depending on the extent of such withdrawal of consent, We may not be in a position to continue providing you with some or all of Our services.
We collect Personal Data in a number of ways, including:
through Our website;
through communications with you, including letters, emails, chat session with Us;
in the course of providing Our products and services to you, including providing support through Our support service, in course you use Our network, infrastructure and/or other services;
in the course of Our business functions and activities.
We retain Personal Data:
We retain Personal Data We collect from you where We have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements).
When We have no ongoing legitimate and business need to process your Personal Data, We will delete your Personal Data.
You have the following data protection rights:
You have the right to delete or return all of your Personal Data to you after the provision of services relating to the processing and shall delete all existing copies save to the extent that the Applicable Laws require storage of the relevant personal data.
You have the right to withdraw your consent for processing your personal data. You can withdraw your consent at any time.  Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing We conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
You have the right to request confirmation as to whether or not your Personal Data are being processed and where that is the case, access to the Personal Data together with certain additional information.
You have the right to request rectification of any inaccurate Personal Data of you. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, you will have the right to have incomplete Personal Data about you completed including by means of providing a supplementary statement.
In certain circumstance you have the right to obtain the erasure of your Personal Data without undue delay. Such circumstances include: (a) your Personal Data that is no longer necessary to the purposes for which there were collected or otherwise processed, (b) you withdraw consent on which the processing is based and where there is no other legal ground for the processing; (c) your Personal Data has been unlawfully processed.
Your right to obtain erasure of your Personal Data will not apply in cases where the processing is necessary for: (a) for compliance with a legal obligation; (b) for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
If you wish to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your Personal Data, you can do so at any time by emailing dpo@ahcdn.com
In addition, you can object to the processing of your Personal Data, ask Us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data, or request portability of your Personal Data. You can exercise these rights by emailing dpo@ahcdn.com
You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications We send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" link in the marketing emails We send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing, please contact Us by emailing dpo@ahcdn.com
In case you are of the opinion that Our processing of your Personal Data infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority that is responsible for the protection of such data.
We respond to all requests We receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
We further ensure Data security:
We have in place appropriate technical and organizational measures, to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of your Personal Data and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to your personal data, appropriate to the harm that might result from the unauthorized or unlawful processing or accidental loss, destruction or damage and the nature of the data to be protected, having regard to the state of technological development and the cost of implementing any measures. Those measures may include, where appropriate, pseudonymising and encrypting your personal data, ensuring confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of Our systems and services, ensuring that availability of and access to your Personal Data can be restored in a timely manner after an incident, and regularly assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of the technical and organizational measures adopted by us;
We use cryptographic one-way salted hash functions to store your information. The hashing flow cannot be reversed.
We are constantly reviewing and enhancing its technical, physical and managerial procedures and rules to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, accidental loss and/or destruction. We use industry standard TLS certificates to provide encryption of data in transit, for example, all access to Our websites and management portals is covered by HTTPS protocol.
All data are stored on secured servers. We use FireWalls and User access control management. Physically all servers are located in secured racks, access is restricted and protected by 5 levels of security;
To protect the data from loss or corruption, We use backups and store data encrypted on secured servers.
Data protection officer is involved, properly, according to the Applicable Laws and in a timely manner, in all issues which relate to the protection of personal data;
All personnel who have access to and/or process Personal Data shall keep the Personal Data confidential;
We may assist you, at your cost, in responding to any request from you and in ensuring compliance with your obligations under the Applicable Laws with respect to security, breach notifications, impact assessments and consultations with supervisory authorities or regulators;
We will notify you without undue delay on becoming aware of a breach of your personal data;
You understand and acknowledge that at Our request you shall assist Us in observing any obligations that may be incumbent on Us pursuant to the Applicable Laws in force at any time where your assistance is assumed and where your assistance is necessary for the observance of Our obligations. Your tasks in this respect shall be performed to the extent necessary and to this end at no cost to us.
You shall inform Us without undue delay, but not later than 24 hours and in writing of any infringements of any of the obligations specified in the Terms of Service Agreement. This shall also apply if there are substantive disruptions of the normal course of operations and if there are actual grounds to suspect data privacy infringements. You shall be obliged to provide Us with any and all information necessary for the compliance with Our obligations pursuant to the Applicable Laws.
You shall ensure that the access to your Personal Data is limited to those of your personnel who require such access to perform the Services.
Children’s Privacy.
We don’t knowingly collect information from persons under the age of 18, and person under 18 are prohibited from using Our Services. If you learn that a child has provided Us with Personal Information or Data in violation of this Privacy Policy, you can alert Us at dpo@ahcdn.com .
Miscellaneous.
If you have an account on the Service and have a password giving you access to certain parts of the Service, you are responsible for keeping the password confidential.  Anyone else with your password may access your Account and other Personal Data.
While We use commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to secure your information, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure and We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information or content you transmit to us. Any information or content you transmit to Us is done at your own risk.
You are entitled to access, correct or delete your information on the Service and may request Us to do so by contacting us.
Privacy Policy changes.
We reserve the right to change the Privacy policy, and will post any revisions on Out website www.ahcdn.com . We advise you to check this page regularly to see if any changes have been implemented.
Contact Us.
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to email Us at dpo@ahcdn.com .
To obtain Data Processing Agreement ("DPA") please contact dpo@ahcdn.com .
