Effective: May 25, 2018
What this policy covers
Your privacy is important to us, and so is being transparent about how we collect, use, and share information about you. This policy is intended to help you understand:
What information we collect about you
How we use information we collect
How we share information we collect
How we store and secure information we collect
How to access and control your information
How we transfer information we collect internationally
Other important privacy information
 
This Privacy Policy covers the information we collect about you when you use our products or services, or otherwise interact with us (for example, by attending our training or events), unless a different policy is displayed.  Kinetica, we and us refers to Kinetica DB, Inc., Kinetica Db Ltd., and any of our corporate affiliates.  We offer GPU accelerated database products. We refer to our products together with our other services and websites as “Services” in this policy. This policy also explains your choices about how we use information about you.  Your choices include how you can object to certain uses of information about you and how you can access and update certain information about you.  If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use our Services or interact with any other aspect of our business.
Please note that our Website Terms of Service, www.kinetica.com/tos , or our end-user license agreement may contain additional notices and terms that apply to our collection and use of data in connection with your use of our products. Also, please note that, unless we define a term in this Privacy Policy, all capitalized words used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Website Terms of Service or license agreement for the applicable products. Where we provide the Services under contract with an organization (for example your employer) that organization controls the information processed by the Services. For more information, please see Notice to End Users below.
INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO US
We collect information about you when you input it into the Services or otherwise provide it directly to us.
Account and Profile Information: We collect information about you when you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the Services. For example, you provide your contact information and, in some cases, billing information when you register for the Services. You also have the option of adding a display name, job title, and other details to your profile information to be displayed in our Services.  We keep track of your preferences when you select settings within the Services.
Content you provide through our websites: The Services also include our websites owned or operated by us. For example, you provide content to us when you provide feedback or when you participate in any interactive features, surveys, contests, promotions, sweepstakes, activities or events.
Information you provide through our support channels: The Services also include our customer support, where you may choose to submit information regarding a problem you are experiencing with a Service.  Whether you designate yourself as a technical contact, open a support ticket, speak to one of our representatives directly or otherwise engage with our support team, you will be asked to provide contact information, a summary of the problem you are experiencing, and any other documentation, screenshots or information that would be helpful in resolving the issue.
 
INFORMATION WE COLLECT AUTOMATICALLY WHEN YOU USE THE SERVICES
We collect information about you when you use our Services, including browsing our websites and taking certain actions within the Services.
Your use of the Services: We keep track of certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our Services. This information includes the features you use; the links you click on; the type, size and filenames of attachments you upload to the Services; frequently used search terms; and how you interact with others on the Services.
Device and Connection Information: We collect information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other devices you use to access the Services. This device information includes your connection type and settings when you install, access, update, or use our Services. We also collect information through your device about your operating system, browser type, IP address, URLs of referring/exit pages, device identifiers, and crash data. We use your IP address and/or country preference in order to approximate your location to provide you with a better Service experience.  How much of this information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the Services.
 
INFORMATION WE RECEIVE FROM OTHER SOURCES
We receive information about you from other Service users, from third-party services, from our related companies, and from our business and channel partners.
Other users of the Services: Other users of our Services may provide information about you when they submit content through the Services.  For example, we may receive your email address from other Service users when they provide it in order to invite you to the Services.  Similarly, an administrator may provide your contact information when they designate you as the billing or technical contact on your company’s account.
Other services you link to your account: We receive information about you when you or your administrator integrate or link a third-party service with our Services.  For example, if you create an account or log into the Services using your Google credentials, we receive your name and email address as permitted by your Google profile settings in order to authenticate you. You or your administrator may also integrate our Services with other services you use, such as to allow you to access, store, share and edit certain content from a third-party through our Services.  For example, you may authorize our Services to access, display and store files from a third-party document-sharing service within the Services interface.  Or you may authorize our Services to connect with a third-party calendaring service so that your meetings and connections are available to you through the Services. You may authorize our Services to sync a contact list or address book so that you can easily connect with those contacts within the Services or invite them to collaborate with you on our Services.  The information we receive when you link or integrate our Services with a third-party service depends on the settings, permissions and privacy policy controlled by that third-party service. You should always check the privacy settings and notices in these third-party services to understand what data may be disclosed to us or shared with our Services.
Kinetica Companies:  We receive information about you from companies that are owned or operated by Kinetica.
Kinetica Partners:  We work with a global network of partners who provide consulting, implementation, training and other services around our products.  Some of these partners also help us to market and promote our products, generate leads for us, and resell our products.  We receive information from these partners, such as billing information, billing and technical contact information, company name, what Kinetica products you have purchased or may be interested in, evaluation information you have provided, what events you have attended, and what country you are in.
 
How We Use Information We Collect?
How we use the information we collect depends in part on which Services you use, how you use them, and any preferences you have communicated to us.  Below are the specific purposes for which we use the information we collect about you.
To provide the Services and personalize your experience: We use information about you to provide the Services to you, including to process transactions with you, authenticate you when you log in, provide customer support, and operate and maintain the Services.  For example, we may use your stated job title and activity to return search results we think are relevant to your job function.  We also use information about you to connect you with other team members seeking your subject matter expertise. We may use your email domain to infer your affiliation with a particular organization or industry to personalize the content and experience you receive on our websites. Where you use multiple Services, we combine information about you and your activities to provide an integrated experience, such as to allow you to find information from one Service while searching from another or to present relevant product information as you travel across our websites.
For research and development:  We are always looking for ways to make our Services smarter, faster, secure, integrated, and useful to you.  We use collective learnings about how people use our Services and feedback provided directly to us to troubleshoot and to identify trends, usage, activity patterns and areas for integration and improvement of the Services. We also test and analyze certain new features with some users before rolling the feature out to all users.
To communicate with you about the Services: We use your contact information to send communications via email and within the Services, including confirming your purchases, reminding you of subscription expirations, responding to your comments, questions and requests, providing customer support, and sending you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and administrative messages.  We send you email notifications when you or others interact with you on the Services. We also provide tailored communications based on your activity and interactions with us. We also send you communications as you onboard to a particular Service to help you become more proficient in using that Service.  These communications are part of the Services and in most cases you cannot opt out of them.  If an opt out is available, you will find that option within the communication itself or in your account settings.
To market, promote and drive engagement with the Services: We use your contact information and information about how you use the Services to send promotional communications that may be of specific interest to you, including by email and by displaying Kinetica ads on other companies’ websites and applications, as well as on platforms like Facebook and Google.  These communications are aimed at driving engagement and maximizing what you get out of the Services, including information about new features, survey requests, newsletters, and events we think may be of interest to you.  We also communicate with you about new product offers, promotions and contests.  You can control whether you receive these communications as described below under “Opt-out of communications.”
Customer support: We use your information to resolve technical issues you encounter, to respond to your requests for assistance, to analyze crash information, and to repair and improve the Services.
For safety and security: We use information about you and your Service use to verify accounts and activity, to monitor suspicious or fraudulent activity and to identify violations of Service policies.
To protect our legitimate business interests and legal rights: Where required by law or where we believe it is necessary to protect our legal rights, interests and the interests of others, we use information about you in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and audit functions, and disclosures in connection with the acquisition, merger or sale of a business.
 
Legal bases for processing (for users in the EEA and Switzerland): 
If you are an individual in the European Economic Area (EEA) or Switzerland, we collect and process information about you only where we have legal bases for doing so under applicable EU or Swiss laws.  The legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. This means we collect and use your information only where:
We need it to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services;
It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as for research and development, to market and promote the Services and to protect our legal rights and interests;
You give us consent to do so for a specific purpose; or
We need to process your data to comply with a legal obligation.
 
HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We share information we collect about you in the ways discussed below, including in connection with possible business transfers, but we are not in the business of selling information about you to advertisers or other third parties.
SHARING WITH OTHER SERVICES USERS
When you use the Services, we share certain information about you with other Service users.
Managed accounts and administrators: If you register or access the Services using an email address with a domain that is owned by your employer or organization, and such organization wishes to establish an account or site, certain information about you including your name, contact info, content and past use of your account may become accessible to that organization’s administrator and other Service users sharing the same domain.  If you are an administrator for a particular site or group of users within the Services, we may share your contact information with current or past Service users, for the purpose of facilitating Service-related requests.
Community Forums:  Our website offers a publicly accessible forum and issue tracker. You should be aware that any information you provide on these websites – including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information – may be read, collected, and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites.  Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you input into these Services. To request removal of your information from publicly accessible websites operated by us, please contact us as provided below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why.
THIRD PARTY SHARING
We share information with third parties that help us operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market our Services.
Service Providers: We work with third-party service providers to provide website and application development, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you.  If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on our behalf, they do so under close instruction from us, including policies and procedures designed to protect your information.
Kinetica Partners: We work with third parties who provide consulting, sales, and technical services to deliver and implement customer solutions around the Services. We may share your information with these third parties in connection with their services, such as to assist with billing and collections, to provide localized support, and to provide customizations.  We may also share information with these third parties where you have agreed to that sharing.
Third Party Apps: You, your administrator or other Service users may choose to add new functionality or change the behavior of the Services by installing third party apps within the Services.  Doing so may give third-party apps access to your account and information about you like your name and email address, and any content you choose to use in connection with those apps.  If you are a technical or billing contact listed on an account, we share your details with the third-party app provider upon installation. Third-party app policies and procedures are not controlled by us, and this privacy policy does not cover how third-party apps use your information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third parties before connecting to or using their applications or services to learn more about their privacy and information handling practices. If you object to information about you being shared with these third parties, please uninstall the app.
Links to Third Party Sites: The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. If you submit information to any of those third party sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.
Social Media Widgets: The Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. Your use of and any information you submit to any of those third-party sites is governed by their privacy policies, not this one.
Third-Party Widgets: Some of our Services contain widgets and social media features, such as the Twitter “tweet” button. These widgets and features collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Services, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Widgets and social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Services. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
With your consent: We share information about you with third parties when you give us consent to do so.  For example, we often display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our public websites. With your consent, we may post your name alongside the testimonial.
Compliance with Enforcement Requests and Applicable Laws; Enforcement of Our Rights: In exceptional circumstances, we may share information about you with a third party if we believe that sharing is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, including to meet national security requirements, (b) enforce our agreements, policies and terms of service, (c) protect the security or integrity of our products and services, (d) protect Kinetica, our customers or the public from harm or illegal activities, or (e) respond to an emergency which we believe in good faith requires us to disclose information to assist in preventing the death or serious bodily injury of any person. Law enforcement requests can be directed to legal@kinetica.com.
Kinetica Affiliates: We share information we have about you with other Kinetica corporate affiliates in order to operate and improve products and services and to offer and support Kinetica Services.
 
HOW WE STORE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
Information storage and security: We use data hosting service providers in the United States and United Kingdom to host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data. While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from the intrusion of others.
How long we keep information: How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information, as described in further detail below.  After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible.
Account information: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services.  We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Where we retain information for Service improvement and development, we take steps to eliminate information that directly identifies you, and we only use the information to uncover collective insights about the use of our Services, not to specifically analyze personal characteristics about you.
Information you share on the Services: If your account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow your team members or other users to make full use of the Services.  For example, we continue to display messages you sent to the users that received them and continue to display content you provided.
Managed accounts: If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account.
 
HOW TO ACCESS AND CONTROL YOUR INFORMATION
You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations.
Your Choices: You have the right to request a copy of your information, to object to our use of your information (including for marketing purposes), to request the deletion or restriction of your information, or to request your information in a structured, electronic format.  Below, we describe the tools and processes for making these requests.  You can exercise some of the choices by logging into the Services and using settings available within the Services or your account. Where the Services are administered for you by an administrator (see “Notice to End Users” below), you may need to contact your administrator to assist with your requests first.  For all other requests, you may contact us as provided in the Contact Us section below to request assistance.
Your request and choices may be limited in certain cases: for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal information about another person, or if you ask to delete information which we or your administrator are permitted by law or have compelling legitimate interests to keep.  Where you have asked us to share data with third parties, for example, by installing third-party apps, you will need to contact those third-party service providers directly to have your information deleted or otherwise restricted.  If you have unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to a data protection authority in the country where you live, where you work or where you feel your rights were infringed.
Access and update your information: Our Services give you the ability to access and update certain information about you from within the Service. For example, you can access your profile information from your account.  You can update your profile information within your profile settings and modify content that contains information about you using the editing tools associated with that content.
Deactivate your account:  If you no longer wish to use our Services, you or your administrator may be able to deactivate your Services account. If you can deactivate your own account, that setting is available to you in your account settings. Otherwise, please contact your administrator. If you are an administrator and are unable to deactivate an account through your administrator settings, please contact Kinetica support.  Please be aware that deactivating your account does not delete your information; your information remains visible to other Service users based on your past participation within the Services.  For more information on how to delete your information, see below.
Retention and Deletion: Kinetica will retain your personal information for as long it is needed to provide you with Service(s); as needed for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection; as necessary to comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to honor opt-outs), resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements; or to the extent permitted by law. At the end of the retention period, Kinetica will delete your personal information in a manner designed to ensure that it cannot be reconstructed or read.
Request that we stop using your information:  In some cases, you may ask us to stop accessing, storing, using and otherwise processing your information where you believe we don’t have the appropriate rights to do so.  For example, if you believe a Services account was created for you without your permission or you are no longer an active user, you can request that we delete your account as provided in this policy.  Where you gave us consent to use your information for a limited purpose, you can contact us to withdraw that consent, but this will not affect any processing that has already taken place at the time. You can also opt-out of our use of your information for marketing purposes by contacting us, as provided below.  When you make such requests, we may need time to investigate and facilitate your request.  If there is delay or dispute as to whether we have the right to continue using your information, we will restrict any further use of your information until the request is honored or the dispute is resolved, provided your administrator does not object (where applicable).  If you object to information about you being shared with a third-party app, please disable the app or contact your administrator to do so.
Opt out of communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, updating your email preferences within your Service account settings menu, or by contacting us as provided below to have your contact information removed from our promotional email list or registration database.  Even after you opt out from receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive transactional messages from us regarding our Services. You can opt out of some notification messages in your account settings.
 
 
HOW WE TRANSFER INFORMATION WE COLLECT INTERNATIONALLY
We collect information globally and primarily store that information in the United States and the United Kingdom. We transfer, process and store your information outside of your country of residence, to wherever we or our third-party service providers operate for the purpose of providing you the Services.  Whenever we transfer your information, we take steps to protect it.
International transfers within the Kinetica Companies: To facilitate our global operations, we transfer information worldwide and allow access to that information from countries in which Kinetica’s corporate affiliates have operations for the purposes described in this policy. These countries may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the laws of many of the countries where our customers and users are based. When we share information about you within and among Kinetica corporate affiliates, we make use of standard contractual data protection clauses, which have been approved by the European Commission, and we rely on the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework to safeguard the transfer of information we collect from the European Economic Area and Switzerland. Please see our Privacy Shield notice below for more information or contact us as provided below.
International transfers to third parties: Some of the third parties described in this privacy policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share information of customers in the European Economic Area or Switzerland, we make use of the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, or European Commission-approved standard contractual data protection clauses to safeguard the transfer. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice below.
PRIVACY SHIELD NOTICE
Kinetica DB, Inc. participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks and the Privacy Shield Principles regarding the collection, use, and retention of information about you that is transferred from the European Union, the European Economic Area, or Switzerland (as applicable) to the U.S.  We ensure that the Privacy Shield Principles apply to all information about you that is subject to this privacy policy and is received from the European Union, the European Economic Area, and Switzerland.
Under the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, we are responsible for the processing of information about you we receive from the EU and Switzerland and onward transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. We comply with the Privacy Shield Principles for such onward transfers and remain liable in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles if third-party agents that we engage to process such information about you on our behalf do so in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
To learn more about the Privacy Shield Program, and to view Kinetica’s certification, please see here  www.privacyshield.gov .
We encourage you to contact us as provided below should you have a Privacy Shield related (or general privacy related) complaint.  Kinetica has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints to JAMS, an independent alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by Kinetica, please visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information and to file a complaint. You may also contact your local data protection authority within the European Economic Area or Switzerland (as applicable) for unresolved complaints.
 
OTHER IMPORTANT PRIVACY INFORMATION
NOTICE TO END USERS
Where the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g. your employer), that organization is the administrator of the Services and is responsible for the accounts and/or Service sites over which it has control. If this is the case, please direct your data privacy questions to your administrator, as your use of the Services is subject to that organization’s policies. We are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of an administrator’s organization, which may be different than this policy.
Administrators are able to:
restrict, suspend or terminate your access to the Services;
access information in and about your account;
access or retain information stored as part of your account;
install or uninstall third-party apps or other integrations
In some cases, administrators can also:
restrict, suspend or terminate your account access;
change the email address associated with your account;
change your information, including profile information;
restrict your ability to edit, restrict, modify or delete information
Even if the Services are not currently administered to you by an organization, if you use an email address provided by an organization (such as your work email address) to access the Services, then the owner of the domain associated with your email address (e.g. your employer) may assert administrative control over your account and use of the Services at a later date.  You will be notified if this happens.
If an administrator has not already asserted control over your account or access to the Services, you can update the email address associated with your account through your account settings in your profile.  Once an administrator asserts control over your account or use of the Services, you will no longer be able to change the email address associated with your account without administrator approval.
 
OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN
The Services are not directed to individuals under 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, we will take steps to delete such information. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information, please contact us at legal@kinetica.com .
CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the Services homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification. We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.  We encourage you to review our privacy policy whenever you use the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this privacy policy, you will need to stop using the Services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above.
CONTACT US
For information controlled by Kinetica and its corporate affiliates, if you have questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to Kinetica DB, Inc., which we have appointed to be responsible for facilitating such inquiries.
Kinetica DB, Inc.
San Francisco, CA 94111
Kinetica’s EU-based representative, Kinetica Db Ltd., also can be contacted at:
Kinetica Db Ltd.
Oxon OX26 6QB
In the EEA, you may make a complaint to our supervisory body for data protection matters (for example, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office) or seek a remedy through local courts if you believe your rights have been breached.
Email*
Country*
State*
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
Get a Demo
The best way to understand Kinetica is with a quick walk through from one of our sales engineers. We'll be able to answer any questions you have too.
Name*
First
Last
Email*
Phone
Company*
Country*
State*
Role
This iframe contains the logic required to handle Ajax powered Gravity Forms.
