Privacy & Security
The Mountain Rose Herbs website and the technologies used to transmit your order are protected through the Thwate security system. When you place an order online with Mountain Rose Herbs, the connection that transmits your data is secured through SSL 256-bit encryption technology.
Our Security Policy
Since our beginnings as a mail order shop in 1987, we have never sold or traded any of our customer information.
We currently use First Data to process credit cards online. Immediately after you place an online order with Mountain Rose Herbs, only a small handful of authorized employees have access to your order, and they will promptly print out your order for further processing in our offices. No member of our staff has access to your credit card number at any stage of processing. Your credit card number is transmitted to Mountain Rose Herbs, and it is provided to the First Data payment gateway. Your credit card number is not visible to any Mountain Rose Herbs employee throughout the entire order process. For questions about First Data’s privacy practices please email: dataprivacyoffice@firstdata.com .
For orders placed directly with our Customer Service Team, Terms Department, or at the Mercantile, your credit card data may be available from the moment of collection to the moment of authorization. All hard copy orders that have been printed, processed, and shipped are further filed in a secure and protected environment, and then they are shredded after a predetermined time. For certain Terms (resale/wholesale) customers, this Security Policy may be subject to other applicable policies and practices relating to your specific relationship with Mountain Rose Herbs; please refer to your agreement paperwork for specific terms contained therein.
No part of your financial information is ever stored on any computer with an outside connection to a publicly accessible network (Internet). We do, however, store contact information (excluding financial information) on multiple third-party servers and take the utmost caution to ensure its privacy.
Our Privacy Policy
Since our start in 1987, Mountain Rose Herbs has never sacrificed our customers’ personal information for the purpose of extending marketing relationships with outside firms. We have never sold, traded, or rented our mailing list or customer information. We make the decision to protect your privacy because that’s how we want to be treated. It’s just the right thing to do.
With regard to your online privacy, we collect the following pieces of information:
When you subscribe to any of our email communications, fill out any form on our website, or provide an email address during the checkout process, your email address will be stored on a third-party server. You may unsubscribe from email communications any time; however, your email address will still remain in our system. You can unsubscribe here .
We monitor our web logs by employing the use of “stat counters.” These assist us in determining possible page incompatibilities, dead links, and the most useful pages to our customers, and they help us create richer content. We do not store information about you, but rather we track information on the performance of our website, and the only identifiable information recorded is your computer’s IP address.
When you interact with our system, we store cookies in your browser that allow us to associate carts and checkouts with your shopping sessions. This information is used to improve your online shopping experience and personalize the content for the emails you receive from us, and it may impact the advertisements you see when visiting other websites. These cookies do not collect your personal information such as name, address, or billing information. You can opt-out of the advertisements by visiting Google’s Ad Settings or visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page .
Changes to Policy
We reserve the right to amend these Security and Privacy Policies at any time in order to address future developments of our business or changes in industry or legal trends. We will post the revised Policies on our website. Any changes will become effective upon the posting of the revised Online Privacy Policy on the website.
Our promise to you is that we will never sell or trade your information. We do not sell your buying habits. Every bit of information you have given to us stays safely with us and our trusted third-party partners—period.
All product categories
