We appreciate your use of and contributions to the www.homewyse.com website, Homewyse applications (including Homewyse Lists), and/or related services ("Services," or individually, a "Service"). Your privacy and personal information associated with these Services are very important to us. Our Privacy Policy detailed below explains how we collect, use and protect that information.
The Services are NOT for use in European Union countries.
Information We Collect and How We Use That Information
In providing our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:
Log Information - Our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you use our Services. The resulting server logs include information such as your request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We use this information to track Service use trends. None of this automatically collected technical information is associated with any identified person at the time it is collected, but it could be associated with you under two circumstances: First, if you choose to give us Personal Information as described below, the technical information we collect that would otherwise be anonymous could instead be logged as coming from you; and second, if we are required to disclose our server logs as a result of a subpoena or other legal process, some third party such as your internet provider could match our anonymous technical information with you, using information beyond what is found on our servers.
Cookies and Browser Storage - We use your browsers local storage to store your postal code for geographic specific calculations and to store settings and form data that you can choose to supply. We use cookies to store and maintain the state of Service sessions on the same computer. We may partner with third party advertisers who may (themselves or through their partners) place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These cookies enable more relevant ads, content or services to be provided to you. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies and use local storage, but you can configure your browser to refuse disable these options.
Third Party Services - We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit certain portions of our Services. These companies may use information about your visits to our Services and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We also use third-party services such as Add This to facilitate sharing of information from Homewyse Services through social media sites such as Facebook, Google+ and similar sites. These companies use anonymous information about your visits to measure overall page popularity and referral activity.
We have implemented Google Analytics in some of our Services, which tracks and manages cookie information so that we and third-party service providers can deliver more relevant and useful Advertising on portions of the service with advertising. We have also implemented Google Analytics impression reporting to better understand how ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Services. You can customize ads or opt out of certain ad matching features using the Google Ads Settings .
Personal Information you Provide - If you register with Homewyse, you provide Personal Information (email address and an account password) so that we can authenticate you into our system. If you choose to pay for a Homewyse Service, we will securely transmit personal information (such as name, address, and credit card billing information) required to complete payment, to trusted third party payment providers (such as Stripe and Paypal), using industry-standard encryption technology. If you submit a support or feedback question, your comments and email will be captured in our system and third party systems such as Uservoice - so that we may respond to and archive your inquiry. We consider such personal data from these sources to be "Private Data," and subject to the "Personal Data Protection" paragraph below, with the following exception: any other data (including the username you specified for your Homewyse account, and the text, numerical data, estimator configurations, form fields and work descriptions) you post to a publicly shared section of Homewyse Services (such as with Homewyse Lists), linked to or from our site, or share via a social networking or an "Add this" function, will NOT be considered "Private Data" and will NOT be subject to the "Personal Data Protection" paragraph below.
Personal Data Protection
Homewyse does not disclose to any third party Private Data you have given us, except as necessary for credit card processing and for complying with verified legal inquiries and directives. For credit card processing, your Personal Data is used by credit card processors to complete commerce transactions you authorize and guard against credit card fraud. For support and feedback issues, the email address you specify is used only to respond to your inquiries and requests. The only other exception, is if we are forced to disclose the information as a result of a subpoena or other legal process. You may correct or delete inaccurate Private Data information you have given us, although any credit card transactions that have already taken place will be unaffected. For legal reasons we may retain backup and/or archival copies of information prior to your corrections, amendments, or deletions. We take every reasonable precaution to protect your Private Data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You are responsible for taking every reasonable precaution on your end to protect any unauthorized person from accessing your Homewyse account.
Information Sharing
In addition to the uses of information described above, Homewyse will only share personal information with other companies or individuals outside of Homewyse in the following limited circumstances:
We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.
We provide such information to trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We may combine the information you submit with information from third parties in order to provide you with better information and to improve the quality of our services. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
With your approval, we may share specific project information you have specified and chosen in Homewyse Services - such as zip code, project type, project options and size of project - with selected third parties, if you choose to visit those sites from within our Services. We will only share information if you explicitly initiate a request to visit the third party site and you approve the information sharing policies of the third party.
Information Security
Homewyse has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We encrypt critical portions of our database, use SSL in many of our services and deploy other industry best practices for form data submission protection. We review our hosting, information collection, storage and processing practices to guard against unauthorized access to systems. We restrict access to personal information to Homewyse employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations.
Data Integrity
Homewyse processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary.
Accessing and Updating Personal Information
You can review and validate the information that we have collected about you by sending email to [privacy (at) homewyse.com] and requesting a review of your personal data. We make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes).
