The Privacy Policy of this website is here to help you understand how the information is collected and used in regards to your personal information that you provide us.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect two types of information when visiting our website.  Web site use information is collected on an aggregate basis when you or anyone else is browsing our website.  Personal information is collected when you knowingly decide to disclose this on the website.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Your Registration Information
You will provide us information about property, location, contact information, email address, etc when you use particular services on www.eveningclassifieds.com.  This includes being asked to be contacted by third parties regarding specified information.
Your Email Information
If you provide or request to correspond with us via email, we may keep the contents of your emails with your personal information and our responses.
2. Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called “cookies” (see explanation below, “What Are Cookies?”) and Web server logs to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. We, our advertisers, and ad serving companies may also use small pieces of code called “web beacons” or “clear gifs” to determine which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them.
As is a common practice on the internet, our site uses a standardized “cookies” (see below) and server logs to keep information about the use of our site.  This can include the date, time, pages viewed, and sites visited before or after our site.  We, ad serving companies, and other advertisers can use code called “web beacons” or “clear gifs” to determine additional activity online.
How Do We Use the Information That You Have Given to Us?
In general, we use information that is provided by you in order to provide services requested through ourselves and 3rd parties.  This includes customer service and offering additional products/services to you.  We can use this information to also provide you notices about changes, services, and additional offers.  You can contact us at any time to unsubscribe from us through our Contact Us page.
Cookies?
In web terms, a cookie is a text document that can contain an anonymous identifier.  We you visits web sites, the site requests your computer/device for permission to store this document on the hard drive you designate.  Each site can request a new cookie if you allow it to, but must obey the privacy settings that your have setup on your browser/device.
How Do We Use the Cookies?
As you surf and use our web site, the cookies identify you from other visitors so we can better customize the process for you.  This can also allow us to prevent you from seeing advertisements or asking you to login again.  We can use this information to determine the unique number of visitors to our site and what pages visitors are using or prefer.  In addition, pixels and/or tracking mechanisms can be placed or used in email messages by third parties.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
We reserve the right to make business agreements or partnerships with third parties who can be given access to your personal information provided including name, location, zip code, email, and phone number.  We may provide this information to third parties if we determine it will be used in a responsible manner.
We also utilize third parties for other aspects of our business, which includes sending emails and processing information.  These third parties may have access to personal information for business.  Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes.
To learn more about interest-based advertising in general and to opt out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices .
Notice of New Services and Changes
We can use this information to also provide you notices about changes, services, and additional offers.  You can contact us at any time to unsubscribe from us through our Contact Us page.
How Is Your Information Protected?
Secure Transmissions of Information?
Email is not currently thought of as a secure way to communicate.  So it is not recommended that you send us private information via email.  Please go to the Contact Us page if you have any concerns or questions.
Can You Change Your Information?
At any time, you may request a change to your personal information that we have collected through our Contact Us page.
Additional Disclosures
If required by law or subpoena, or we believe the action in necessary, we may disclose your personal information.  Examples of reasons:  1. Compliance with law or legal orders provided to us or our partners 2. Protect/defend our property and partners 3.  Any circumstance to protect safety of the website or its visitors or any third parties.
Advertisements or 3rd parties linking to the website?
Websites linked to and from our website are not our responsibility which includes any information or content they may contain.  We do provide 3rd party websites in order to give directional guidance for information that you may find useful.
IMPORTANT.  If you click a link or visit a 3rd party website, our privacy policy will no longer be in effect.  This includes any website that link back to our website.  You will be subject to that 3rd party website’s policies and rules.  Please review them.
Consent?
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on our Web site to keep you aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it.
With the use of our web site, you consent to our collection and use of any information.  Further information can be found in our Privacy Policy.  We will post any changes to this document or our privacy policy to keep you informed of information collected and its use.
California User Consumer Rights
California User Consumer Rights. In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, STE 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov. For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit: http://www.ftc.gov .
Privacy & Cookies Policy
