Disclaimer
This site may include facts, views, opinions or recommendations of individuals or organizations not affiliated with the Governor's Office. The Governor's Office does not endorse, guarantee, or warrant, either expressly or implicitly, the accuracy, completeness or timeliness of facts, views, opinions or recommendations on this website. The visitor uses this site and information provided on this site "as is," without warranty of any kind. This site may point or link to other Internet sites located on servers maintained by third parties, which may be of interest to the site visitor. The Governor’s Office makes no representations or warranty of any kind as to the accuracy or any other aspect of the information contained on such third party Internet servers, and does not endorse the content, products, services, or viewpoints contained within any linked sites, and assumes no responsibility for their content.
All photographs and videos are copyrighted and may not be used without permission. Permission to reproduce from this website for noncommercial purposes is freely granted. This permission statement must be included in any noncommercial reproduction. Commercial use of any reproduction of any portion of this website is strictly prohibited.
Privacy Policy
The Governor's Office analyzes server logs for statistical purposes only and does not use this information to personally identify users. This information is used internally to help our staff count the number of people visiting our website and the various Web pages within our site. This information helps us to maintain and improve our website for our visitors.  Information and comments collected from web forms are subject to public disclosure under the Texas Public Information Act. Non-governmental email addresses are not subject to disclosure unless the affected member of the public affirmatively consents to the disclosure of his or her e-mail address.
An individual is entitled, upon request, to:
know if information has been collected about that individual;
the receipt and review of the information collected under sections 552.021 and 552.023 of the Government Code;
the correction of inaccurate information under section 559.004 of the Government Code.
All of the above are subject to any applicable exceptions.
Web Analytics Data
OOG uses Google Analytics to measure traffic on our websites. Review the Google Analytics Terms of Use or learn more about how Google uses, collects, and processes analytics data. OOG's websites collect and store information each time you access them to enable us to measure the total number of visitors, and certain non-personal statistical information. This helps us make our websites more accessible and useful to visitors.
If you browse through our sites reading, printing, or downloading information, no sensitive information and no confidential information about you is collected.
The information we collect when you visit OOG's sites consists of:
The Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you are accessing the site(s)
The domain name of the Internet Service Provider (ISP) you are using to access the site(s) (e.g. Comcast.net or TimeWarnerCable.com)
The date and time you visited the site(s)
The web pages or services you accessed at the site(s)
Security
OOG's websites have reasonable security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your data and information that is under our control. Interactive applications and forms that collect sensitive or confidential information are encrypted using privacy and security safeguards such as a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) session or similar technology.
Appropriate computer, network, and Internet technical security controls at the employee and departmental level prevent unauthorized access to information voluntarily provided by you. Some of these security controls are: password and user identification verification, data encryption, confidential transmissions, secure storage areas, and audit trails.
Open Records Policy
The Public Information Act
Texas Government Code, Chapter 552, gives you the right to access government records; and an officer for public information and the officer's agent may not ask why you want them. All government information is presumed to be available to the public. Certain exceptions may apply to the disclosure of the information. Governmental bodies shall promptly release requested information that is not confidential by law, either constitutional, statutory, or by judicial decision, or information for which an exception to disclosure has not been sought.
To request Documents from the OOG:
If you want to view or obtain copies of agency records, please send a written request by hand delivery, mail, fax, OR e-mail to the following:
By Hand Delivery:
Information to be released
You may review it promptly, and if it cannot be produced within 10 working days the public information officer will notify you in writing of the reasonable date and time when it will be available.
Keep all appointments to inspect records and to pick up copies. Failure to keep appointments may result in losing the opportunity to inspect the information at the time requested.
Information that may be withheld due to an exception
By the 10th business day after a governmental body receives your written request, a governmental body must:
request an Attorney General opinion and state which exceptions apply;
notify the requestor of the referral to the Attorney General; and
 
Failure to request an Attorney General opinion and notify the requestor within 10 business days will result in a presumption that the information is open unless there is a compelling reason to withhold it.
Requestors may send a letter to the Attorney General arguing for release, and may review arguments made by the governmental body. If the arguments disclose the requested information, the requestor may obtain a redacted copy.
The Attorney General must issue a decision no later than the 45th working day from the day after the attorney general received the request for a decision. The attorney general may request an additional 10 working day extension.
Governmental bodies may not ask the Attorney General to "reconsider" an opinion.
Complaints
For complaints regarding failure to release public information please contact your local County or District Attorney.
You may also contact the Office of the Attorney General, Open Records Hotline, at 512-478-6736 or toll-free at 1-877-673-6839.
Questions or complaints about over-charging must be directed to the Office of the Attorney General’s Cost Rules Administrator at 512-475-2497.
Accessibility Policy
The OOG is committed to making its website accessible to all users, following the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) 2.0 Level AA. For more information, visit www.w3.org . We welcome comments and suggestions to improve the accessibility of our website.
If you use assistive technology and the format of any material on our website interferes with your ability to access the information, please report these issues through our contact page.
To enable us to respond in the most helpful way, please indicate the nature of the accessibility problem, the preferred format in which to receive the material, the Web address of the requested material, and your contact information. Every attempt will be made to resolve the problem; however, due to technological resource limitations we may be unable to address all issues.
P.O. Box 12428
Austin Texas 78711
