Search
Privacy Statement
Cuisinart is committed to respecting your privacy and recognising your need for appropriate protection and management of personal information you share with us (the phrase “personal information” means any information by which you can be identified, such as your name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, etc.) The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you what personal information we may collect from you, how we use such information, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to review and correct the information.
As a part of our commitment to your privacy, Cuisinart supports and adheres to and is bound by Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and is guided by National Privacy Principles in Australia. Unless we have your direct permission to do otherwise, we will only collect and use your personal information as set out in this privacy policy. Where we or our documents request personal information, we will state the purposes for its use and to whom it may be disclosed. We have agreed to (1) provide customers with notice of their ability to opt out of information rental, sale or exchange with other marketers; (2) honour customers’ requests not to share their information with other marketers; and (3) honour customers’ requests not to receive mail, telephone or other solicitations from Cuisinart.
Collecting Information About You
There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogues, or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself, such as your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. We may also maintain a record of your product purchases.
Whether or not to provide such information is completely your own choice. But if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to access certain services, offers and content on our web site. In addition, we may need to contact you via phone, email or mail to address questions or specific issues even if you have opted to not receive communications from us.
In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and analyse this data for trends and statistics, but individual users will remain anonymous, unless you voluntarily tell us who you are.
Using Information About You
We use the personal information you provide for internal purposes, such as subscription or registration, analysing trends and statistics, informing you of our new products, warranties, services and offers, and providing you with information from and about Cuisinart. We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including, shipping, data management, promotional services, etc. We call them our Service Providers. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours.
Editing, Updating, Correcting and Deleting Information About You
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from Cuisinart please let us know by sending us an email. Please be sure to include your email address, mailing address, full name, and specifically what information you do not want to receive. If you would like to update or correct your email address, mailing address or other personal information with us please contact us the same way.
Please note that any requests to remove or update your personal information may take up to ten days for your email request and 6-8 weeks to process your postal mail request.
Cookies
Our web sites use “cookies.” A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
We may contract with third parties who may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our Service Providers.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our web sites may contain links to web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access such linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information on such site.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our web site. Those changes will go into effect on the date posted in the notice. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our web site and will replace any prior policies that are inconsistent. This policy was posted on 5th August, 2011
Copyright 2011 Cuisinart | All Rights Reserved.
Cuisinart® is a registered trademark of Cuisinart, Stamford, CT, USA, 06902
