Home & Barware
Gifts
Digital Products
Home & Barware
Gifts
From Houseofnames.com
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE OF CONTENT
Please read these Terms and Conditions carefully before using this Web Site.
This Web Site is provided by Swyrich Corporation, ("Swyrich"), conditional on your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.  By browsing, accessing, using or downloading information from this Web Site or ordering products from this Web Site, you agree to accept and abide by these Terms and Conditions for each use and each visit to this Web Site.  If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, you may not use this Web Site.
The terms "you", "your" and "yours" refer to the user /customer utilizing this Web Site to obtain information on Swyrich's products or to purchase products.  The terms "we", "us" and "our" refer to Swyrich.
1. Changes to Terms and Conditions
Swyrich reserves the right, at any time, to modify these Terms and Conditions, and you agree to be bound by such modifications.  The modifications shall be effective immediately upon notice to you, which may be given by any means including, but not limited to, posting on this Web Site.
2. Permitted and Prohibited Uses; Warranty
Swyrich owns or has rights to all of the wallpaper, icons, coat of arms, surname histories, information, art work, images, data, logos, sounds, graphics, music, text, or other content of, or available from, this Web Site ("Content").  Swyrich hereby authorizes you to download and print pages of the Content, subject to these Terms and Conditions and the following conditions:
The Content shall not be altered in any manner including the removal of any copyright notice.
The Content shall be used only for personal, educational and non-commercial use, and in any event the Content shall not be redistributed, published, posted on the Internet, broadcast, retransmitted or copied in any manner whatsoever.
The foregoing restrictions apply to Content regardless of whether the Content is purchased.  These restrictions apply even if your use of the Content does not constitute a breach of Swyrich's copyright or other intellectual property rights in the Content.
The Content of this Web Site is provided strictly "as is"/"as available" without warranty or condition of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, any implied warranty or condition as to the satisfactory quality (or merchantability), fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement. The Content is subject to change at anytime by Swyrich in its sole discretion.
3. Copyright and Trademarks
All Content on this Web Site and all trade-marks, service marks and trade names used on this Web Site are subject to intellectual property rights including copyrights and trade-marks held by or licensed by Swyrich.  Except as expressly provided in these Terms and Conditions, no license to use or reproduce the Content is given to you and all intellectual property rights are expressly reserved.
4. Choice of law
These Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to have been made and performed exclusively in Ontario and shall be governed by and construed under the laws of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable in Ontario without giving effect to its conflict of laws principles.  You hereby submit to the exclusive forum, jurisdiction and venue of the courts of Ontario for any claim related to this Web Site and agree not to bring any action, claim, suit or proceeding against Swyrich (including its directors, officers, employees, representative, contractors, affiliates, agents, suppliers, successors or assigns) in any jurisdiction other than Ontario.
This page was last modified on 14 February 2011 at 14:45.
©2000-2018 Swyrich Corporation. See Terms of Use for details.
houseofnames.com is an internet property owned by Swyrich Corporation.
Suggested Reading
Our Rating:
The most comprehensive study of the Coats of Arms and family history all in a presentation suitable for framing.
Our Rating:
Over 20 years of research into the family history from the earliest records, showing spelling variations, early origins, notables, settlers and much more. Suitable for framing.
Our Rating:
"A fascinating history of the Viking age and its complex culture and influence
Tools
E-Newsletters:
Call us Toll free: 888-468-7686 or (613)384-9986
