FREE SHIPPING, RETURNS AND A SAMPLE ON ALL ORDERS!
Free Shipping on Orders $100+ and a Free Sample On All Orders!
FREE SHIPPING, RETURNS AND A SAMPLE ON ALL ORDERS!
FREE SHIPPING, RETURNS AND A SAMPLE ON ALL ORDERS!
FREE SHIPPING, RETURNS AND A SAMPLE ON ALL ORDERS!
FREE STANDARD SHIPPING ON EVERY ORDER. NO OFFER CODE NECESSARY.
Upgrade to 2nd Day Shipping for $5.00 or Overnight Shipping for $10.00.
Free Returns!
Exclusive Samples
SAMPLE M·A·C MUST-HAVES WITH EVERY ORDER. TAKE YOUR PICK AT CHECKOUT.
Free Shipping!
RECEIVE FREE STANDARD SHIPPING WITH ANY $100+ PURCHASE (AFTER DISCOUNT). NO OFFER CODE NECESSARY.
Free Returns!
Sign me up to Hear From M·A·C!
By clicking “Continue with Facebook”, I agree to MAC Cosmetics’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy .
Free Returns on all Orders. Free Shipping & Returns On All Orders
Seduced members receive exclusive members-only products and seasonal offers.
Devoted members receive a birthday gift, a 30-minute makeup application plus early access to select collections.
My M∙A∙C Select Obsessed Benefits
Obsessed members are the first to shop some of our most anticipated collections and get free 2-day shipping ($50 minimum).
Free Shipping & Returns
Shipping offer valid on orders shipped to US addresses. Free Standard Shipping and Returns* with any purchase. Upgrade to 2nd Day Shipping for $5.00 or Overnight Shipping for $10.00. Standard Shipping is always complimentary on MAC Gift Cards. No offer code necessary. Shipping offer not applicable to Pro members. Place order prior to 3:00 PM EST for same day processing. Please note, due to the volume of orders, processing may take 1-3 business days.
*For details on free returns, click here .
Thank you
Sign me up to hear from M·A·C Cosmetics about future products, services, events, offers, and to get early notice to shop online before products are in stores.
 
1–July–16
M∙A∙C Cosmetics (“we, us, or our”) respects your concerns about privacy and values the relationship we have with you. This Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect about our customers, M∙A∙C Select members and M∙A∙C Pro members, whether in-store, online or via one of our mobile applications, how we use the information, with whom we share it, and the choices available to our customers regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to protect the security of the information and how our customers, M∙A∙C Select members and M∙A∙C Pro members can contact us about our privacy practices.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
You may choose to provide personal information to us in a number of ways, such as when you participate in an offer or promotion, including the M∙A∙C Select loyalty program and the M∙A∙C Pro program, when you make a purchase on our site or in our stores, via our social media pages or through one of our mobile applications. The types of personal information you may provide to us includes:
Contact information (such as name, postal address (including business address for the M∙A∙C Pro program), email address, mobile or other phone number, and mobile service provider)
Age and date of birth
Gender
Username and password, nickname/screen name
Payment information (such as your payment card number, expiration date, delivery address and billing address)
Purchase history
Product preferences
Your physical characteristics and skincare concerns
Contact information for friends or other people you would like us to contact
Content you provide (such as photographs, videos, reviews, articles, survey responses and comments)
Information provided to us through social media networks or one of our mobile applications when you visit our social media pages or use one of our mobile applications (such as your name, profile picture, likes, location, friend list and other information described on the social media network or in application sign-up page, or your geo-location details when using one of our mobile applications)
Your M∙A∙C Select membership identification number (for the M∙A∙C Select program)
Your M∙A∙C Pro membership identification number and last name for verification of your professional status (for the M∙A∙C Pro program)
We may use the information you provide to:
Send you promotional materials or other communications (such as general M∙A∙C Cosmetics communications and specific M∙A∙C Select or M∙A∙C Pro communications)
Provide services to you
Process your payment card and/or gift card transactions
Create and manage your online account, including access to your online and in-store purchase history
Assist with product selection and replenishment, including through our in-store customer registry
Administer the M∙A∙C Select loyalty program
Administer the M∙A∙C Pro program
Respond to your inquiries (including requests and inquiries related to the M∙A∙C Select loyalty program or the M∙A∙C Pro program and your membership)
Tailor ads displayed to you on our site and elsewhere to your interests and history with us
Communicate with you about, and administer your participation in, special events, contests, sweepstakes, programs (such as M∙A∙C Select or M∙A∙C Pro), surveys and other offers
Operate and communicate with you about our social network pages or mobile applications
Operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; managing our communications; analyzing our products; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions)
Comply with applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies
We also may use the information in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection.
When you visit this site, view or click on our online advertisements (including our advertisements on third party websites), visit our social media pages or download and use one of our mobile applications, we also collect certain information about your usage or device by automated means or by using technologies such as cookies, web server logs and web beacons. For example, if you use one of our mobile applications, we may collect your IP address, your unique device identifier (or other device identifier) and/or geolocation data in order to offer you certain features or functionalities within that mobile application. As set forth in more detail below, we may also collect information about your usage and browsing habits using various web-based technologies.
For your convenience, our mobile applications may also include functionality that allows you to remain logged in to the application so that you do not have to reenter a password each time you want to access the application.  IF YOU CHOOSE TO REMAIN LOGGED IN, YOU SHOULD BE AWARE THAT ANYONE WITH ACCESS TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE WILL BE ABLE TO ACCESS AND MAKE CHANGES TO YOUR MOBILE ACCOUNT AND MAY BE ABLE TO MAKE PURCHASES THROUGH YOUR ACCOUNT.  For that reason, if you choose to remain logged in to the application on your mobile device, we strongly recommend you enable the Passcode Lock security feature on your mobile device to protect against unauthorized access to and use of your mobile device and your account in the application.
Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings in your browser.  Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies and how to restrict or disable certain cookies.  Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our website.
In conjunction with obtaining information through cookies, our web servers may log details such as your operating system type, browser type, domain and other system settings, as well as the language your system uses and the country and time zone in which your device is located. The web server logs also may record information such as the address of the web page that linked you to our site and the IP address of the device you use to connect to the Internet.
To control which web servers collect this information, we may place tags on our web pages called “web beacons.” These are computer instructions that link web pages to particular web servers and their cookies.
For Adobe Site Catalyst, please click here ;
For Coremetrics, please click here;
To disable Google Analytics, please download the browser add-on for the deactivation of Google Analytics provided by Google at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en . To learn more about privacy and Google Analytics please consult the Google Analytics overview provided by Google at: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html
Under California law, website and online service operators are required to disclose how they respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personal information about a consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites. We currently do not change our tracking practices in response to “do-not-track” signals or other similar mechanisms.
California law also requires website and online service operators to disclose whether third parties may collect personal information about their users’ online activities over time and across different sites when the users use the operator’s website or service. Third parties that have content or services on our site such as a social feature, analytics service, or an advertising network partner, may obtain information about your browsing or usage habits but this information does not include personal information.  These third parties do not change their tracking practices in response to “do-not-track” signals from your web browser and we do not obligate these parties to honor “do-not-track” signals. To learn more about browser tracking signals and “Do Not Track,” please visit http://allaboutdnt.org .
Our corporate affiliates. For additional information regarding our corporate affiliates please see http://www.elcompanies.com/ .
Third party service providers who perform services on our behalf based on our instructions. We do not authorize these service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. Examples of these service providers include entities that process credit card payments, fulfill orders and provide web hosting, advertising and marketing services.
Other third parties with your consent (e.g., some of our Facebook applications may share information collected through those apps with your Facebook friends or other Facebook users).
In addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity.
We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your personal information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information.
If you so elect, you may provide your mobile phone number to M∙A∙C Cosmetics. By submitting your mobile phone number, you consent to receive text message alerts from M∙A∙C Cosmetics containing product and event information, cosmetics tips or promotions that may be sent using automated dialing systems (“Text Messages”). Your consent to receive Text Messages is not otherwise required to purchase any goods or services from us. You may not consent to receive Text Messages on behalf of someone else or provide someone else’s phone number. You agree to enter into, sign and receive your consent to receive Text Messages electronically. Print this page using your Internet-connected computer or device and web browser to retain a copy of your consent. You can contact us as set forth under “How to Contact Us” below to request a free copy of your consent.
You may receive approximately 8 recurring texts per month. We do not charge a fee for you to receive Text Messages from us, however, your mobile service provider may charge you for sending and/or receiving text messages and air-time, as well as any other standard applicable rates charged by your mobile service provider. Participating Carriers are:
ACS Wireless
Cox Wireless
Pocket Wireless
Nextel
Cincinnati Bell
Plateau Wireless
Text Messages are distributed via third party mobile network providers and, therefore, we cannot control certain factors relating to message delivery or guarantee availability or performance of this service, including liability for transmission delays or message failures. To receive help with Text Messages, you can either text the word “Help” to 898622 or call 1.800.588.0070 or email MACTECH@MACCOSMETICS.COM .
You may unsubscribe from receiving M∙A∙C Cosmetics Text Messages any time by texting the word “STOP” to 898622 from your device. You may also choose not to receive Text Messages by emailing us at MACTECH@MACCOSMETICS.COM and specifying that this is your preference.
We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages in the course of your use of Text Messages. We will use the information we obtain in connection with our Text Messages in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
From time to time you may be asked to provide your mobile phone number to M∙A∙C Cosmetics in connection with specific text messaging programs (for example, in connection with M∙A∙C Select), which is in addition to the general M∙A∙C Cosmetics marketing text messaging program. That text messaging program may have additional or different terms and conditions from those set forth above, which will be presented you at the time that you opt-in to receive those text messages. In general, in order to stop receiving text messages from a specific M∙A∙C Cosmetics text messaging program, you can text STOP to the five digit short code for the text messaging program from which you no longer wish to receive message (i.e., the five digit number from which its text messages are being sent). You will then receive confirmation of your opt-out of that text messaging program. This will only opt you out of the specific text messaging program associated with that five digit short code. You will remain opted in to any other M∙A∙C Cosmetics text messaging programs that you have signed up for.
Email Opt-Out
You can at any time tell us not to send you marketing communications by email by clicking on the unsubscribe link within the marketing emails you receive from us or by contacting us as indicated below.  You also may opt out of receiving marketing emails from M∙A∙C Cosmetics by clicking here .
You may opt out of receiving M∙A∙C Select emails that are not necessary to provide you with M∙A∙C Select membership services by following the instructions provided in the email. Although you may opt out of M∙A∙C Select marketing emails, operational emails will still be sent to you. Examples of these include, but are not limited to, a redemption confirmation email, a profile update email, or other communications that relate to your account. In order to stop receiving all M∙A∙C Select emails, you must terminate your M∙A∙C Select membership.
You may opt out of receiving M∙A∙C Pro emails that are not necessary to provide you with M∙A∙C Pro membership services by emailing M∙A∙C Pro membership at promembership@maccosmetics.com or by accessing the “My Account” section of the M∙A∙C Pro segment of the site which includes an unsubscribe option.
Postal Mail Opt-Out
You can ask M∙A∙C Cosmetics to stop sending you marketing communications by postal mail by following the instructions that may be included in a particular promotion. You also can request that we refrain from sending you promotional postal mail by contacting us as indicated below.
Please note that all M∙A∙C Pro members must consent to receiving communications via postal mail as a condition of their membership.
Text Message Opt-Out
In general, in order to stop receiving text messages, you can text STOP to the five digit short code for the text messaging program from which you no longer wish to receive message (i.e., the five digit number from which the text messages are being sent).  You will then receive confirmation of your opt-out of that text messaging program. Please note that this will only opt you out of the specific text messaging program associated with that five digit short code. You will remain opted in to any other M∙A∙C Cosmetics text messaging programs that you may have signed up for. To unsubscribe from the M∙A∙C Cosmetics general marketing text messaging program you can text “STOP” to 898622 from your device.
You may also choose not to receive text messages by emailing mactech@maccosmetics.com and specifying that you no longer want to receive text messages.
Social Networking Application Opt-Out
To remove or delete our social media applications from your social networking account, follow the instructions from the social network:
Geo-Location Information
When you use one of our mobile applications, we may ask you for your geo-location. You may choose not to share your geo-location details by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. To decline from sharing your geo-location details, follow the instructions on your mobile device on changing the relevant settings; otherwise, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.
Withdrawing Consent
You may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal information. We will    apply your preferences going forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing your consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you cannot take advantage of some of our products or services.
Reviewing, Updating and Modifying Personal Information
Subject to applicable law, you may have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal data, and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate. The right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements.  We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
You may request to review, change or delete your personal information by sending an email to mactech@maccosmetics.com .
M∙A∙C Pro members may update their information by contacting:
M∙A∙C Pro Membership
2316 Delaware Ave
PO Box 289
Buffalo, NY 14216-2687
Please note that M∙A∙C Pro members will be asked for identification so that we can assure you are the individual making the request with respect to your personal information.
M∙A∙C Pro Membership Inquiries
Email: For Program information, please write to promembership@maccosmetics.com .
Telephone: You may also contact M∙A∙C Pro by phone:
For membership purchase or renewal: 877.553.5536
For Program information: 877.553.5536
Postal Mail: For membership purchase or renewal or for Program information, you may write to:
M∙A∙C Pro Membership
2316 Delaware Ave
PO Box 289
Buffalo, NY 14216-2687
If M∙A∙C Pro members have inquiries regarding M∙A∙C Pro’s privacy practices, or if members would like to receive a copy of the Privacy Policy or address concerns regarding the handling of personal information, please contact us at:
M∙A∙C Pro Privacy
130 Prince St, 2nd Floor
New York, NY 10012
15% OFF FOR M·A·C SELECT MEMBERS ONLY!
Join our free Loyalty Program for exclusive offers and members-only benefits.
