Privacy Policy for TireSize.com
At TireSize.com the privacy of our visitors is extremely important to us. This privacy policy outlines the types of information that are received and collected by TireSize.com and how they are used.
If you require more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@tiresize.com.
Server Log Files
TireSize.com may use log file data. The information inside log files includes IP addresses, type of browsers, Internet Service Provider, date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of visits to prevent fraud, analyze trends, administer the site, track users movement around the site.
Cookies
TireSize.com does use tracking cookies. Cookies are small files that a website transfers to your device through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the website's systems to recognize your browser and capture or remember certain information.
We use cookies to understand and save user's preferences for current and future visits to provide a better user experience.  For instance, if you use one of our filters or tire calculators we will save the tire information to cookies so that when you come back you can continue where you left off without having to re-enter the information.
We will also set Google Analytics cookies. This allows Google Analytics to collect, process and store compiled aggregate data that is not personally identifiable information about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future.  This data provides us with the necessary information to make informed decisions about our site and business strategies.
You can choose to have your device warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off cookies.  You can do this through your browser settings, however each browser may be a little different so you can try This Site to find information on how to edit your cookie settings.  Otherwise, you may need to visit your browser's help menu for information about editing settings.
Keep in mind if you turn cookies off, it will make your site experience less efficient and may not function properly.
Third Party Cookies
We use Google AdSense Advertising on TireSize.com
As a third-party vendor Google serves ads on our site. When doing so, they set cookies to your browser to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements such as counting ad impressions/clicks and detecting ad fraud.
Google also uses something they call the 'DoubleClick Cookie' which enables them and their partners to serve ads to you based on shared information about you and your visits to websites on the internet. This is known as 'Personalized Advertising' or 'Interest Based Advertising' and allows third party sites who are advertising with Google to set cookies on your device through the ad on TireSize.com.  We have no access to or control over these cookies that are used by any third-party.
Users may opt-out of Google's Personalized Advertising by adjusting your ad settings on the Google Ad Settings page .
EEA Visitors
Personalized Advertising has been disabled for our site through Google Adsense settings on our end.
Third Party Affiliates
Google Adsense (Including other Ad networks served by Google Adsense)
Commission Junction (4WD.com, 4WheelParts.com, TireRack.com)
Link Share (TireBuyer.com)
Ebay Partner Network
Impact Radius (DiscountTireDirect.com)
We have affiliate relationships with a number of online retailers and Marketing Networks. These relationships allow us to earn commissions on sales for traffic we send to their sites.  This is done through links we provide on our site that direct you to the respective site, along with a tracking pixel that enables our third-party Marketing Networks to track the performance of the ad placement.  For instance, to count how many times an ad has been seen and/or clicked on. When you click on an affiliate link on our site and are directed to another site they will be setting cookies on your device to attribute the sale and commission to the correct affiliate.
Once you have left TireSize.com through a link, we have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.  You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party sites for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.  TireSize.com's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
Privacy Policy Updates
Last Modified on 05-22-2018
We may occasionally make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will update the 'Last Modified' date above.
Popular Sizes
Tire Brands
