Last Updated March 15, 2018
We recognize, respect and protect the personal privacy rights of all our customers and work diligently to safeguard your privacy. We are committed to providing the highest level of security and privacy regarding the collection and use of our customers’ personal information, as well as the personal information of all consumers who visit our website. The following privacy policy explains how we use and protect the information about our customers. We ask that you read it carefully. By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Facts: What Do We Do with Your Personal Information?
Why?
Companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include, but is not limited to:
Information you enter on our website, such as:
Social Security number
Log files such as:
internet protocol (IP) addresses
How?
Companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons we choose to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons We Can Share Your Personal Information
Do We Share?
Can You Limit This Sharing?
For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Yes
Email us at support@badcreditloans.com
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing
Questions?
Bad Credit Loans
Tacoma, WA 98407
What We Do
How do we protect your personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How do we collect your personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you:
Create an account
Request a loan
Navigate to our website
We may also obtain information about you from third parties, including credit reports, information about your home, and demographic information.
Why can’t you limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only:
Sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Non Affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership and control, and with which we do not have a formal business relationship
Joint Marketing
Other Important Information
For California Residents
We will not share your personal information with non affiliates for their marketing purposes without your authorization. We will not share your personal information with other companies for joint marketing purposes if you instruct us not to by contacting us using the contact information below.
We do not track our customers over time and across third party websites, and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, we may use third-party services (e.g., Google Analytics) or have third-party advertising partners (e.g., Google, noted above) who may keep track of your browsing activities. You should review the specific privacy policies of these third parties at the following addresses to learn how they respond to DNT signals:
For Vermont Residents
We will not disclose information about you with affiliates or non-affiliated, third party companies or financial institutions, other than as required or permitted by law, without your express permission.
For North Dakota Residents
We will not disclose information about you with non-affiliated, third party companies or financial institutions, other than as required or permitted by law, without your express permission.
Cookies
A cookie is a file which contains data that is stored on a visitor’s hard drive.  This data includes information about the visitor.  A visitor has the option to reject a cookie and they still will be able to access our Website, however, the user may not have access to certain sections of our Website if cookies are disabled.  The purpose of using cookies is to allow us to track the intent of our visitors and enhance visitor experience while using our Website.  All cookies, including session cookies and persistent cookies, served on the Website are tied to PII that you provide.  Our affiliates and partners may use cookies on our Website, however, we cannot control or access cookies set by third parties.
Additional Sharing
We cannot guarantee that all of your PII will not be disclosed in ways not covered in this Privacy Policy. There may be circumstances in which the disclosure of your information happens as result of unlawful interception or transmission to a third party. Also, a legal situation may occur in which the disclosure of your PII or other information is required. Additionally, as we develop and grow, we may choose to buy additional businesses or assets, including customer information. In the event that we or one or more of our assets are acquiring, customer information may be one of the assets sold.
Minors
We do not knowingly collect information form children under the age of 18. No information is knowingly collected from children or used for any purpose whatsoever, including marketing and promotional purposes. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 18 has provided us with PII through any point of contact, please contact us using the contact information provided in the “Questions” section below.
Unsubscribe
You can remove your information from our contact list at any time with no questions asked. To remove your information from our database to no longer receive future communications from us, please contact us using the contact information provided below.
Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy with any changes to our information practices. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make any material changes to our information practices, we will revise this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you read and review this Privacy Policy each and every time you access our website and/or use any service referred to you by us. Your use of the website constitutes your agreement to the terms of the effective Privacy Policy.
Loan Finder
Get Started Today!
Our online loan request takes just minutes! Fill out the form below for instant approval!
Requested Amount:
E-Mail:
By submitting your information you understand and agree to our Privacy Policy , Terms of Use , and E-Consent . Be sure to check out our Rates & Fees as well as our Responsibility Pledge .
Learn MoreYour Place For More Info
 
BadCreditLoans.com (the “Website”) is operated by Chief LLC (the “Website Operator”), which is a limited liability company established in Nevada. By your use of this Website you consent to the laws and jurisdiction of Nevada as it relates to your use of this Website.
Legal Disclaimer: The purpose of this website is to connect potential borrowers with the lenders and financial service providers that advertise on this website. The operator of this website is neither a lender nor a broker and does not make any credit decisions. This website merely takes information from consumers and forwards it to lenders and third parties who may be able to provide the types of loans that may meet the consumers needs. For those consumers who do not qualify for a Personal Loan, we will refer you to alternative lenders and providers. This website shall not be considered an offer or solicitation for a loan. There is no guarantee that you will be approved for any type of loan. We do not charge you for the service we provide and are not a representative or agent of any lender or third party provider. We are compensated by lenders and third parties. The time it takes for money to transfer to your account will vary by lender and also depend on your individual financial institution. You may be required to fax information to your lender in order to receive a loan. This service and lenders are not available in all states. If you have any question regarding the details of your loan, you should contact your lender directly. Personal loans and other types of loans should not be considered a long term financial solution. They are means to provide short term financing to solve immediate financial needs. Lenders and third party providers may perform a credit check with one or more credit agencies. These credit checks can have an impact on your credit score. By submitting your request, you are authorizing the lenders and third party providers to independently verify the information you submitted and your credit worthiness. Nothing on this website shall constitute an offer or solicitation for a loan.
