Privacy Policy
Belvoir Media Group LLC respects the privacy of every individual who visits any Belvoir Media Group LLC website ("Sites"). This Privacy Policy describes the information Belvoir Media Group LLC will collect and how we will use that information.
Personally-Identifiable Information
There are cases where Belvoir Media Group LLC may ask you for personally-identifiable information such as your name, mailing address, and email address. Examples include, but are not limited to, online shopping transactions, signing up for an email newsletter, registering on our Sites, or participating in sweepstakes. Belvoir Media Group LLC may also update existing customer records with third-party data.
Belvoir Media Group LLC may:
use that information to contact you for informational and promotional purposes;
process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services and store it indefinitely;
use and disclose that information to third parties to the extent necessary to provide you with products or services you have ordered;
disclose that information to third parties when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Belvoir Media Group LLC's rights or property, other members or users of the Web Site, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities;
disclose that information to third parties when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; and
transfer such information to successors of our business assets.
Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise stated at the time personally-identifiable information is gathered, we will not provide personally-identifiable information to third parties.
2. Financial Information
Belvoir Media Group LLC may ask you for certain information (such as your credit card number and expiration date) when you order products through the Belvoir Media Group LLC online store. Belvoir Media Group LLC may use this information for processing your order and may share this information with credit card processing companies and any other third party that may need the information in order for your order to be processed. These organizations have their own privacy and data collection practices. Belvoir Media Group LLC has no responsibility for these independent policies.
3. Non-Personally-Identifiable Information
Belvoir Media Group LLC may also collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information may include your gender, interests and preferences. Belvoir Media Group LLC may share this information with advertisers, business partners, and other third parties. For example, Belvoir Media Group LLC may inform a sponsor that the membership of a given website is x percent females and y percent males.
4. Information Collected Automatically
Belvoir Media Group LLC may also automatically collect non-personally-identifiable information about your use of the Sites, such as the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account), the date and time you access the Sites, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Sites. This information will not be linked to personally-identifiable information. Belvoir Media Group LLC may use this information to analyze and enhance the Sites, and may aggregate this information and share such aggregated information with business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
5. Release of user information. A customer's name and mailing address may be released for one-time use to carefully screened third-party mailers who offer products or services that may be of interest to our readers. Customers may opt out of receiving these third-party mailings by requesting to have their account marked "do not mail" by contacting customer_service@belvoir.com . Non-customers may also have their names removed from our future mailings by contacting customer_service@belvoir.com to have your name added to our suppression file.
6. Cookies
When you view the Sites, we may store some a "cookie" or similar file on your computer. Cookies are widely used on the Internet and contain no personal information. For example, cookies allow us to tailor the Sites to better match your interests and preferences. Cookies also help ensure that information like your shopping cart or login to the site is maintained as you browse. You can ask your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent if you do not wish to accept cookies. You can also manually delete all cookie files from your computer.
7. IP Addresses
This site uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movements inside the site, determine which site referred users to us, and gather very general demographic information. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information
7. Children
The Sites are not directed at individuals under thirteen years of age, and Belvoir Media Group LLC does not intend to collect any personally-identifiable information from such individuals.
8. Links to Other Web Sites
The Sites allow links to various other web sites. Belvoir Media Group LLC assumes no responsibility for the information practices of sites you are able to access through the Sites. These links to other sites do not imply affiliation or endorsement of a linked site.
9. Security
The importance of security for all personally-identifiable information associated with our users and members is of utmost concern to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally-identifiable information, Belvoir Media Group LLC can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your personally-identifiable information, we will take reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems.
10. By using the Sites, you signify your assent to the Belvoir Media Group LLC Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
11. Whom to Contact
To remove or change your contact information in our database, or to not receive future mailings or other communications, as well as for all other inquiries, please use one of the following methods:
On some of our Sites you may unsubscribe from our list by visiting the Email signup page link and at the bottom of the page click on Click here under Change or Cancel Subscription.
All of our email newsletters contain an UNSUBSCRIBE link at the bottom of the email. Look for the words "Click here to remove your email address" or "Unsubscribe" and click on that link.
For other inquiries and information requests including removal of your name and other information from our database please use the Contact Us form on the pages of our Sites.
You may also contact us at customer_service@belvoir.com or call 1-203-857-3100.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE
1. Introduction
This page states the terms and conditions ("Terms") under which you may use any Belvoir Media Group LLC ("Belvoir Media Group LLC") web site ("Sites"). Please read this page carefully. If you do not accept the Terms, do not use the Sites or order any products from the Sites. By using the Sites or ordering any product from the Sites, you are indicating your agreement to be bound by the Terms. Belvoir Media Group LLC may revise the Terms at any time by posting an update to this page. You should visit this page periodically, because your continued use of the Site after we post changes to the Terms means you have accepted the changes. The terms "you" and "user" refer to all individuals and/or entities accessing the Sites for any reason.
2. Use of Material
The contents of the Sites, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, sounds, images and other material ("Material"), are owned by Belvoir Media Group LLC and third party service providers ("Service Providers") and are protected by United States and foreign intellectual property laws. Unauthorized use of the Material may violate copyright, trademark and other laws.
You may not sell or modify the Material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The Material may not be used on any other web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose.
You may not copy or adapt the HTML or other code that Belvoir Media Group LLC uses to generate its pages. This code is also protected by Belvoir Media Group LLC's copyright and other intellectual property rights.
3. Site Use
A. General Rules: You may not use the Sites in order to transmit, distribute, store or destroy material (a) in violation of any applicable law or regulation, (b) in a manner that will infringe the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property rights of others or violate the privacy, publicity or other personal rights of others, or (c) that is defamatory, obscene, threatening, abusive, hateful, or otherwise objectionable, in our sole discretion.
B. Security Rules: You may not violate or attempt to violate the security of the Sites or use the Sites to violate the security of other websites by any method, including, without limitation: (a) accessing data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access, (b) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measurers without proper authorization, (c) attempting to interfere with service to any user of the Sites, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the Sites, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," or "crashing" the Sites, (d) sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, or (e) forging any Belvoir Media Group LLC packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability. Belvoir Media Group LLC may investigate violations of the Terms and may involve and cooperate with law enforcement authorities in prosecuting users who are involved in such violations.
4. Linking to the Sites
We welcome links to any Belvoir Media Group LLC web site, but any link must not:
frame or create a browser or border environment around the Web Site;
imply that Belvoir Media Group LLC is endorsing your web site or your products or services;
misrepresent your relationship with Belvoir Media Group LLC;
present false information about products or services on the Site;
use our trademarks or logos without prior permission from us; and
contain content that we might consider distasteful or offensive.
5. Information
Please see Belvoir Media Group LLC's Privacy Policy for details regarding our use of information collected from users of the Sites.
6. Purchases from the Sites
The following additional terms apply to users purchasing goods from the Sites:
A. Prices & Availability. Prices are in U.S. dollars. Promotional offers and prices are for a limited time. Prices are subject to change without notice and do not include shipping and handling charges or applicable taxes.
B. Modifications. We may modify and discontinue products at any time.
C. Shipments. Belvoir Media Group LLC accepts and ships orders for preorders and for products that are in stock. We will accept a return or exchange books and credit your method of payment (minus shipping and handling costs). We cannot refund shipping charges except when the book shipped to you was damaged or the wrong product was shipped as a result of our error. Please send your return to:
Belvoir Media Group LLC
535 Connecticut Ave
Norwalk, CT 06854
If you have any further questions, please call, 1-203-857-3100, or email us at: Customer_Service@Belvoir.com .
D. Credit Card Information. If you choose to purchase a product online using a credit card, you accept all risks associated with doing so, including the risk that your credit card number or other information could be intercepted in transit. You understand that we will not be liable for any charges which may be made on your credit card as a result of interception, or any other misuse of your credit card or information transmitted or mis-transmitted to us.
E. Shipping Charges, Taxes. Separate charges for shipping and handling may apply. You are responsible for any sales and other taxes associated with the order, however designated. If applicable, a separate charge for taxes will be shown on the invoice. Sales tax is calculated based on the state and local tax of the shipping address. Once your order is placed, you will receive an e-mail confirming your order and a total including sales tax.
F. Title. Title to and risk of loss of products passes from us to you on shipment from our facility.
G. Errors. Belvoir Media Group LLC will not be responsible for typographical or other errors or omissions regarding prices or other information.
7. Belvoir Media Group LLC's Liability
The Material may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. We make no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Sites or the Material. The use of the Sites and the Material is at your own risk. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add, or remove portions of the Sites at any time without notice.
You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content, and accuracy of any material you place on the Sites.
BELVOIR MEDIA GROUP LLC DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE SITES WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THE SITES OR ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL MECHANISMS. IF YOUR USE OF THE SITES OR THE MATERIAL RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACEMENT OF YOUR OR ANOTHER'S EQUIPMENT OR DATA, WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
THE SITES AND THE MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTY (A) THAT THE SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE, (B) THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, (C) THAT THERE ARE NO VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, (D) THAT THE SECURITY METHODS EMPLOYED WILL BE SUFFICIENT, AND (E) REGARDING CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, OR RELIABILITY.
8. Limitation of Liability and Remedies
THE MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BELVOIR MEDIA GROUP LLC UNDER ANY CONTRACTUAL, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY FOR ANY ORDER THROUGH THE SITES WILL BE LIMITED EXCLUSIVELY TO A REFUND OF PAYMENTS WE RECEIVED FROM YOU RELATING TO SUCH ORDER.
NEITHER WE NOR OUR SERVICE PROVIDERS SHALL BE LIABLE FOR (I) ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF ANY ORDER FROM BELVOIR MEDIA GROUP LLC'S ONLINE STORE OR THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES OR ANY INFORMATION PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES, OR ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEB SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY LOST PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF PROGRAMS OR OTHER DATA, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR (II) ANY CLAIM ATTRIBUTABLE TO ERRORS, OMISSIONS OR OTHER INACCURACIES IN THE SITES, THE SERVICE OR ANY HYPERLINKED WEB SITE.
9. Links to Other Sites
The Sites contain links to third-party websites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by us of the content on such third-party websites. We are not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and do not make any representations regarding the content, suitability, or accuracy of materials on such third-party sites. If you decide to access linked third-party sites, you do so at your own risk.
Belvoir Media Group LLC cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from Belvoir Media Group LLC because these sites are owned and operated by independent retailers. We do not endorse any of the goods or services, nor have we taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained in such third-party sites. Belvoir Media Group LLC does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites and activity. We strongly encourage you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or off-line transaction with any of these third parties.
10. Termination
Belvoir Media Group LLC reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without liability to you, to immediately terminate your ability to access the Sites and/or any other service we may provide to you, with or without cause. Without limiting the foregoing, we may terminate your access if we learn you have provided false or misleading information, interfered with other users or the administration of our services, or otherwise not complied with any of the Terms.
11. General
Belvoir Media Group LLC makes no claims that the Materials may be lawfully viewed or downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Materials may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Sites from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. The Terms are governed by the internal substantive laws of the state of Connecticut, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Jurisdiction of any claims arising under the Terms will lie exclusively with the state or federal courts within the state of Connecticut and you consent to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of such courts if there is a dispute between you and us. You may not institute any action in any form arising out of use of the Sites, the Materials or the Terms more than eighteen (18) months after the cause of action has arisen. If any of the Terms is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, that invalidity will not affect the validity of the remaining Terms, which will remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any Term will be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such provision or any other provision. Except as expressly provided in another statement by Belvoir Media Group LLC on the Sites, the Terms constitute the entire agreement between you and us with respect to the use of Sites. No changes to the Terms may be made except by a revised posting by us on this page, and no waiver of any Term will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by us.
Updated 5/23/18
