Our passion is your protection. Our comprehensive plans cover all types of identity theft – from start to finish.
We protect you from the start with our monitoring technology and alert notifications. If fraud occurs, we work on your behalf to restore your identity, saving you time and frustration. Rest easy with up to $1 million of insurance coverage and the only protection with a 100% Recovery Guarantee.
Last Updated: 5/24/2018
Identity Theft Guard Solutions, Inc. d/b/a ID Experts (“ID Experts”) provides leading identity theft and data breach solutions. Privacy is core to what we do. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and disclose information when you sign up for our identity protection or data breach services, use our websites and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”), or when you otherwise interact with us (for example, through surveys or customer service centers).
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy. In some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
Collection of Information
Information You Provide to Us
When you sign up to receive our Services, we collect your name, email address, postal address, date of birth, social security number and, in some cases, your payment information. When you sign up for a Family Plan, we also collect the names and mailing addresses of any dependents or other family members that you include in your plan.
We also collect any other information you provide directly to us, such as when you sign up to receive our emails or text message alerts, fill out a form, participate in a contest or promotion, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. This information may include your name, email address, phone number, or other personal information.
When you enroll in our dark web monitoring tools, you have the option to provide us with additional information, including your bank account and routing, debit or credit card, driver’s license, passport, and/or medical identification numbers.
Information We Collect From Sponsors of Our Services
When your employer or other entity pays or offers to pay for you to use our Services, they may provide us with your name and other personal information so that we can offer you the ability to enroll in the Services.
Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services
When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Alert Information: We collect information about the alerts that are triggered by your use of our Services, and we may collect credit information related to these alerts.
Log Information: We collect log information about your use of the Services, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services.
Device Information: We collect information about the computer or mobile device you use to access our Services, including the hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, approximate location, and mobile network information.
Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We use various technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below.
Information We Collect From Other Sources
We may also obtain information from other sources, such as mailing list providers, and combine that with information we collect through our Services.
Information Recorded by Third Party Servers
This website makes use of Google Analytics, an external service, to obtain statistics about the usages of the site. The information collected is used to provide ID Experts with aggregated statistics about the number of browser visits, usage patterns, and site referrals. Google has its own privacy policy and self-certifies compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield framework that the U.S. Department of Commerce developed in consultation with the European Commission to meet the European ‘adequacy’ standard for privacy protection. Googles privacy policy can be found here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en
You may opt out of the use of Google Analytics cookies by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On, found here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
Use of Information
We use the information we collect to provide and improve our Services, such as to alert you of changes to your credit history and to bill you for the Services. We may also use the information we collect to:
Send you technical notices or alerts;
Respond to your comments, questions, and customer service requests;
Communicate with you about products, services, and offers from ID Experts and others;
Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and user activity;
Detect, investigate, and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of ID Experts and others; and
Personalize and improve the Services and inform you about products or services that may be of interest to you.
Sharing of Information
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With credit bureaus in order to receive information about your credit activity and send you alerts;
When you enroll in one of our Services in connection with an employer or other entity, we may share the fact that you enrolled in our Services with your employer or other entity, such as a referral partner, promoting or sponsoring services to you, or in response to an audit as may be required by your employer or such other entity, strictly limited to the purposes for which an audit may be initiated;
With vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf, including marketing our products and services;
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, or legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ID Experts or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company;
Between and among ID Experts and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.
Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by ID Experts and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices .
Security
ID Experts takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.
Transfer of Information to the U.S. and Privacy Shield
ID Experts is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the U.S. and other countries, where you may not have the same rights and protections as you do under local law.
If we transfer personal information from the European Union or Switzerland to the United States, we comply with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. ID Experts has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
If you have concerns about our compliance with the Privacy Shield program, you should contact us at PrivacyOfficer@idexpertscorp.com . If you are unable to resolve your concern or dispute with us, you may file a complaint with the Better Business Bureau, ID Expert’s designated independent dispute resolution provider, by visiting www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ . Under certain conditions specified by the principles of the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, you may also be able to invoke binding arbitration to resolve your complaint. ID Experts is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC. If ID Experts shares EU or Swiss data with a third-party service provider that processes the data solely on ID Experts’ behalf, then ID Experts will be liable for that third party’s processing of EU or Swiss data in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, unless ID Experts can prove that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
Your Rights and Choices
Account Information
You may update, correct or delete information about you at any time by logging into your online account. You may exercise your right to withdraw your consent to the Services at any time. The withdrawal of consent will require deactivation of your account. To withdraw consent and deactivate your account, please contact support by dialing 800-939-4170. If you wish to exercise your right to data portability or right to erasure, please email us at PrivacyOfficer@idexpertscorp.com , but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for up to 12 months. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you elect to opt out of accepting cookies from our site, you can set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services.
Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from ID Experts by clicking the unsubscribe link in those emails. If you opt out, we will still send you non-promotional emails, such credit alerts, technical messages, and other messages related to our ongoing business relations.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email us at PrivacyOfficer@idexpertscorp.com or mail us at:
ID Experts
Portland, OR 97223
