Due to Hurricane Florence, hospitals in the area may be closed. Please visit your hospital’s detail page to see if it is impacted by the hurricane.
Search
Last Updated April 12, 2018
Privacy Statement Overview and Summary
 
 
 
 
This Privacy Statement applies to information, including personal information, collected from or about you by us.
 
 
What information do we collect?
 
Information about the transactions you make with us
Demographic information about you
Information you post or submit to us
 
 
 
 
How do we share and disclose your information?
 
 
With our service providers
To third parties for their marketing purposes
For our other legitimate business purposes, including legal compliance
 
 
 
 
How do we safeguard your information?
 
 
 
 
 
 
This Privacy Statement describes the types of information we may collect from you or about you or that you may provide when you visit the website www.banfield.com , or any website, mobile application, or other service that displays a link to this Privacy Statement (hereinafter referred to as a "Site" or the "Sites").  This Privacy Statement does not apply to Banfield websites, mobile applications, and other services and products that do not display or include a link to this Privacy Statement or that have their own privacy statement.  This Privacy Statement applies to your "personal information," which is any information or combination of information that could reasonably be used to identify you, and any other information collected from or about you.
Please read this Privacy Statement carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Sites. By accessing or using this Site, you agree to this Privacy Statement. This Privacy Statement may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Statement periodically for updates.
We hope that you enjoy our Sites and will come back often to visit! 
 
We may collect various information that you provide to us that can identify you, including:
Personal contact details such as your name, addresses, telephone numbers, or e-mail addresses, when you provide them to us during online registration. Some of our Sites also allow you to establish a user name and password to set up an account.
Transaction-related information regarding purchases, requests, or other transactions you make on our Sites, including payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information) and shipping details.
Employment-related information including your indicated job preferences, work history, and information provided on applications submitted to us online.
Demographic information such as age, gender, hobby or activity information, tastes and preferences, and similar information.
Comments, photos, or other information that you post on public areas of each Site, through blogs, message boards, or social networking opportunities (for further information please see the What about blogs, message boards and social networking opportunities or other interactive forums? section below).
 
We also collect certain types of information automatically:
Your Internet Protocol (IP) address or device identifier, your device’s operating system, your browser type and language, access times, websites you visit before or after you visit our Sites, pages viewed and activities conducted at our Sites, as well as your interaction with any advertisements that may be included on our Sites.
Third-party service providers and advertising partners may also collect information automatically. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements.
 
We may use your information, including your personal information, for a variety of purposes including: 
To fulfill your requests for, and enable your use of, our features, products, and services, including management of features such as a My Banfield online client account.
To enter you in contests, to notify you of results, and to register you for certain features, products, and services.
To communicate with you, to respond to your questions or comments, to provide you with updates and news, and, if applicable, to alert you when job vacancies that fit your profile arise (in the event that you submit your resume).
To provide you with personalized content and information.
To send you brochures, coupons, samples, offers, and other information on our products or our family of companies. We ask visitors providing e-mail addresses to indicate if they would like further information or updates from us or our website and only those who request it will receive these types of communications from us. We may also ask if you would like to receive information about other products available from members of our family of companies.  Note that, regardless of your choices or stated preferences, you may still receive communications from us that facilitate, complete or confirm a commercial transaction that you have already agreed to enter with us ("transactional communications"), such as communications about your pet's health and appointment reminders, the completion of your registration, correction of user data, password reset requests, confirmation of transactions, shipping notices, and other similar communications essential to your transactions with us.
To enforce our terms and conditions.
To manage our business.
We may use financial information or payment method to process payment for any purchases, subscriptions or sales made on our Sites, to protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.
You may have the ability to "opt-out" of certain of our uses of your information, and in some instances, you may need to "opt in" before we contact you in certain ways.  For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information .
We may share or disclose your information:
With our subsidiaries, affiliates, and business partners.
With vendors or agents. For example, we may share your information with companies we have hired to provide services for us or on our behalf. When we share information with these other companies to provide services for us, they are not allowed to use any information that can personally identify you for any other purpose and must keep such information confidential unless you otherwise consent.
Where your information may be transferred along with other business assets.  For example: to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Banfield's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Banfield about our Site users is among the assets transferred.
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
To third parties for their marketing purposes.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
At your direction or request or with your consent.
We may also share or disclose personal information, including the content of your communications:
To comply with the law or respond to legal process or lawful requests, including from law enforcement and government agencies.
To conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible illegal activity, to protect the integrity of Banfield’s websites, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any legal investigation.
To protect the rights or property of Banfield, Banfield's affiliates, agents, or our customers, including enforcing the terms governing your use of our websites and services (for example, for billing and collections purposes).
To act on a good faith belief that access or disclosure is necessary to protect the safety of Banfield’s associates, customers, or the public (for example, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purpose of fraud protection and credit risk reduction).
Please note that our Sites may include links to third-party websites with privacy practices that differ from this Privacy Statement. If you submit personal information to any third-party website, your information is governed by the privacy policy on it. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any website that you visit.
We may share anonymized or non-personally identifying information we collect under any of the above circumstances. We may also share it with third parties to develop and deliver targeted advertising on our Sites and on websites of third parties. We may combine anonymized or non-personally identifying information we collect with additional anonymized or non-personally identifying information collected from other sources. We also may share aggregated and anonymized information with third parties, including advisors, advertisers, and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. For example, we may tell our advertisers the number of visitors to our website and the most popular features or services accessed. This information does not contain any personal information and may be used to develop website content and services that we hope you and other users will find of interest and to target content and advertising.
What about children's privacy?
We at Banfield believe it is essential that parents are involved in their children's online experiences. Our Sites are primarily designed and intended for adults. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"), Banfield does not knowingly collect or store personal information about children under age 13. We may ask visitors to enter a birth date to restrict those who are underage from accessing certain Sites, areas, or features.  If you become aware that a child under 13 has registered for a My Banfield online client account, our email newsletters, or otherwise provided us with their personal information, please report the use to:   Privacy@banfield.com .  If we become aware of a user under the age of 13 providing information on our Site without parental permission, we will terminate that account and purge our databases of all personal information provided by that user to the extent feasible.  
 
As you navigate through and interact with each Site, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to each Site, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, and the resources that you access and use on the Site.
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.
We (through our service providers) or other third parties use technologies like cookies and web beacons to automatically collect information to support certain functions at our Site, to understand our visitors, and to offer ads or promotions on our websites or at non-affiliated third-party websites, sometimes also using information collected through technology at one of our affiliates' websites and sometimes through third-party networks. Service providers or publishers may display ads for our products or services at unaffiliated third-party websites based on your online activities. We support self-regulatory programs for this practice, called interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising.  To learn more about interest-based advertising and our practices, see our Banfield Interest-Based Advertising Policy . Please note that the third party websites, at which you might see our ads have their own privacy statements and use technologies which we do not control. We encourage you to read those policies carefully.
The information we collect automatically typically does not include personal information (as defined above), but we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. The automatic collection of data helps us to improve each Site and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.
Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Site according to your individual interests.
Speed up your searches.
What are cookies and how do we use them?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
What if you don't want cookies (browser or flash)?  Our systems may not recognize "do not track" signals from your browser, but you can use the "help" function of your browser to find out how to set your browser to not accept new cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or how to disable cookies altogether.  To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website . If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may be inaccessible or not function properly.
How can you opt-out of receiving interest-based ads? In providing interest-based ads, we follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA").  More information about these principles can be found here . For more information about interest-based advertising on our Sites and to opt-out, please see our Banfield Interest-Based Advertising Policy . You can also generally opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third party advertisers who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") or who follow the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website and DAA website.
What if you don't want Promotional Offers from us?  Whether or not you have previously opted in, if you no longer wish to have your personal contact information used by us to promote our own or third parties' products or services, send us an e-mail stating your request to BanfieldWebSupport@banfield.com or write to Attn: Banfield Promotional Opt-Out, PO Box 87586, Vancouver, WA 98687
If you have a My Banfield account, you may also log-in to your account and adjust your "Contact Preferences."  If we have sent you a promotional e-mail, you may also follow the unsubscribe process at the bottom of the e-mail to opt-out of receiving additional promotional e-mails from us. In some instances, we may request your consent in advance of sending you promotional emails, and by declining to provide consent, you will not receive certain emails from us. Note that any opt-out request you make or your decision not to provide consent to receive certain emails will not apply to transactional communications (as defined above) from us that you may receive.
What if you do not wish us to share your personal information with other third parties?  If we engage in the practice of sharing your personal information with third parties (not including our affiliates or subsidiaries)  for their own marketing purposes, before we do so, we will first ask you to agree to such sharing (either through an opt-in or opt-out method).  If you do not agree, we will not engage in this type of sharing of your personal information.  If you agree, but later decide you do not want us to continue to share your personal information this way, contact us at Privacy@banfield.com with your request. 
What else do you need to know?
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
No security measures can be 100% secure, however, and so we recommend that you take additional measures to protect yourself and your information, including by installing up to date anti-virus software, closing browsers after use, keeping your log-in credentials and passwords confidential, and making sure that you regularly update software and apps you have downloaded to ensure you have enabled the latest security features on your devices. 
 
California law permits residents of California to opt-out of Banfield’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to PO Box 87586, Vancouver, WA 98687 or by e-mailing us at Privacy@banfield.com . Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosure made for non-marketing purposes. California law also permits residents of California to request and obtain from us once per year, free of charge, a list of the third parties (if any) to whom we have disclosed personal information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an e-mail to: Privacy@banfield.com or by writing to PO Box 87586, Vancouver, WA 98687. Requests via telephone or facsimile will not be accepted. The e-mail subject line or mailing envelope and the content of your request must include the phrase "Your California Privacy Rights," and include your name, e-mail address (if you wish to receive a response via e-mail) or street address, city, state, zip code (if you wish to receive a response via postal mail). 
Visiting our Sites from outside the United States
 
 
We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time, so please visit this page periodically and review this statement for changes. We will notify you of material changes to this Privacy Statement by posting a notice on our home page for a reasonable period of time and changing the "Updated" date above.  Your continued use of our Sites following the posting of changes will mean that you accept the changed terms.
What should you do if you have questions, wish to access, update or delete information, or wish to opt-out of receiving future communications?
If you would like us to access, update, change, or delete information we have about you in our marketing database (subject to any applicable legal exceptions), would like to opt-out of receiving further communications from us, or have questions about our Privacy Statement, please click here
How can you contact us?
 
Email Address
/
/
