Updated 14 October 2016
BY USING THIS WEB SITE AND PROVIDING PERSONAL INFORMATION TO ZLOOKUP.co, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF THAT INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
General
Please review the Terms of Use in conjunction with this Privacy Policy. All capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy may have the meanings given to them in the Terms of Use. The information that users provide via this Web Site, together with information regarding the manner in which the user uses this Web site, will not be processed or disclosed by ZLOOKUP.co except as may be permitted by the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy. By being a user of this Web site, the user agrees that ZLOOKUP.co may share with other parties aggregate, individual, and locator information gathered by ZLOOKUP.co in the course of the user's continuing individual use of this Web site.
"Aggregate information" is information that describes the habits, usage patterns and/or demographics of users as a group but does not describe or reveal the identity of any particular user.
"Individual information" is information about a user that is presented in a form distinguishable from of information relating to other users but not in a form that personally identifies any user or enables the recipient to.comunicate directly with any user.
"Locator information" consists of a user's name, e-mail address, physical address and/or other data about the user that enables the recipient to personally identify the user. Any user who does not wish to receive any special offers or.comunications from ZLOOKUP.co directly or on behalf of suppliers, may so notify ZLOOKUP.co at the address listed below. (Note that a user's election not to receive such information will not affect the user's receipt of offers and.comunications that were processed prior to the users' election.) Locator information and individual information may be processed and stored by ZLOOKUP.co. Users may contact ZLOOKUP.co to determine whether such information has been accurately recorded and, if not, to request correction of any inaccuracies in the information recorded by ZLOOKUP.co.
The information collected is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for.comercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
a) It is necessary to share or disclose information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding unlawful activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.
b) ZLOOKUP.co transfers information about you if ZLOOKUP.co is acquired by or merged with another.copany. In this event, ZLOOKUP.co will notify you before information about you is transferred and b.coes subject to a different privacy policy.
c) It is necessary to provide information to our independent contractors who host and maintain the Web Site and e-mail services, and other service providers and suppliers if the  disclosure will enable that party to perform business, professional or technical support to ZLOOKUP.co.
2. Information Gathering and Usage
When you register for ZLOOKUP.co or use ZLOOKUP.co, we may ask for information such as your name, email address,.copany name and address information. ZLOOKUP.co uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, billing, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
3. Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's.coputers and stored on your.coputer's hard drive. Cookies are required to use the ZLOOKUP.co service. ZLOOKUP.co uses cookies to record current session information and may use permanent cookies. You are required to log-in to your ZLOOKUP.co application site after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents.
4. Data Storage
ZLOOKUP.co uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run the ZLOOKUP.co web site. Although ZLOOKUP.co owns the code, databases, and all rights to the ZLOOKUP.co application, you retain all rights to your data.
5. Changes
ZLOOKUP.co may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your ZLOOKUP.co account or by placing a prominent notice on the web site. "ZLOOKUP.co may modify, alter, or update this Privacy Policy at any time. User's and account holders are responsible for reviewing this web page frequently to ensure they are aware of any changes."
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be sent to hello@ZLOOKUP.com
© ZLOOKUP 2018
Please share us. This is all we ask in return to help us support this site
