WHAT DOES CenterState Bank, N.A. DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and  account balances
account transactions and  checking account information
payment history and  wire transfer instructions
When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons CenterState Bank, N.A. chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does CenterState Bank share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders, and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
For our marketing purposes—to offer our products and services to you
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
No
No
Who we are
CenterState Bank, N.A.
What we do
How does CenterState Bank protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
We also limit access to information to those employees for whom access is necessary.
How does CenterState Bank collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or apply for a loan
pay your bills online or deposit/withdraw money
use your credit or debit card or make a wire transfer
We also collect your personal information from others, such  as credit bureaus
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal Law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes — information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
R4All, Inc. is an affiliate of CenterState Bank N.A. in which information may be shared about your transactions and experiences for everyday business purposes.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
CenterState Bank, N.A. does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
Our joint marketing partners may include other financial services companies
Other important information
If in addition to federal law, you are protected by specific state or local regulations concerning information sharing and marketing, CenterState Bank, N.A. will also fully comply with these regulations.
and our core values
In the News
800-500-1044
