Open Menu
Show Submenu
Search icon
Search icon
Close icon.
Close Search
Last revised: September 5, 2017
This Online Privacy Statement ("Statement") applies to The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company's website, including the public-facing website available at northwesternmutual.com and the pages accessible after a User logs in to a private section of the website (the "Client Website", and collectively, the "Website"). This Statement describes how The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company ("We", "Us", "Our", or "Northwestern Mutual") accesses, collects, shares and uses personal information.
We gather information that helps Us protect website users, maintain the security of Our Website and apps, and for the purposes described below.
Collection of Information
The Website gathers two types of information about people who visit Our Website (“Users”):
Voluntary User Information: information and data a User provides voluntarily and knowingly, including information and data a User submits in or through the Client Website and/or through optional, voluntary contact request forms; and
Automatically Collected Information: tracking information, including (but not limited to) IP address and home server information.
Northwestern Mutual will not release any personal User information collected on this Website without a User's permission, except as described in this Statement or permitted or required by law. This Website does not enable unaffiliated third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer visits this Website. Northwestern Mutual does not sell User information to third parties.
Voluntary User Information
We generally collect information a User provides voluntarily and knowingly through two main sections of the Website: (a) the Client Website, accessible only after a User logs in with that User's access credentials; and (b) contact request forms, where a User can submit a request for Us to contact the User for a specific purpose. Northwestern Mutual uses information for the purpose it was submitted by the User, and shares the User-submitted information with Northwestern Mutual's direct and indirect subsidiaries and third parties only to the extent necessary to service the User's request, provide assistance to the User, or as described herein or otherwise permitted or required by law.
Client Website
A User accesses the Client Website through a "Log In" page on the Website. In the Client Website, a User can access certain policy and account information, make limited service requests, and conduct limited transactions. A User may also be asked to voluntarily provide information about the User, and/or the User's policy or account. In the case of corporate-owned policies, a User may be asked to provide information about the corporate owner of the policy or those individuals who are insured under the corporate owned policy.
Portions of the sections available to a User after logging in are hosted by third parties and third parties assist in providing some of the services and transactions requested through these sections. Each of these third parties govern a User's information in accordance with its own privacy policy, and is contractually bound to maintain the confidentiality of any information submitted by Users and to use such information solely for the purpose of providing the requested services to or on behalf of Northwestern Mutual and its direct and indirect subsidiaries.
Information entered into sections of the Client Website may be accessible to Us and Our direct and indirect subsidiaries. We may also track the pages that a User views, including page interactions, and may share this information with Our direct and indirect subsidiaries and a User's Northwestern Mutual Financial Professional to offer products, engage in planning, enhance Our services and for other business purposes.
Contact Request Forms
A User may submit information through forms on the Website for various purposes. The information that is voluntarily submitted is only used by Us and Our direct and indirect subsidiaries for the purpose of the submission or as specifically described below. The forms described below are a sample of the most-accessed forms on the Website.
Contacting a Financial Professional: When a User requests to be contacted by a Northwestern Mutual Financial Professional, We will ask the User to provide basic contact and financial information. We may share this information with Our direct and indirect subsidiaries to better fulfill a User’s request.
Becoming a Financial Professional: If a User is interested in obtaining information about becoming a Northwestern Mutual Financial Professional and indicates that the User would like to have a Northwestern Mutual network office recruiter contact the User, We will request certain information to facilitate that request. Information a User submits in this regard will be routed in an unencrypted format to Northwestern Mutual and will then be shared with the local Northwestern Mutual office that a User selects during the application process. This information will not be shared with any other party.
Customer Service Requests: The Website allows Users, including Our customers, with a means to communicate with Us 24 hours per day, seven days per week through Our customer service email forms. In order to provide a User with efficient service, We will ask for identifying information, which may include (but is not limited to) sensitive personal information, like social security numbers, addresses, or Northwestern Mutual account numbers. This information is for Our internal use so that We or Our administrators may access a User's customer information to service a User's request. It is not shared with any other third party for any purposes other than assisting Us in providing services to the User (or otherwise as permitted or required by law).
Corporate Opportunities: When a User applies for a position at Northwestern Mutual's corporate offices, the User will be asked to register and complete a personal profile to help match a User's career preferences to available positions. The profile includes (but is not limited to) fields like contact information, career preferences, years of related experience, license/certifications, job type, desired compensation and location. A User can opt-in to receive email notifications of available positions, or a User may view and search for available positions without creating a profile. Our corporate opportunities website is hosted by SuccessFactors, a third party vendor, and, as a result, the information collected through the completion of a personal profile is shared with SuccessFactors. For more information, please view SuccessFactors' privacy policy.
Other Forms and Interactive Features: Any other interactive forms or calculators on the Website are for informational purposes only. Northwestern Mutual does not track, retain or use any of the data input into these forms.
Automatically Collected Information
We collect information automatically from Our Website through a variety of technologies, including: (a) cookies/web beacons; and (b) third party applications. We also link to third party services and websites, and We are not responsible for the website content or privacy practices of such third parties.
This Website does not contain any functionality to respond to or honor Web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms, and thus does not respond to or honor such signals or mechanisms. Most web browser preferences can be adjusted to alert a User that a cookie or tracking code will be sent to a User’s hard drive, or a User can refuse to receive a cookie.
Cookies and Web Beacons
The Website uses various storage technologies related to online marketing tools, such as managing Our advertising on other Internet websites. In connection with such activities, this Website collects or receives information including (but not limited to) the IP address, device type, date and time of visit, browser type, and activities of a User and the above information is collected or received by or shared with third party vendors who assist Us with these activities.
A cookie is a small text file that is sent to a browser when a User accesses the Website. The Website does not require a User to use cookies, but it is possible that certain services may not function properly if a User chooses to refuse to receive a cookie. We use session cookies to ensure better performance and a more enjoyable and consistent User experience from a User's entry point into the Website. The session cookie is available only during the course of the browser session; the information is not sent to or stored on a computer's hard drive. Closing the browser or logging off will invalidate the session cookie. We also use machine cookies, which do remain on a computer hard drive, to gather aggregated, non-identifiable website statistics through the website analytic services. No personal information is collected using this technology.
We also contract with third-parties to distribute e-mails on Our behalf, perform analytics, and to deliver online advertisements on Our Website, on other websites and on other applications. Those companies may use third-party cookies, or other devices such as website scripting, pixels or action tags to collect anonymous information about a User when the User visits Our Website. We use this information to learn which online advertisements attracted a User, and to help Us analyze Our website and the effectiveness of Our marketing.
Tracking Information
To enable Us to continually improve on the content We offer Our Users, as well as for systems administration purposes, We collect aggregate information. This gives Us an idea of which parts of Our Website Users are visiting. We also capture IP addresses to track a User's activity on the Website.
To assist Us in this process, this Website uses third party website analytic services that use cookies and web beacons to collect various non-personal information regarding visitors' use of this Website, including daily unique visitors, page views, length of time of page views, page navigation paths, time of day of visits, browser type used by visitors, the Internet Service Provider used to connect to the Internet and this Website, and the type of operating system used by visitors. Unless a User logs into the Client Website, the collected information is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
We also use third party services to track information about the performance of Our Website. The services collect aggregated data from visits to the Website to help troubleshoot any problems with performance, such as errors in Java Script code or page load times. We use this information to optimize a User's experience with the Website. The collected data does not contain personally identifiable information and the collected data is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
In addition, We partner with other third parties, including third party advertising networks and social media websites, to manage Our advertising on other Internet websites. Our third party partners may use cookies, Web beacons, JavaScript tags, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information about an IP address, device type, date and time of visit, browser type, and a User’s activities on this website or elsewhere on the Internet and use such information to provide measurement services and targeted advertising. The use of a User’s information by such third parties is governed by each third party’s privacy policy. Please note that a User exercising the right to opt-out in connection with one third party partner of ours will discontinue that User’s receipt of Our targeted ads through that third party partner only but will not discontinue receipt of Our targeted ads through other third party partners and will not terminate the use of cookies, Web beacons, JavaScript tags, and other storage technologies by Our third party partners to collect or receive information described above. Further, exercising the right to opt-out will not opt a User out of being served advertising; generic ads will still be displayed.
Google Maps Functionality
This website has functionality that uses the Google Maps API.
Hyperlinks
Our Online Privacy Statement applies solely to Our Website. This website may contain links from this Website to other Internet websites. Northwestern Mutual is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these other websites, and these links do not imply an affiliation between Northwestern Mutual and the website owner, or any endorsement, approval or verification of any content contained on other websites. The online privacy statement of any other Internet website governs information about the handling of personal information by that website.
Our Website also contains links to the Northwestern Mutual pages of several third party social media websites and additional links to third party websites that may appear as a "like" button or as a "share" button inside of a "Share" control box contained on several pages on this website. When a User clicks on any such links, the third party website may send a session cookie or a persistent cookie to the User's computer. Please review the online privacy statements of such third party websites for information regarding the online privacy practices of such websites.
Changes and Revisions
We reserve the right to amend this Statement from time to time. Any material change to Our online privacy practices will be reflected in this Online Privacy Statement. We will indicate the date this Statement was last updated.
For More Information
The Northwestern Mutual website is maintained by The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, 720 E. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI, 53202. Visit the “Contact Us” section for additional information.
NMIS Online Website
Last revised: December 23, 2013
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the NMIS Online website, and includes:
What information is gathered/tracked;
Who information is shared with.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the site coordinator.
Summary
The NMIS Online website collects no personally identifying information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such. Except as described in this Statement, the Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC ("NMIS") will not release any of said information about you without your permission, unless permitted or required by law.
What Information NMIS Online Collects
The NMIS Online website gathers two types of information about people who visit our site: (1) information and data that you provide voluntarily, including user responses to form entry fields; and (2) aggregated tracking information such as IP addresses and home server information.
This website does not contain any functionality to respond to or honor Web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms, and thus does not respond to or honor such signals or mechanisms.
This website does not enable third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer visits this website.
Hosting
The NMIS Online website is hosted by a third party, which assists in administering some of the services and transactions. The third party is contractually bound to maintain the confidentiality of any information submitted by visitors to the site and to use such information solely for the purpose of providing the requested services to or on behalf of NMIS and/or its subsidiaries and affiliates.
Customer Service Request Forms
We want to provide our customers with a means to communicate with us 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We do this through the following Customer Service email forms:
A "Contact Us" form that enables users to submit questions/comments about the NMIS Online website;
A "Technical Support" form, which is accessible from the "Contact Us" form, which allows users to report sign-on questions and technical issues; and
A Northwestern Mutual Financial Representative email form, which is accessible from the "Contact Us" form, which allows users to request information about planning and investing from a Northwestern Mutual Financial Representative.
In order to provide you with the service, we may ask you for identifying information. This information is for our internal use only in order to service your request, and required so that we or our administrators may access your customer information. It is not shared with any other third party, unless permitted or required by law.
While customers can communicate to us 24 hours a day, seven days a week using these vehicles, normal support hours are 7:30 - 5:00 CST.
Interactive Forms or Calculators
Any interactive forms or calculators on this website are there for your information only. NMIS does not track, retain or use any of the data input into these forms, nor is the data in any way linked to you as an individual.
Hyperlinks
This website may contain hyperlinks or "links," to and from other Internet sites. These sites may have different privacy practices from our website. Our Online Privacy Statement applies solely to our site. Please review the online privacy statements of any other Internet sites you may visit. These links also do not imply an affiliation between NMIS and the site owner, or any endorsement, approval or verification of any content contained on other websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your computer. This small text file contains a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the site administrator may identify your computer and passively track its activities on the website. This unique number identifies your Web browser to our computer system whenever you visit our site. A cookie will not allow a website to learn any personally identifiable information (such as your real name and address) that you have not otherwise disclosed.
Cookies are currently used on most major websites and have become an industry standard. Most Web browser preferences can be adjusted to alert you that a cookie will be sent to your hard drive, or you can refuse to receive a cookie. While this website does not require you to use cookies, it is possible that certain services may not function properly if you choose to refuse to receive a cookie.
This site uses session cookies to ensure better performance and a more enjoyable and consistent user experience from your entry point into our site. A session cookie is a small text file that is sent to your browser when you access the site and is then stored temporarily in memory. The session cookie is available only during the course of the browser session; the information is not sent to or stored on your computer's hard drive. Closing your browser or logging off will invalidate the session cookie.
Additionally, if the user selects the "Yes" radio button when asked "Remember this computer for future logins?", the site places a persistent cookie, or small text file, on your computer's hard drive for up to two years. The persistent cookies allow the site to bypass the security question by "remembering" the user's computer.
Aggregated Tracking Information
To enable us to continually improve on the content we offer our users, as well as for systems administration purposes, we collect aggregate information site-wide. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means a user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
Again, this information is only collected in aggregate form. No personal information is collected.
Commitment to Confidentiality
Confidentiality is a top priority at NMIS. We are committed to maintaining the highest level of confidentiality with all of the information we receive from our customers, including the information received from this website.
Changes and Revisions
We reserve the right to amend this Statement from time to time. Any material change to our online privacy practices will be reflected in this Online Privacy Statement. We will indicate the date this Statement was last updated.
For More Information
The NMIS Online website is maintained by Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC, 720 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53202. To contact us, please email Technical Support .
Wealth Management Company Private Client Services Online Website
Last revised: December 23, 2013
This statement discloses the privacy practices for the Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Private Client Services Online website, and includes:
What information is gathered/tracked;
Who information is shared with.
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the site coordinator.
Summary
The Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Private Client Services Online website collects no personally identifying information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such. Except as described in this Statement, Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company will not release any of said information about you without your permission, unless permitted or required by law.
Types of Information Collected
The Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Private Client Services Online website gathers two types of information about people who visit our site: (1) information and data that you provide voluntarily, including user responses to form entry fields; and (2) aggregated tracking information such as IP addresses and home server information.
This website does not contain any functionality to respond to or honor Web browser "do not track" signals or other similar mechanisms, and thus does not respond to or honor such signals or mechanisms.
This website does not enable third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across different websites when a consumer visits this website.
Hosting
The Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Private Client Services Online website is hosted by a third party, which assists in administering some of the services and transactions. The third party is contractually bound to maintain the confidentiality of any information submitted by visitors to the site and to use such information solely for the purpose of providing the requested services to or on behalf of Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company and/or its parent or affiliates.
Interactive Forms or Calculators
Any interactive forms or calculators on this website are there for your information only. Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company does not track, retain or use any of the data input into these forms, nor is the data in any way linked to you as an individual.
Hyperlinks
This website may contain hyperlinks or "links," to and from other Internet sites. These sites may have different privacy practices from our website. Our Online Privacy Statement applies solely to our site. Please review the online privacy statements of any other Internet sites you may visit. These links also do not imply an affiliation between Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company and the site owner, or any endorsement, approval or verification of any content contained on other websites.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your computer. This small text file contains a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the site administrator may identify your computer and passively track its activities on the website. This unique number identifies your Web browser to our computer system whenever you visit our site. A cookie will not allow a website to learn any personally identifiable information (such as your real name and address) that you have not otherwise disclosed.
Cookies are currently used on most major websites and have become an industry standard. Most Web browser preferences can be adjusted to alert you that a cookie will be sent to your hard drive, or you can refuse to receive a cookie. While this website does not require you to use cookies, it is possible that certain services may not function properly if you choose to refuse to receive a cookie.
This site uses session cookies to ensure better performance and a more enjoyable and consistent user experience from your entry point into our site. A session cookie is a small text file that is sent to your browser when you access the site and is then stored temporarily in memory. The session cookie is available only during the course of the browser session; the information is not sent to or stored on your computer's hard drive. Closing your browser or logging off will invalidate the session cookie.
Additionally, if the user checks the box next to "Please check here if you plan to use this computer for on-going access," the site places a persistent cookie, or small text file, on your computer's hard drive for up to two years. The persistent cookies allow the site to bypass the security questions by "remembering" the user's computer.
Aggregated Tracking Information
To enable us to continually improve on the content we offer our users, as well as for systems administration purposes, we, through the third party host of the site, collect aggregate information site-wide. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means a user's session will be tracked, but the user will be anonymous.
Again, this information is only collected in aggregate form. No personal information is collected.
Commitment to Confidentiality
Confidentiality is a top priority at Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company. We are committed to maintaining the highest level of confidentiality with all of the information we receive from our customers, including the information received from this website.
Changes and Revisions
We reserve the right to amend this Statement from time to time. Any material change to our online privacy practices will be reflected in this Online Privacy Statement. We will indicate the date this Statement was last updated.
For More Information
The Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company Private Client Services Online website is maintained by Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company, 720 East Wisconsin Avenue, Milwaukee, WI 53202. For more information, please call 1-800-215-4774; options 1, 1.
ADDITIONAL LEGAL INFORMATION
Northwestern Mutual is the marketing name for The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company and its subsidiaries. Life and disability insurance, annuities, and life insurance with long-term care benefits are issued by The Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI (NM). Long-term care insurance is issued by Northwestern Long Term Care Insurance Company, Milwaukee, WI, (NLTC) a subsidiary of NM. Securities are offered through Northwestern Mutual Investment Services, LLC, (NMIS) a subsidiary of NM, broker-dealer, registered investment adviser, member FINRA and SIPC . Fiduciary and fee-based financial planning services are offered through Northwestern Mutual Wealth Management Company® (NMWMC), Milwaukee, WI, a subsidiary of NM and a federal savings bank. Products and services referenced are offered and sold only by appropriately appointed and licensed entities and financial advisors. Not all products and services are available in all states. Not all Northwestern Mutual representatives are advisors. Only those representatives with the titles "Financial Advisor" or "Wealth Management Advisor" are credentialed as NMWMC representatives to provide advisory services.
