Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number
Credit history and payment history
 
How?
  
Does Community Bank, N.A. share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes -
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
No
Yes
Yes
No
Fill out and submit the privacy opt out form below
Please note: If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent
this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this
notice.
 
Questions?
 
Community Bank, N.A.
What We Do
How does Community Bank, N.A. protect my personal information?
 
Open an account or deposit money
Apply for a loan
Show your government-issued ID or show your driver's license
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can't I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
Sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness
Affiliates from using your information to market to you
Sharing for non-affiliates to market to you
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
 
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Our affiliates include financial companies such as Community Investment Services, Inc., OneGroup NY, Inc., and Nottingham Advisors, Inc.
Non-affiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and non-financial companies.
Community Bank, N.A. does not share with non-affiliates so they can market to you.
Joint Marketing
Our joint marketing partners include credit card companies.
 
 
ONLINE PRIVACY OPT-OUT FORM
By completing the form below and submitting it to us, you are opting out of affiliate marketing opportunities. You may also opt-out by printing our Privacy Policy and completing and mailing the mail-in form. 
We offer you the choice to opt-out for yourself only, which may be preferred by your joint account holders. To opt-out only for yourself, check the box at the left of the form below. 
INSTRUCTIONS:
1. Your name
3. The last four digits of your Social Security Number 
4. An account number 
 
Apply my choice only to me
 
If you have joint accounts, your choice will apply to everyone on your accounts unless you mark above.
Do not allow your affiliates to use my personal information to market to me.
Name:
Address:
Account Number:
Get in Touch
Stop into a branch, pick up the phone or email us.
 
