Why am I getting this?
You received this issue of The Horn News because our records indicate that you signed up for a free subscription through a promotion on an affiliate website, by taking one of our polls, or by visiting our website and signing up.
We have a strict anti-spam policy! We know how important your privacy is to you so we guarantee that we will NEVER sell your e-mail address. Please note you can remove yourself from our list at any time. We supply a link at the bottom of each e-mail to manage your subscription to The Horn. We also provide you with a mailing address to contact us if you have any problems.
To manage your subscription by mail or for any other subscription issues, write us at:
The Horn News
Attn: Customer Service
P.O. Box 913
Frederick, MD 21705-0913
Or email our customer service team: [email protected]
We will sometimes share your information with third-party vendors who assist us with the preparation and mailing of our editorial and marketing communications, and with order fulfillment facilities. We will never rent or sell your telephone or fax number or e-mail address to any third party.
We may automatically gather general statistical information about our website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, transactions completed, etc. To do this, we use action tags and cookies provided by our site analytics. The cookie itself does not contain any of your personal information, so it does not jeopardize the privacy of your activities or the security of the transactions you place at our sites; We simply log this information in order to provide a more customized experience when visiting the site.
We have implemented Google Analytics features based on Display Advertising (Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting). You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings. In addition, you can use the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on to disable tracking by Google Analytics. We will use the data provided by Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to develop the site and content around our users’ interests.
Policy against advertising our website using unsolicited email messages
We require that all e-mails promoting thehornnews.com  or its products are sent only to clients who have agreed to receive such messages. We prohibit any advertising of our brand and Website using unsolicited email messages. Not complying with this policy will cause partnership termination and/or affiliate account termination. If you feel you’ve been sent unsolicited emails promoting our brand or website and would like to register a complaint, please email our customer service team ( [email protected] ). We will immediately investigate all allegations made related to unsolicited messages.
For any other questions or concerns, please email us at  [email protected] .
POPULAR
GET IN THE LOOP!
Sign up now for daily news, straight talk and alerts from The Horn.
We never share or sell your email.
