PRIVACY POLICY
Privacy Policy of Level 3 Communications, Inc. and its group companies (referred to throughout as ”Level 3”, ”we” or ”us”).
 
Acknowledgement and Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
 
What Do We Mean by the Term Personal Identifiable Information?
 
We may collect and process the following PII about you:
Identification data and occupation, such as:
Information you may submit to us including your name, address, telephone number and email address. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our website and posting material. Such information includes verification details you provide to us in order to access and use specific features of our website.
Additional information – such as your company's name and address, your employee ID, or your email short name/address.
Transactions and communications data, such as:
If you contact us by phone, email or otherwise, a record of that communication
Any surveys you complete that are used for research purposes
 
For What Purposes Do We Use Your PII?
We take the privacy of our web visitors seriously and respect your right to privacy. PII will be collected, processed, stored, transferred, disposed of and treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and any applicable laws.
We process your PII for the following purposes, in order to:
Provide you with access to our websites
Market and offer services and product offerings, including:
analyzing how you use our websites on a personalized or aggregated basis to gather broad demographic information, interests, and behavior so that we may better understand you and can tailor and offer our products and services in accordance with your preferences. To that end, we may match or combine your PII with PII you have provided to other affiliate companies (including in other countries) within our group in order to understand and improve the services we provide to you and to determine what other products, services or promotions may be of interest to you
processing any competitions or surveys that you have participated in
informing you of any new promotions and products and services offered in compliance with any applicable laws
carrying out market research and developing statistics
Manage our websites and your account created on the website, including:
processing your information to help diagnose problems with our servers and administer our websites
investigating any complaints or other questions you may submit for our
attention
managing communications with you
Who Do We Share Your Information With?
We only share your PII with our affiliated group companies and with our selected business partners and subcontractors that provide services to us in relation to the purposes for which we use your PII outlined in this Privacy Policy.  All such affiliates, business partners and subcontractors must commit to process your PII in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and our instructions, and to keep all PII secure.
 
International Transfers of PII
 
How Long Do We Keep Your Information?
 
How to Review and Update your Information
 
Minors Privacy Protection
 
Linked Internet Websites
 
Security
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy, the PII we collect, or how we use that PII (including, where requested under applicable laws, any recipients of it or the locations where it is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy), or you want to update, correct or request deletion of your PII and/or exercise any other right please contact us at Privacy Officer, Legal Department, Level 3 Communications, 1025 Eldorado Blvd, Broomfield, Colorado 80021, USA or privacy@level3.com or via the local contact provided in Specific Country Provisions in the Appendix, as applicable.
 
Argentina
We store all PII we collect in a database, which is duly registered by Level 3 Argentina S.A. with the Argentine Data Protection Agency.
Data subjects have the right to freely access their PII within intervals of no less than six months, unless a legitimate interest is proven pursuant to Section 14, clause 3, Argentine Data Protection Act No. 25.326. The Argentine National Data Protection Agency is the enforcing authority of the Data Protection Act No. 25.326, and has the power to attend to reports and claims regarding non-fulfillment of data protection provisions.
Data subjects shall be entitled to request the withdrawal or blocking of their names from the database at any time. In any communication containing advertisement via mail, telephone, e-mail, internet or other means data subjects shall be informed, in an express and highlighted way, that data subjects have the right to request the withdrawal or blocking, total or partial, of their names from the data base. At the data subject’s request, the name of the database responsible or user who provided the information shall be informed.
Data subjects may send an e-mail to misdatos@level3.com or visit our offices at Alferez Pareja 256, Costanera Sur, Ciudad Autónoma de Buenos Aires Monday to Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., or submit a written request with notarized signature (or bank certification) to the address above.
Colombia
Treatment of personal data of children and adolescents is forbidden unless the data is of a public nature (art. 7 Law 1581) and such treatment (i) is performed taking into consideration and respecting the child´s best interest, (ii) ensures their fundamental rights, and (iii) is authorized by the child´s legal representatives (Art. 12 Decree 1377).
You may exercise the right to know, update, rectify, delete your personal data and revoke the authorization by sending an email to: col-comunicaciones@level3.com. Level 3 complies with the obligations established in Law 1581 of 2012 and other applicable regulations and has the security measures for the protection of the personal data stored in its systems.
