Modification Date: June 18th, 2018
Effective Date: June 18th, 2018
FinancialMentor.com, a CreateCorp Business Solutions Incorporated web site, created this privacy statement in order to disclose our information collections practices. This statement will explain the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site so that you can protect your privacy.
Located in the EU?
Here’s exactly what you need to know regarding your privacy when using this website:
The Personal Data We Collect From You:
Personal Data is information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, IP address, and email address. As a business, we collect personal data from you in a number of ways, including:
Opt-In to Email Courses: Your name and email address.
Seven Steps to Seven Figures Waiting List: Your name and email address.
Transaction: When you purchase a course or other product from us, we collect your name, email address, billing information, and payment source.
Free Book Chapters: Your name and email address.
Calculator Results: Your name and email address.
Lessons: Your name and email address.
What is the Purpose of Processing Your Personal Data?
We collect the information above for the following purposes:
Opt-In to Email Courses: To provide you with information on the course in question and the topic in general.
Seven Steps to Seven Figures Waiting List: To let you know when a course is available or closing.
Transaction: To process a purchase you make with us.
Free Book Chapters: To send you the requested chapter of one of my books.
Calculator Results: To send you results of the calculator you used.
Lessons: To send you lessons that you’re interested in.
What Legal Basis Do We Have for Collecting and Processing Your Information?
Websites must have a legal basis for collecting information from individuals located in the European Union. Our legal basis for each of the methods we collect information from you is as follows:
Please note where consent forms the basis, you can withdraw consent at any time by contacting me (todd [at] financialmentor [dot] com) or opting out of any email communication using the “unsubscribe” link found at the footer of the email.
Opt-In to Email Courses: We will ask for your consent first.
Seven Steps to Seven Figures Waiting List: We will ask for your consent first.
Transaction: We will collect your information as part of a legal contractual transaction.
Free Book Chapters: We will ask for your consent first.
Calculator Results: We will ask for your consent first.
Lessons: We will ask for your consent first.
We have a legitimate interest to process your personal information when you submit the information with an expectation that it will be processed, resulting in no undue impact to you. If you disagree or have questions, please contact me at todd (at) financialmentor (dot) com, and we will cease the processing of your data under this legal basis.
Who Has Access to the Data We Collect?
The staff at Financial Mentor process and have access to the data we collect from you. We also use third parties to assist us with processing your personal data, including the following:
Financial transaction processors (to process your payment)
Customer service communication platform
Website design and programming services
These third parties have signed a contract with us in which they are prohibited from using, sharing, or keeping your personal data for any purpose other than what we dictate.
How Long Do We Keep Your Data?
We keep your personal data as long as you remain a subscriber, and you are free to terminate this relationship at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any email we send you. When you unsubscribe, we remove your data from our system.
If a legal claim arises that involves your data, we will also store and disclose that data until the matter has been resolved.
Your Right to Ask for Corrections, Erasure, and Export of Your Data:
FinancialMentor.com provides users the opportunity to correct, update, or opt-out of receiving communications at any time by removing themselves from our database. All email communications provide clear instructions with a link in the footer for managing your subscription.
In other words, you have the explicit right to control your personal data. Specifically, these are your rights:
The right to be informed: You’re being informed by reading this policy.
The right of access: We will provide you with the data we have on you.
The right to rectification: You may request that we fix incorrect data about you.
The right to erasure: You may also request that we erase certain data about you.
The right to restrict processing: You can ask us to restrict certain types of processing of your personal information.
The right to data portability: You may ask us to provide your personal data for export.
The right to object: You can object to how we use your data.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling: We don’t profile you, but keep in mind you have this right with other websites that might.
To exercise any of these rights, please contact me at todd (at) financialmentor (dot) com with your request.
Your Right to Withdraw Consent
Although we mentioned this above, we want to emphasize that you have the right to withdraw any consent that you’ve previously given with regard to the collection or processing of your personal data.
You can use the “unsubscribe” link contained at the footer of each email from us to withdraw consent and stop the mailings. Alternatively, you can contact me with your request, either by emailing me separately (todd [at] financialmentor [dot] com) or by replying directly to the email you received.
Does Your Data Get Transferred to Other Countries?
No. We are located in the United States, and your data is collected and held here.
Privacy Concerns, Contacting Us, Complaints, Etc.
You can contact me at todd (at) financialmentor (dot) com with any questions or requests you have about these policies or your personal data. If, after contacting me, you feel a privacy issue hasn’t been resolved, you have the right to file a complaint with a Supervisory Authority such as the Data Protection Commissioner of Ireland .
Data Controller
1480 Marsh Avenue
Reno, NV 89509
You can also send correspondence by traditional mail to the address above.
For Visitors Located in California:
Do Not Track Signals:
Pursuant to the California Online Privacy Protection Act, we hereby disclose that we do not honor “do not track” signals issued by browsers or other third-party sources. If this should change, this notice will be amended.
California Eraser Law:
If you’re an individual under 18 and have provided personal information or content to us in some manner, you have the right to request deletion of that information pursuant to the “California Eraser Law.” Contact me to make such a request at todd (at) financialmentor (dot) com.
For Visitors Regardless of Location:
Privacy Policy Modifications and Updates
We may update and modify this Privacy Policy at any time. In doing so, we will post a notice on the site 30 days before the change goes into effect.
The above points also apply to you.
A Note on Message Boards, Blog, Chat, and Community Areas:
FinancialMentor.com may make message boards, blogs, contests, and/or other community related information available to its users. Use caution when posting to these areas. FinancialMentor.com is not responsible for any false or misleading information posted. Never make any investment or other decisions based solely upon the content contained herein.
 
Testimonials
I came into the course an avowed Boglehead, certain that low cost, buy and hold investing was the best long term investment process. Todd opened my eyes to different models that retain all the advantages of low cost, passive asset allocation, but correct the shortcomings I didn’t realize were there. You won’t learn this stuff listening to CNBC or reading the best-selling investment books. Nobody else is teaching it this way. I’m now convinced of the advantages provided by a structured,…
More from Financial Mentor
New Visitors Start Here
FREE COURSE: 52 Weeks To Financial Freedom
FREE BOOK: 18 Essential Lessons From A Millionaire
Tools and Tips Not Found On This Site
Copyright © 2000–2018 • Financial Mentor • All Rights Reserved Worldwide
×
E-Course: “52 Weeks to Financial Freedom”
Audio: Get my top tips
E-Book: "18 Essential Lessons From A Self-Made Millionaire"
×
E-Course: “52 Weeks to Financial Freedom”
Audio: Get my top tips
E-Book: "18 Essential Lessons From A Self-Made Millionaire"
×
Yes, email me a screenshot of my calculator results!
We’ll email you a screen print of the calculator you just completed, exactly as it appears on your screen. We don’t save any of your data: it’s just an image. You can unsubscribe whenever you want.
Sample Screenshot
×
×
×
×
Get Your Free Risk Management Course!
×
No cost or obligation.
No hooks or gimmicks.
The goal is to let you experience the quality for yourself.
I just need your email address to send them to you.
You can unsubscribe anytime.
