Our Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
We collect personal data from you when you register on our site, order eyeglasses, subscribe to our newsletter, visit our website, respond to a survey or fill out a form. Your personal data means any information relating to you, in particular your name and contact details such as your home address, your telephone number or your email address.
Please take the time to read this Privacy Notice carefully, it is very important that you fully understand how we are processing your personal data and how we are protecting your privacy. If you have any question regarding our use of your personal data, you can of course contact us as set out in the Contacting Us section below.
What information do we collect?
When you access our website, we automatically collect and store some of your data in our server logs and in cookies to enhance your customer experience.
This data does not allow us to directly identify you; however, it records data related to your browsing on our website, such as the pages accessed, the date and time these pages were accessed, search queries, device information (hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifier, Internet protocol address, hardware settings, browser type, browser language), the date and time of your request and in some cases, referral URL.
The provision of this data is not required if you only want to visit our website. This means that you may refuse to accept cookies by configuring your web browser accordingly (for more information, refer to the 'help' section of your web browser). However, refusing cookies will likely disrupt your experience on our website and in some cases prevent access to parts of it.
Data we collect when you sign up or when you order products
Some of the services offered on our website require you to sign up. If you want to use these services, we will ask you to provide us with complete and accurate personal data and inform us if your data needs to be updated. If you do not provide us with complete and accurate data, or if you do not inform us that your data needs to be updated, we may not be able to provide you with the services you requested.
We collect the following categories of your personal data:
Identification data, including your name, telephone number, e-mail address, postal address, login and password, etc.
Financial data, including in particular your credit card data or other preferred payment method.
IT data, including data related to your browsing on our website, such as the pages accessed, the date and time these pages were accessed, search queries, device information (hardware model, operating system version, unique device identifiers, Internet protocol address, hardware settings, browser type, browser language), geolocation, the date and time of your request, referral URL, etc.
How do we use your information?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.
To improve our website
We continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To improve customer service
Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To process transactions
Your information will never be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company, without your consent, for any reason other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service you have requested. We may share your billing information with the external payment service providers we partner with, but only as is necessary for the processing of your payment or to prevent or detect fraud. These companies have agreed not to retain, share, store or use your Personally Identifiable Information which we pass to them for any secondary purposes.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
In some cases, these may require interfacing with third party solutions and software.
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How long do we keep your information
The retention periods for your personal data depends on the purpose for which we collect this data and is displayed below.
Category of data
Financial Data
IT Data
Personal data we share
We inform you that we may share your personal data with companies, organizations, public authorities or individuals outside of Frames For America, Inc. Some of the recipients of the data are located in countries outside the European Union/European Economic Area.
Category of data
Category of recipients
Financial Data
IT Data
United States of America, Israel
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
We have measures in place to protect your personal data against unauthorized access, use, or disclosure, including without limitation:
We implement and maintain sophisticated technical measures to ensure that your personal data is recorded and processed in complete confidentiality and security.
We implement and maintain appropriate restrictions on access to your personal data, and monitoring of the access, use, and transfer of personal data.
All of our employees who have access to your personal data are required to enter into non-disclosure or similar agreements, which imposes obligations on them to comply with our data privacy and confidentiality requirements.
We require any business partners and third party service providers with whom we may share your personal data to comply with any applicable data privacy and confidentiality requirements.
We provide data privacy training on a regular basis to our employees and third parties who have access to personal data.
What rights you have
Under applicable data protection laws and regulations, you have the right:
Of access to, rectification of, and/or erasure of your personal data;
To restrict or object to its processing;
To tell us that you do not wish to receive marketing information;
To request your personal data be transferred to you or a third party of your choosing, in some circumstances,
To the extent our processing of your personal data is based upon your consent, to withdraw your consent, without affecting the lawfulness of our processing based on your consent before its withdrawal.
We are committed to enable you in exercising your rights: to do so, you can contact us at the details set out at the end of this Privacy Notice. Please provide us with the following information, so that you can take your request with all due consideration:
Your name, surname, and a photocopy of your identity card;
Your specific petition (in other words, what rights you want to exercise); and
The date of the application and your signature (if you sent your application by postal mail).
If you do not get satisfaction by contacting us, you can also lodge a complaint about our processing of your Personal Data with a data protection authority.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Some of your information may be used by any FramesDirect affiliates (including any entity within the Essilor group) to contact you about sales, new products, special offers, and new site features, unless you have opted to not receive promotional communications. Each email sent to you by our affiliates and / or other companies within our group will include an 'unsubscribe' link.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at anytime by logging into the "My Account" section of the site and making the necessary changes themselves.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Questions and Concerns
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or any of FramesDirect.com's use of your information, please complete the Contact Us form here
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our online privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Notice, in particular to make it compliant with new laws and regulations regarding data protection. This Privacy Notice may change from time to time, but we will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Notice without your explicit consent.
This policy was last modified on May 24, 2018
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
FramesDirect.com
Austin, TX 78741
Loading...
Get Exclusive Offers and Save 15% Off Your Next Order
About Us
Helpful Information
2801 S. IH 35, Ste# 170, Austin, TX   78741-5518   United States
FramesDirect and FramesDirect.com are Service Marks of Frames For America, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Some content used with permission by Jobson Publishing, L.L.C.
Contact Us
Our Certified Opticians are available to help you find the perfect eyewear, confirm your prescription, and answer any other questions you may have.
Send Us An Email
Call Us
Monday–Thursday: 8:00 am–7:00 pm
Friday: 8:00 am–6:00 pm
Saturday: 8:00 am–5:00 pm
Times displayed in Central Time (UTC-6)
