Professionally-designed flower bulb collections that will combine beautifully.
WESTERN WILDFLOWERS
SUGGESTED USES
1. Choose a spot on your property that receives at least 6 hours of sun per day.
2. Prepare your soil by clearing the area of all existing growth.
3. Mix the Wildflower seeds with sand for better visibility.
4. After spreading the seed, we recommend compressing the seed into the soil.
5. After planting, give the area a good water.
6. Enjoy!
What’s included in a pre-planned garden?
  Premium Plants
  Care Instructions
  Garden Maps
Great plants to solve gardening challenges.
Show meShowing plants & seeds that grow in my area:
Invalid Zip Code
What is this
To help gardeners understand which plants will grow well for them, the entire USA has been segmented into ‘Plant Hardiness Zones’.
Security for your online order:
We have been selling online since 1999 and are continuously investing in state of the art protection for your privacy and security. It is our intention to provide you with the best possible protection available. When you order from this website, your credit card transaction is handled by a secure and independent authorization service, and your credit card information is not accessible by any employees at High Country Gardens or American Meadows. Once your order is filled, your credit card number is deleted from our records, and not stored.
As an added assurance, we subscribe to McAfee SECURE, a service that tests our site’s security vulnerabilities. McAfee SECURE tests our security shields daily and is famous for being the leader in internet security, chosen by the most respected online merchants in the world. Over half of the Top 500 Internet Sites (ranked by Internet Retailer Magazine) are McAfee SECURE subscribers.
Wherever possible, we transmit sensitive data using 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption. When navigating secure areas of our website, you will notice that the prefix to the web address (URL) will change from ‘http’ to ‘https’ where the ‘s’ stands for ‘secure.’ Common web browsers (such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, Safari and others) all support SSL encryption. We always recommend using the most current version your web browser and the most current version of your operating system. Also, you should ensure that you have downloaded any available security patches.
Privacy:
At High Country Gardens, we are proud to be your trusted gardening partner. In order to help ensure a positive experience, we use the information you provide to better serve you. When you visit our website, we collect non-personally identifiable information that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the web address of the site you came from before visiting us, the type of browser being used, language preference, and the time of the visit. We also record which pages each visitor views on our site. This information is collected in an effort to improve our website and product offerings.
We contract with multiple third parties to help serve you, including companies that specialize in shipping, email distribution, address verification, research, website hosting, payment processing and more. High Country Gardens provides these companies with the minimal amount of information required to perform their services. We require these companies to also meet strict security standards. When you navigate our website, we utilize current technology such as cookies and transparent image files, to store non-personally identifiable information about your visit to the site. This allows us to do things like hold products in your shopping cart, remember your preferences and generally provide the best possible browsing experience. Visitors who would prefer to not have cookies set for them can set their browser to refuse cookies. The drawback to doing so is that your experience and some of the features of the website may not be available and may negatively affect your browsing experience on our website. If you choose to disable cookies and experience any trouble, please contact us so that we may help. High Country Gardens and American Meadows uses a third party service to collect information regarding consumer preferences related to our products and our website. The third party service provider may use cookies and transparent GIF files to collect information on our website as a part of the service. You may review the third party service provider’s privacy policy at www.mybuys.com/privacy.html.
If you choose to communicate with us via email or provide your email address with your order, we will record your email address. If you opt-in to receive our Membership Emails and Newsletters, we will send you regular emails that include special offers, gardening advice and announcements. You may opt-out of our emails at any time by clicking on the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of any email. Please allow several days for this process to be completed. If you opt-out of our Membership and Newsletter emails, you may still receive email communication from us that is directly related to pending or future orders. These emails are typically to confirm an order or to provide order and shipping statuses. High Country Gardens and American Meadows will not rent, sell or trade email addresses to other companies.
If you supply us your postal address or phone number, you may receive periodic contacts from us with information on new products, special prices or upcoming events. The name and physical address that you give us and information about your order may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. This information may also be shared with other marketers to bring you offers of interest. If you do not wish to receive such contacts or have your information shared, please let us know by sending a message to our Customer Service Department via email at plants@highcountrygardens.com or by calling us at (800) 925-9387, and we'll be happy to follow your requests.
This privacy policy was updated on October 22, 2013 and describes the information we collect and how it is used.
If you have any questions about these policies or your dealings with the website, please contact us at:
High Country Gardens
2438 Shelburne Road
Sign up for our newsletters and get a $5 coupon code.
Enter Your Email
highcountrygardens.com All rights reserved
×
