Huge selection of templates
Professional templates
250 Mils Privacy Policy
Thanks for using https://www.postermywall.com/ (the "250 Mils Website"). At 250 Mils, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We have created this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to make sure you know what information we collect and how we use it. By using the Site, you expressly consent to the collection, storage, disclosure and use of your information as we have outlined in this Privacy Policy and you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
250 Mils Global Privacy Practices EU — General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"):
Information that we collect will be stored and processed in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Statement. However, we understand that we have users from different countries and regions with different privacy expectations, and we try to meet those needs. To this end 250 Mils participates in and has certified its compliance with, as a Data Controller, complies with the GDPR. GDPR provides EU residents with certain rights to their data and questions should be sent to support@postermywall.com . For purposes of Article 14(2) of the GDPR, 250 Mils relies on the following lawful basis for processing Personal Data: consent, compliance with law and legitimate interest.
Uploading and posting information on the Site:
At the time you register for a 250 Mils account, you will choose and provide us with an email address and password. When you upload a design, post a comment or message on the Site, provide information in connection with features such as fan clubs, wish lists, forums, member profiles, reviews and recommendation your user name may be visible to other users.
Additionally, if your comment or message contains personally identifiable information and is posted by you in a page that is accessible to the public, third parties may make note of the information and you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties as a result. Any content or information you upload that is visible to third parties may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Our blog is managed by a third party application, Squarespace , and does not require you to register to post a comment to a post. Commenting is moderated by 250 Mils blog administrators and is subject to approval before appearing on the site. You will need to contact 250 Mils if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how Squarespace uses your information, please review their Privacy Policy .
What information do we collect? Information provided by you:
You may provide us with certain personally identifiable information when you:
register for a 250 Mils account;
request customer support or send us any other communication;
sign up for newsletters, email alerts, and special offers;
order products or gift certificates;
enter sweepstakes or contests;
respond to surveys; and
use our Email-to-a-Friend or Refer-A-Friend features.
Such information may include your name, email address, billing address, shipping address, and credit card number. You may also provide us with information about other people, such as their email addresses, if you email a product to a friend or refer a friend to the Site or our promotions.
If you're a child under the age of 13, you may not have an account on 250 Mils website. 250 Mils does not knowingly collect information from or direct any of our content specifically to children under 13. If we learn or have reason to suspect that you are a user who is under the age of 13, we will have to close your account.
Our Use of Cookies and Tracking:
250 Mils uses cookies on the Site to improve the quality of our Site and services to you. A cookie is a small text file on your computer which a website sends to your computer to allow the website to store information which uniquely identifies our users. 250 Mils Website’s cookies do not collect or store personally identifiable information. Rather, the cookie stores a token which uniquely identifies a particular user at a particular time. That token is then linked to the user information in our secured databases. You can always delete the cookies and reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to display a message when a cookie is being sent. If you reset your browser, some of the Site features and functionality may not be available to you and you may not be able to take advantage of all the features on the Site.
We may work with other companies who place cookies or web beacons on our Site. We do not have access or control over these cookies. These companies help operate our websites and provide you with additional products and services. They are subject to confidentiality agreements with 250 Mils and other legal restrictions. 250 Mils does not permit any of these companies to collect personally identifiable information using cookies or web beacons on our websites. Certain functionalities related to the provision of additional products and services require marketers to share website usage information about visitors to the Site, who have received a targeted promotional campaign, with a reputable third-party advertising company for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. To this end, 250 Mils' third-party advertising company makes a note of some of the pages you visit on the Site through the use of pixel tags. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here . Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Cookies
Google Adservices
Persistent
Remarketing
google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
Google-analytics
Persistent
Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics to monitor traffic levels, search queries and visits to this website.
Google Analytics stores IP address anonymously on its servers in the US, and neither PosterMyWall or Google associate your IP address with any personally identifiable information.
These cookies enable Google to determine whether you are a return visitor to the site, and to track the pages that you visit during your session.
These cookies are set only after the user has given consent to us to use cookies.
Persistent
These cookies are essential to the basic operation of the website.
Google Analytics
We use Google Analytics as a third party tracking service, but we don’t use it to track you individually or collect your personally identifiable information. We use Google Analytics to collect information about how our website performs and how our users, in general, navigate through and use 250 Mils Website. This helps us evaluate our users' use of 250 Mils Website; compile statistical reports on activity; and improve our content and website performance.
Google Analytics gathers certain simple, non-personally identifying information over time, such as your IP address, browser type, internet service provider, referring and exit pages, timestamp, and similar data about your use of 250 Mils Website. We do not link this information to any of your personal information such as your user name.
250 Mils will not, nor will we allow any third party to, use the Google Analytics tool to track our users individually; collect any User Personal Information other than IP address; or correlate your IP address with your identity. Google provides further information about its own privacy practices and offers a browser add-on to opt out of Google Analytics tracking.
Certain pages on our site may set other third party cookies. For example, we may embed content, such as videos, from another site that sets a cookie. While we try to minimize these third party cookies, we can’t always control what cookies this third party content sets.
Information collected by Web Beacons and Log Files:
250 Mils collects certain non-personally identifiable information through the use of web beacons and log files. Such information may include your IP address, browser type, Site usage, and whether you opened emails you received from us.
Information collected through Product Reviews:
You may choose to submit a product review. If you post a review, we may ask for certain information to validate your review such as email address, photo, and your city/state/country of residence. If you submit a review, we may publish your geographic location or other anonymous information but your email address will be kept private. Additionally, any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to the Site. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. We believe you can post a helpful review without disclosing any personally identifiable information. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at support@postermywall.com .
How do 250 Mils secures your information?
When you place orders or access your account information, we use commercially reasonable and generally-accepted technological safeguards to secure any information we collect about you. The secure server software ("SSL") we use encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. In addition, your 250 Mils account information is password-protected for your privacy and security. You should always take steps to protect the confidentiality of the password you select. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when you finish using a shared computer.
We operate internationally and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States. As a result, your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with us, you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all information you provide to us in the United States. You may also choose not to provide us with certain information, but that may result in you being unable to use certain features of our Site because such information may be required in order for you to: register as a member; purchase products or services; participate in a contest, promotion, survey, or sweepstakes; ask a question; or initiate other transactions on our Site.
We work very hard to protect your privacy, but we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personally identifiable information or private communications will always remain private. While we use industry-standard precautions to safeguard your personally identifiable information, no method of transmission, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at support@postermywall.com .
How does 250 Mils use your information?
We use the personally identifiable information you provide to:
provide the features and functionality of the Site;
fulfill your requests for our products and services;
pay earnings;
communicate with you about the status of your orders and other inquiries about our products and services;
send you information about our products and services;
for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits and so forth;
help us create content that is most relevant to you; and provide notices about the results of contest, and other promotions.
Third Party
What info is shared with or collected by this partner
Partner's purpose
Getty Images
Royalty payment tracking
We use your email address to communicate with you about your account and to send you certain notification emails. You can change the frequency of those emails in your 250 Mils account settings. When you purchase products from the Site, we may use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send marketing messages and notifications from time-to-time whether or not you created an account with us. You may unsubscribe or change the frequency of email notifications on the Account Settings page in "My Account." If you email a product to a friend or refer a friend to the Site or our promotions, we will use your friend's email to send them the e-mail you requested. Your friend's e-mail addresses will only be used for this purpose unless permission is otherwise granted. 250 Mils does not store this information. Your friend may contact us at support@postermywall.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
We use non-personally identifiable information to monitor the use and performance of the Site so that we can learn more about how people use the Site which helps us improve our products and services and significantly enhance your experience on our Site.
Does 250 Mils disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
We will share your personally identifiable information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties. Generally, 250 Mils does not share personally identifiable information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies without your consent except that:
250 Mils provides information to its agents and trusted service providers and contractors for limited purposes, such as fulfilling customer orders and processing credit card transactions; offering certain products and services; communicating with customers; providing customer service; managing information on our behalf; and enhancing the Site features and functionality. In such cases, we require that these parties agree to use the information solely for the purpose for which we provided it to them and in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
If you sign up for a promotion (e.g., a contest or sweepstakes offer) or enroll in a service we offer in partnership with a third party, we may provide information (such as your name, email address, and account activity) to such third parties.
250 Mils may also release information (including your name, addresses, telephone number, and account activity) when we, in our sole discretion believe that such release is necessary or appropriate to:
comply with law;
comply with subpoenas, warrants, court orders, government investigations, or other legal process;
enforce or apply the terms of any of our user or license agreements;
investigate or respond to allegations of fraud, intellectual property infringement, or other unlawful activity
investigate fraud or similar claims;
protect the rights, property or safety of 250 Mils, our users, or others.
protect our operations; or
permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
In the event that 250 Mils is acquired by or merges with another company, 250 Mils reserves the right to transfer, in connection with such acquisition or merger, all information we have collected from our users. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information.
250 Mils may disclose non-personally-identifiable information to third parties in aggregate form or to potential business partners and investors.
Advertising:
250 Mils may use third party service providers to place ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on the Site. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other websites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a web beacon, which is industry standard technology used by most major sites. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information about you used by our third party service providers, please contact us at support@postermywall.com .
Name of Third Party Partner
What info is shared with or collected by this partner
Partner's purpose
Google Adservices
Ad network
Anonymous IP, URL clickstream related to viewing specific designer's products and stores.
communicating with customers; providing customer service
Social/sharing tools
If you have any inquiries regarding our partner's privacy practices or how they use your personal information, please contact us directly at support@postermywall.com .
In addition, 250 Mils is a dynamic marketplace with a great number of branded products and content. We will offer our users the opportunity to opt-in to receive from our partners emails, notifications of promotions and the like offered by such partners. You have the right to decline to opt-in to take advantage of this service.
Social Media Features and Widgets:
Our Site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and widgets, such as the "ShareThis" button or interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Facebook Connect or other OpenID provider:
You can log in to our Site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
Does this Privacy Policy apply when I access third party websites?
You may be able to access third party websites directly from the Site. However, this Privacy Policy does not apply when you access third party websites. We cannot control how third parties may use personally identifiable information you disclose to them, so you should carefully review the privacy policy of any third party website you visit before using it or disclosing your personally identifiable information to its provider.
What about children's privacy?
Children under the age of 13 may not use the Site.
Changing, deleting, or updating my information:
Most of your account information can be changed in the "Edit Profile" section of the Site. If you have any questions about what information is stored or would like to obtain a copy of such information, please contact us at support@postermywall.com or Privacy c/o 250 Mils, LLC 969-G Edgewater Blvd., #860 Foster City, CA 94404. After receiving proof of your identity, we will provide the information to you, and you may request that we delete or change any or all of the information. We will respond to your request to access within thirty (30) days of receipt. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.
Changes to our Privacy Statement:
We will occasionally update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and services. When we make any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you in accordance with our User Agreement. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We also encourage you to check back, from time to time, and review this Privacy Policy so that you always will know what personally identifiable information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it. Your continued use of the Site will be subject to the then current Privacy Policy.
The current version of the 250 Mils Privacy Policy is adopted and effective as of May 25, 2018.
Design Studio by PosterMyWall
Picking a design type for a book cover can be a tricky task, as book covers have no particular standard. This guide will help you avoid common issues with creating and printing a book cover.
Giveaways & Discounts
We'd love to hear from you!
If you want to unsubscribe from our mailing list please make sure that "" is your correct email.
If you want to unsubscribe from our mailing list please proceed to the edit profile page .
Send Message
please wait…
send feedback
Please enter a valid email address.
Sorry, your message could not be sent. Try again or email your message to support@postermywall.com .
Message sent. Thanks!
Manage Cookies
Google Analytics
Allows us to improve the site by collecting anonymous site usage data.
Google Adwords
Personalization
