 
For over 50 years, BoatUS has provided affordable insurance coverage options for recreational boaters nationwide. Low-cost policies, available for most all boat types, are serviced by dedicated boating experts committed to exceptional policy service, and expert claims handling that gets you back to boating as quickly as possible. Find the right policy for your boating lifestyle:
Up to $5,000 per incident for watersports equipment including skis, tow ropes, knee boards, wake boards, inflatable tubes and scuba equipment. PLUS increased medical payments, automatic tournament coverage with entry fee reimbursement should you miss an event due to a covered claim.
Mexican law requires all boaters to provide proof of liability insurance from a local provider. Boating in Mexico requires three types of insurance:
1) Hull Coverage
2) Liability Coverage - issued by a Mexican Insurance provider
3) Automobile Liability Coverage - issued by a Mexican Insurance provider if trailering your boat on land.
In the event of an auto or boating accident, Mexican law requires proof of financial responsibility, which is typically done by showing authorities your insurance policy. Without proof of coverage, your boat and vehicle can be impounded until you prove you weren't at fault. However, the Mexican government will only recognize a Mexican insurer.
The link below will connect you with a bona-fide Mexican insurer working in partnership with BoatUS to provide both boat and auto liability coverage for as little as one day or as long as one year. They'll provide you with the coverage and supporting paperwork so, in the event of an accident, you'll be able to show Mexican coverage.
Click to be taken to our Mexican insurance partner's website and the quote page for your auto. If you would like a boat quote please call them at 1-844-273-5527.
For hull coverage, please note that your BoatUS insurance policy requires a cruising area extension when boating in Mexico. The only exception is for Bass Boat policy holders whose cruising area includes Mexico. You can obtain this extension over the phone by calling BoatUS Policy Services at 1-800-283-2883 as soon as you plan your trip.
Information for Canadian Residents
For boaters with a Canadian residential address BoatUS has teamed up with CNA Canada to offer hull coverage for your recreational boat. Please call toll-free 1-888-755-2888.
Don't forget to Add Mexican Liability Coverage
Coverage for your boat and auto if you trailer it into the country. Learn More
Our experienced team of claims professionals will dispatch assistance, utilizing our nationwide network of towers, salvors and surveyors to help policyholders through boating emergencies like fire, sinking, theft or fuel spill containment — even roadside accidents. Your claim is handled by boating experts committed to outstanding service that gets you back on the water — fast.
Full Salvage Assistance
Covers you for the full cost of salvage, without a deductible, up to the insured value of your boat at the time of the loss.
$25,000 Supplemental Family Medical Payments
To ensure that you or your family do not incur large out-of-pocket expense if injured onboard, our policies also include an additional $25,000 for payments not covered by any major medical policy. This coverage is in addition to the medical payments limit you select with your policy.
Additional Fuel Spill Liability
In addition to your policy's standard liability coverage, this extra liability protection protects you from claims for clean-up or 3rd-party damage due to the accidental discharge of oil or fuel that can occur in a sinking, fire, collision, grounding, etc. This "green coverage" is crucial now that federal and state laws subject boaters to liability for cleanup, containment, and environmental damage.
Uninsured Boater Protection
Additional coverage for your injuries caused by a collision where a hit-and-run or uninsured boater is at fault.
Named Storm Haul-Out Coverage
Covers 50% of the cost (up to $1,000), per event, to professionally haul or protect your boat, in preparation for an NOAA Named Storm in your area. (Not applicable for PWCs).
No Depreciation
For boats less than 20 years of age, with few exceptions noted on the policy , you'll receive "new for old" parts and equipment should you suffer a loss.
Diminishing Deductibles
Receive a 25% reduction on your deductible each year you remain claims free, until it reaches $0!
(Begins with your first renewal).
Premium Discounts
 
For a FREE quote for our Agreed Hull Value Policy or any BoatUS policy, visit our Online Application or call toll free, 1-800-283-2883 for personal service.
The BoatUS Marine Insurance Program, 880 South Pickett Street, Alexandria, VA 22304, offers coverage in all 50 states to boat owners with a U.S. address. In California, the program is provided through Boat Association Insurance Services, license #0H87086. All coverage is subject to terms, conditions, limits and exclusions of the policy.
BoatUS Underwriting Companies
BoatUS Insurance Program policies are underwritten by one of two AM Best-Rated insurance companies. Your underwriting company will vary by state of residence. More Information on BoatUS Underwriting
(These pages contain only a general description of coverage. We recommend you read any policy prior to purchase).
Easy Payment Options
 
