GLOCK believes in responsible gun ownership.
Expand your knowledge and make educated decisions to get the most out of your GLOCK pistol.
GLOCK Pistols
GLOCK safety, reliability, and simple operation, all at an affordable price.
As a GLOCK owner, we want to make sure you have all the tools to protect your GLOCK pistol, and get the most out of it.
Safety Equals Practice. Being a responsible gun owner means proper training and to regular practice.
Range
Join our online and sport shooting communities, subscribe to our newsletters, and follow our social media to stay up to date with GLOCK.
Connect with GLOCK
hands. Each GLOCK delivers on our promise of
safety, reliability, & simplicity
Privacy Policy
GLOCK, Inc. is committed to ensuring your privacy is protected. This Privacy Policy, effective September 1, 2013, sets out how GLOCK, Inc. (the "Site", "us" or "we") uses and protects any information that you ("you" or "user") provide us when you use the Site. If you have questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at marketing@glock.us.
Information We Collect and How We Use It
To be able to use certain areas and features of the Site, specifically requested by you, we may require you provide us with information that identifies you personally. This information may include:
Your name
Credit card/payment account information
The information we collect may be used to verify your identity, to create your trigger account, to bill you for the service offered by the Site you have subscribed to, and to correspond with you (such as through email newsletters or correspondence to us initiated by you).
All email newsletters contain instructions to unsubscribe from the mailing list. You can also contact us at marketing@glock.us to remove your email address from our mailing list at any time.
To be able to create an account with trigger, to use and subscribe to the service offered by the Site you must provide us with your identifiable personal information.
We will never sell or share your personal information to any persons or organizations except when required by law for the investigation of illegal or criminal actives, the exercise of legal rights or in defense against any legal claims, or otherwise.
Your Credit Card Information
At the time of payment, your credit card information is passed securely using 128bit SSL to our payment gateway. We never store your credit card information for any reason.
How We Ensure the Security of Your Information
GLOCK, Inc. is committed to ensuring that your identifiable and non-identifiable personal information is secure. We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to prevent unauthorized access, modification, disclosure, or loss of your identifiable personal information. However, we cannot assure your identifiable and non-identifiable personal information will never be disclosed in a nature that conflicts with this Privacy Policy. Additionally, we are not responsible for any breach of security or actions undertaken by any third parties that receive the information.
Cookies - How We Use Them
A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a Web server to be stored on your computer. A cookie cannot give access to your computer or any information stored on your computer. We use cookies to allow the Site to respond to you as an individual by gathering and remembering information about your preferences when using the Site so when you next visit the Site your preferences for using the Site are already set. Cookies are also used to personalize the content you view on the Site (such as your Update Feed). You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. To view more information regarding cookie settings please visit:
For Microsoft Internet Explorer: http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.mspx  
Online Advertising We Use
We use Google AdWords Remarketing to advertise trigger across the Internet. AdWords remarketing will display relevant ads tailored to you based on what parts of the GLOCK, Inc. website you have viewed by placing a cookie on your machine. THIS COOKIE DOES NOT IN ANYWAY IDENTIFY YOU OR GIVE ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER The cookie is used to say "This person visited this page, so show them ads relating to that page." Google AdWords Remarketing allows us to tailor our marketing to better suit your needs and only display ads that are relevant to you.
How to Opt Out of Remarketing and Advertising
If you do not wish to participate in our Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google's Ads Preferences Manager .
You can also opt out of any third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ .
How We Store Data
GLOCK, Inc. retains all rights of ownership on our software, code, databases, designs and any other internally developed application to provide the Site and the Service. You retain all rights of your data posted on the service.
We utilize external vendors and hosting companies to provide the software, hardware, storage, networking and other necessary technology required to provide the service.
Controlling Your Personal Information
We make every effort to give you access to your personal information, to allow you to correct any inaccuracies, or to remove your personal information at your request provided it is not required for genuine business purposes or by law to be retained.
We require you identify yourself and the information you request to access, remove, modify or correct before commencing such requests. We may refuse requests that are of unreasonable technical effort or would be highly unfeasible, endanger the privacy of others, or require access that is not normally necessary. When we provide access to your personal information for the purposes of modification, correction or removal, we do so free of charge except where doing so requires a unreasonable effort.
To request access, correction or removal of your personal information, please contact marketing@glock.us. To request the removal of your account, please contact marketing@glock.us. We will remove all of your information and data from the Site within 7 business days upon receipt of your request.
Updates and Changes to this Privacy Policy
Occasionally, we may change this Privacy Policy. Should we do so, we will post a notification on the Site. Changes will take effect from the date they are posted.
Compare Firearms
GLOCK Footer
