Privacy Policy
We take the issue of your personal privacy very seriously. We pledge to never make available to any third party your personal information. We will never sell your name or email address to anyone, including other publishers or advertising partners.
Health and medical web sites have a particular responsibility to protect the privacy and confidentiality of their users.  As a user of health and medical-related web sites, you have a right to use such sites with the confidence that your personal, private, medical, and/or any other information is not being tracked, collected, otherwise aggregated, or disclosed without your express consent.
Data that is non-user specific only may be collected and used to present site visitors ads that may be more relevant, and thus, of greater interest and use to them.  HealingWell.com serves advertising using ad serving company, e-Healthcare Solutions.  Please take a moment to read e-Healthcare Solution's privacy policy .
HealingWell.com will only collect names, email addresses and other personal information that is voluntarily provided by the visitor             (Note:  You must be at least 13 years old to register for our services). This information will only be saved for the purposes of communicating with those who have provided this information voluntarily regarding our services.
Cookies
HealingWell.com uses cookies for some services "cookies" to track users traffic patterns and manage user authentication. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. These cookies are used to assist you in reaching the appropriate information and make your visit tailored to your individual preferences. You are free to decline these cookies by setting your browser accordingly; however, refusing the cookies may prevent you from accessing and using some services of the web site, including the community forums.
Forums and Chat
Forum members are subject to the Terms of Service Agreement (visible when not logged in) and forum rules . The forums are public, not private, and therefore viewable to members and guests alike (as well as Internet search engines), except for user profiles. User profiles are not viewable to guests. However, they are visible to registered members.  Users should modify their preferences in the "Control Panel" > "Edit Profile" section to ensure that no information is shared that they do not want other registered users to have access to.  HealingWell.com is not responsible for any personally identifiable information posted to the forums by members.
Newsletter Subscribers
Communications from HealingWell.com may include newsletters, promotions and announcements.  We use MailChimp's service to send email newsletters. Newsletter subscribers will be asked to opt-in before using this service, which is done to ensure better delivery with your Internet Service Provider (ISP).  If at any time you choose not to receive the newsletter any longer, just click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any newsletter mailing.
If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of HealingWell.com, please feel free to contact us directly at
Disclaimer
This site contains facts, views, opinions, statements, and recommendations of third party individuals, writers, advertisers and organizations. HealingWell.com LLC does not represent or endorse the views, accuracy or reliability of any advice, opinion, statement, product or service displayed or distributed on this web site.  You acknowledge that any reliance upon such opinion, advice, statement or information shall be at your sole risk.
The information provided by HealingWell.com LLC is for educational purposes only and should not be treated as medical advice. Nothing contained on HealingWell.com is intended to be for medical diagnosis or treatment or a substitute for consultation with a qualified healthcare professional.  In no event will HealingWell.com LLC, its affiliates, partners, agents, or contractors be liable to you for any damages or losses resulting from or caused by HealingWell.com LLC and its services, including use of the forums and chat rooms, third party email service, advertisements, health information content or any errors or omissions in its content, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. HealingWell.com LLC does not endorse any products or services of its sponsors or advertisers, and is not responsible for claims made by such.
HealingWell.com LLC respects the copyrights of contributing writers and authors and other content providers.  It is illegal to reprint articles in any format, online or offline, without explicit written permission from the author or content provider.  HealingWell.com LLC is not responsible for any third party use or misuse, including violation of copyright laws, of contributed content, nor is it responsible for the posting of copyrighted material to  forums, chat rooms, or any other violations of our terms of service.
HealingWell.com LLC also reserves the right to delete content that violate applicable law or is deemed to be potentially harmful to others.  That said, HealingWell.com LLC does not have the practical ability to restrict conduct or communications  prior to  transmission on the Internet, nor can it ensure prompt removal of offending message board posts, although forums are monitored regularly and such posts are subject to deletion.
