The Short And the Long Of It
In the simplest terms, it is our desire to protect your information and only use it as necessary for your ease and benefit as you interact with us.  We have provided you with some a short summary of what that looks like, along with the longer version that provides all the specifics and details.  As always, if you have questions, please contact us .
The Short Version:
For your protection, all personal information that we gather from your account is safely stored on our secure server. PraiseCharts does not sell or lend its contact list to any other business. All personal information gathered is volunteered, and non-personal information is gathered through web analytics tools -- each for the purpose of serving you more effectively and efficiently.
We do not collect credit card information. All financial transactions are handled through authorized, third-party merchant providers -- namely, PayPal and Converge/Elavon.
By registering or leaving your email with PraiseCharts, you consent to receiving email communication directly from PraiseCharts for the purpose of informing you about our resources and services.  All of our emails include an unsubscribe link, which you can easily click in order to discontinue receiving email communication from PraiseCharts. Any personal information that is gathered by PraiseCharts may be viewed and edited from  My Account and the links on the side of that page or  My Information and the links on the side of that page. From there, you can opt in or out of our email updates or modify your payment card information. If you have any questions or concerns about how your personal information is being handled, please contact our Customer Support Specialist as follows:
Customer Support
Langley, BC V3A 3N4
At PraiseCharts (Sonreign Media, Inc., DBA PraiseCharts Publishing, Inc.), we are committed to protecting your privacy.
For this reason, we collect and use personal information only as it might be needed for us to deliver to you our products, services, and support.
This Privacy Policy explains:
• How we use that Information; and,
• To whom we disclose it;
It also describes options we provide for you to access, update or otherwise take control of your personal information that we process.
If at any time you have questions about our practices or any of your rights described below, you may reach our Data and Technology Team by contacting us at support@praisecharts.com
At PraiseCharts we provide you with various services including an online store, arranging and transcribing services, administration of copyrights and facilities to contact customer support ("Services"). PraiseCharts also provides you with products that are listed on the online store, including but not limited to charts, sheet music, audio files, as well as subscription and membership services (“Products”).
2. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We collect information so that we can provide the best possible experience when you utilize our Services and/or buy our Products. Much of what you likely consider personal information (name, address, phone number, email address, other identifying information) is collected directly from you when you:
(1) create an account or purchase any of our Products (such as name, email address, password, organization name billing information, phone number);
(2) log-in with Facebook (such as name, email address, Facebook ID);
(3) log-in with email (such as email address and password); or
(4) request newsletters or other information from us (such as email address).
However, we also collect additional information when delivering our Products and Services to you to ensure necessary and optimal performance. These methods of collection may not be as obvious to you, so we wanted to highlight and explain below a bit more about what these might be and how they work:
Account related information is collected in association with your use of our Services, such as account information, purchases of Products, information requests, customer service requests and notes or details explaining what you asked for and how we responded.
Cookies and similar technologies on the Site allow us to track your browsing behavior, links clicked, Products purchased, your device type, and to collect various information, including analytics, about how you use and interact with our Products and Services. This allows us to provide you with more relevant product offerings, a better experience on our Site, and to collect, analyze and improve the performance of our Products and Services. We may also use your location so that we can give you access to country specific services. For additional information, and to learn how to manage the technologies we utilize, you can read our Cookie policy in Section 5 below.
Information about Usage of Services is automatically collected when you use and interact with our Services, including metainformation, log files, cookie/device IDs and location information. This information includes specific information about your interactions with the features, content and links (including those of third-parties, such as social media plugins) contained within the Services, Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type and settings, the date and time the Services were used, information about browser configuration and plugins, language preferences and cookie information, information about devices accessing the Services, including type of device, what operating system is used, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers and error information , and some of this information collected might be capable of and be used to approximate your location.
3. HOW DO WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION?
The information we collect is limited in its use and purpose to only that (1) for which we have been given permission, (2) as necessary to deliver and allow you to interact with the Products and Services you purchased, (3) respond to your requests or to manage your accounts or (4) as we might be required or permitted for legal compliance or other lawful purposes. These uses include:
3.1 Delivering, improving, updating and enhancing the Products and Services we provide to you. We collect various information relating to your Product purchase and use, and/or interactions with our Services. We utilize this information to:
• Improve and optimize the operation and performance of our Services
• Diagnose problems with and identify any security risks, errors, or needed enhancements to the Services
• Detect and prevent fraud and abuse of our Products and Services and systems
• Collect aggregate statistics about use of the Products and Services
• Understand and analyze how you use our Products and Services; and what Products and Services are most relevant to you.
Often, much of the information collected is aggregated (or statistical data) to understand how individuals use our Products and Services, and is not linked to any personal information, but to the extent it is itself personal information, or is linked or linkable to personal information, we treat it accordingly.
3.2 Sharing with trusted third parties. We may share your personal information with third parties with which we have partnered to allow you to integrate their services into our own Products and Services, and with trusted third party service providers as necessary for them to perform services on our behalf, such as:
• Processing credit card payments
• Performing analysis of our Services
• Communicating with you, such as by way of email or push notification messages sent on mobile.
• Customer relationship management
• Offering extended services through API connections to other sites
We only share your personal information as necessary for any third party to provide the services as requested or as needed on our behalf. These third parties are subject to strict data processing terms and conditions and are prohibited from utilizing, sharing or retaining your personal information for any other purpose than as they have been specifically contracted for (or without your consent).
3.3 Communicating with you. We may contact you directly or through a third party service provider regarding Products or Services you have signed up for or purchased from us, such as necessary to deliver transactional or service related communications. We may also contact you with offers for additional services we think you’ll find valuable if you give us consent, or where allowed, based upon legitimate interests. You don’t need to provide consent as a condition to purchase our Products or Services. These contacts may include:
• Email
• Push Notifications
You may also update your subscription preferences with respect to receiving communications from us by contacting us directly on support@praisecharts.com.
3.4 Transfer of personal information abroad. If you utilize our Services from a country other than the country where our servers are located, your communications with us may result in transferring your personal information across international borders. Also, when you call us, we may provide you with support from one of our locations outside your country of origin. In these cases, your personal information is handled according to this Privacy Policy.
3.5 Compliance with legal, regulatory and law enforcement requests. We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process, to protect our property and rights or the property and rights of a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we consider to be illegal or unethical.
To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
3.6 Website analytics. We use multiple web analytics tools provided by service partners such as Facebook Analytics, Google Analytics, MOZ, Optimziely, etc to collect information about how you interact with our Site, Products and Services, including what pages you visit, how much time you spend on each page, and IP information. We use the information provided by these tools to improve our Services. These tools place persistent cookies in your browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our Site. Each cookie cannot be used by anyone other than the service provider (ex: Facebook for Facebook Analytics). The information collected from the cookie may be transmitted to and stored by these service partners on servers in a country other than the country in which you reside. Though information collected does not include personal information such as name, address, billing information, etc., the information collected is used and shared by these service providers in accordance with their individual privacy policies. You can control the technologies we use by managing your settings through Privacy Settings or the ‘cookie banners” that may be presented when you first visit our webpages, or by utilizing settings in your browser or third-party tools, such as “Disconnect” and others.
3.7 Targeted advertisements. Targeted ads or interest-based offers may be presented to you based on your activities on our Site and based on the Products you purchased. These offers will display as varying product banners presented to you while browsing. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information such activities in order to provide you with advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests, and to measure advertising effectiveness.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this section.
4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We will keep the personal information we hold confidential but may provide information to:
4.1 personnel, agents, technology companies and other third party service providers in connection with our operations or services;
4.2 our out-of-country offices and affiliates;
4.3 persons under a duty of confidentiality to us; or,
4.4 persons to comply with legal process if required by applicable laws and to enforce and administer our agreements with users such as the Terms of Service.
5. COOKIES
As it is a standard practice of websites, our Site logs your IP address and uses "cookies," which are data files that are downloaded onto your computer when you visit our Site. Cookies automatically identify your browser to our server whenever you interact with the Site. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive user experience. We use the information that cookies provide to improve the customer experience of our Site as well as for marketing purposes. You can disable cookies by turning them off in your browser, however the user experience of our Site can be limited then. We do not use cookies to track any personal information such as your name or address, but we do utilize cookies to track your session.
6. HOW TO ACCESS OR UPDATE YOUR INFORMATION
All your personal information is available to you under My Account and is editable under My Information and the links on the sidebars of those pages.  If you would like assistance to access and update your information please email us at support@praisecharts.com.
If you are unable for any reason to access our Privacy Settings, you may also contact us at support@praisecharts.com.
7. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF INFORMATION
Information, including information collected from the European Economic Area ("EEA") may be transferred, stored and processed by us and our services providers in Canada and the United States and other countries whose data protection laws may be different than the laws of your country. We will protect your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy wherever it is processed and take appropriate steps to protect the information in accordance with applicable laws.
If you live in the EEA, or a similar international area, you may have additional privacy rights available to you under applicable laws. We will process your requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws. By visiting our Site and communicating electronically with us, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this Online Privacy Policy. If you would like to exercise any of the below rights, please contact support@praisecharts.com so that we may consider your request in accordance with applicable law:
• Right not to provide or withdraw consent: You have the right not to provide or withdraw your consent at any time.
• Right of access: You may have the right to access the Personal Data that you provided us.
• Right of erasure: You may have the right to the erasure of Personal Data that we hold about you.
• Right to object to processing: You may have the right to request that we stop processing your Personal Data and/or to stop sending you marketing communications.
• Right to rectification: You may have the right to require us to correct any of your Personal Data.
If you live in the EEA or are under the GDPR and make a request to delete your personal information, and that information is necessary for the Products you have purchased or the Services you are using, the request will be honored only to the extent it is no longer necessary for any Services used or required for our legitimate business purposes or legal or contractual record keeping requirements.
8. SECURITY
We use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the security of your personal information by using industry-standard security technologies and managerial procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. However, we do not guarantee that your personal information will not be intercepted or accessed by others and decrypted, or used in any unauthorized manner.
9. DATA TRANSFERS
We may hold your Information on servers in Canada or in the United States and any other territories as we see fit from time to time. We may also transfer your Information to our overseas offices or to any people listed in section 3 above, who may be located in or outside of Canada or the United States.
10.0'DO NOT TRACK' NOTIFICATIONS
Some browsers allow you to automatically notify websites you visit not to track you using a “Do Not Track” signal. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, we currently do not alter our practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit www.allaboutdnt.com.
11. AGE RESTRICTIONS
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use our website without parenta supervision and consent and we ask that children under the age of 13 not submit personal information to us. We believe that is important that parents supervise their minor children when they are online. As a result, we require that persons under the age of 18 use this website only in conjunction with parents or legal guardians.
12. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site.
13. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like more information, contact us at support@praisecharts.com or by mail at
PraiseCharts Publishing, Inc.
Langley, BC V3A 3N4
Signup For Free
I have read and accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy . I agree to receive emails from PraiseCharts and understand that I can unsubscribe at any time.
