Privacy Policy
We thank you for accessing this site, this means that you care about your data and that you want to exercise your rights on them: to know about where they go and to be informed about who manages them. On another hand, we are also pleased to know that you value our care when it comes to the processing of your information. Our premise is the absolute transparency when it comes to our user’s information, about how we use it and who we share it with.
SPECIFICS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICY
First and foremost, it is important that you know the national and international legal framework that guides our work, and how we operate under these regulations.
When it comes to national legal framework, BiblioCAD meets the requirements of Law N° 25.326 of Personal Data Protection, from the National Office of Personal Information Protection of Argentina, assuming our capacity as Registered User.
This law regulates issues of the protection of data settled on files, registers, data bases, or other technical means of data processing, whether these are public or private, meant to give reports and to guarantee the right to honor and privacy.
When it comes to the international legal framework, BiblioCAD meets the requirements of the existing legislation of the European Union, adopting the organizational and technical safety measurements required on the Data Protection Regulation of the European Union, GDPR (Regulation EU 2016/679 of April, 27th 2016, on the protection of personal data).
Based on this legal framework, the registered legal responsible of BiblioCAD.com is: Héctor Eduardo Reitmann – CUIT 20-11873344-5 - Address: 50, Mariano Moreno st. - 5168 Valle Hermoso - Córdoba (Argentina) - Activity: architecture and design - Email: hector@bibliocad.com
For clarification purposes, we inform you that our Privacy Policy is valid only for personal data obtained through our Website, not applicable to information gathered by Third-Parties on other websites, including those linked to BiblioCAD.com.
In this way, and as a conclusion, we manifest our commitment to maintain and guarantee the commercial relationships in a safe way, through the protection of personal data and guaranteeing the right to privacy of all of BiblioCAD.com’s users.
WHAT IS PERSONAL DATA?
In order to improve your comprehension about this matter we offer you a little explanation. You must now that any information related to a particular person is considered to be “Personal Data” and it is obtained when a person visits a Website. In BiblioCAD.com ‘s case it is basically your real first and last name, your e-mail address and your country of residency. If you pay for a subscription that requires a bill, then the data also includes your full address and ID number (DNI in Argentina, CUIT or CIF).
Additionally, when you visit our website, some information is automatically stored for technical reasons, for example, the IP address assigned by your Internet provider.
PURPOSE, LEGITIMACY, CATEGORY OF THE OBTAINED DATA, CONSENT TO PROCESSING AND UNDERAGE USERS
As set out on the regulations, we inform the user that, through contact forms, accounts creations and work sending, we obtain data, which is stored on a file, with the sole purpose of the flow of electronic communications related with the user’s account, such us: passwords retrievals, accounts validation, requests for technical assistance, notifications of account expiry, and matters related to the sending of works that the user may have created with the objective of being published. BiblioCAD.com understands that all these communications are necessary for its users. The fields marked as mandatory are indispensable to accomplish the purpose, since they allow us to meet the requirements solicitated by the users.
Only the owner of the account will have access to his/her data, and under no circumstances will this data we granted, shared, transferred or sold to any third-party.
The acceptance of the privacy policy, through an established double opt-in procedure, will be understood as the granting of the user’s express and unequivocal consent, to process the personal data as exposed on the present document, as well as to transfer data internationally, which is necessary due to the physical location of the services provider’s and data processing manager’s premises.
Therefore, the legitimacy is obtained through the consent that we will elaborate on subsequently.
In no case there will be a different use to which this data has been gathered for, neither will they be granted to a third-party.
UNDERAGE USERS
If you are over 13 years old, you can log in at https://www.bibliocad.com without the previous consent of parents.
What happens if you are under the age of 13?
If this is your case, it will be a mandatory condition that you have your parents or legal guardian’s consent, so that we can process your personal information.
Warning: If you are under the age of thirteen and you haven’t got your parent’s consent, you may not register on our website, therefore, your request will be denied if we don’t have a record of that.
LEGITIMACY
It is only because of your consent that we are able to process your personal data, and so this becomes a mandatory requirement in order to subscribe to BiblioCAD.com.
As you know, you can withdraw your consent at any moment.
CATEGORY OF THE DATA
The gathered data are not sensitive data. They are categorized as identifying data.
DURATION OF DATA RETENTION
BiblioCAD.com will retain data for as long as it is legally established, or until you request their elimination.
COMPLIANCE OF APPLICABLE REGULATIONS
As we have informed you, BiblioCAD.com is committed to comply with the European regulations of GDPR of the European Union, from May, 2018.
Additionally, BiblioCAD.com informs you about the compliance with Law 34/2002 of July, 22nd, 2002, of the Law on Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (Spain), and as a consequence we will solicitate the USER’S consent for the processing of his/her e-mail with commercial purposes in each moment.
According to what is established on the law, we inform you that the provided data, as well as those that come from your browsing, will be stored on BiblioCAD.com’s files and will be processed with the objective of replying to your requests and to maintain the relation between the forms you subscribe to.
Additionally, the USER grants the processing of his/her data to be informed, by any means, e-mail included, of BiblioCAD.com ‘s products and services.
Should the user not authorize the data processing for the purposes stated above, the USER can exercise his/her right to oppose said data processing, on the terms and conditions that we establish later on, on the “Exercise of Rights” section.
SECURITY MEASURES
BiblioCAD.com informs you that we have implemented technical and organizational security measures that are necessary to ensure the security of your personal data and to avoid their alteration, loss and processing and/or unauthorized access, given the state of the technology, the nature of the stored data and the risks to which they are exposed, whether they come from human action or from the physical or natural environment. All of this, in accordance with the provisions of the GDPR.
Furthermore, BiblioCAD.com has established additional measures in order to reinforce the confidentiality and integrity of the information in its organization aspects; continuously maintaining the supervision, control and evaluation of the processes to ensure respect for the data privacy.
EXCERSICE OF RIGHTS
Those individuals who have provided their data through https://www.bibliocad.com, may contact the owner of the website in order to freely exercise their rights to access their data, rectify or delete, limit or oppose incorporation of data on their files.
The fastest and easiest method to delete or modify data is to access your user account at www.bibliocad.com, where you can even delete your user account and, with it, all your data will disappear, except those which are directly related to the Upload of your work, if you had done it, and whose conditions you have accepted when sharing them. In case you wish to delete your account, this forces us to remove the information associated with your account in a public way, but we will keep some data stored: those that, in virtue of a legal or contractual obligation, may serve to defend yours or third-parties’ rights when it comes to shared works. In any case, the stored data that is directly related to the shared works will be saved only for that exclusive use. For example, if you have submitted works and they have been published in BiblioCAD.com, we must retain data such as your first and last name, email and IP from which you made the submission, because BiblioCAD.com must be able to certify other users that you have the rights of the published work, even if you are no longer a user of Bibliocad.com. In that case and upon request to delete your account, all these data will be hidden, but stored properly and associated with your work.
The interested party may exercise his/her rights by written communication addressed to Lucas Reitmann with the reference "Data protection", specifying his/her data, identity and the reasons for the request at the following address:
Lucas Reitmann
You may also exercise your rights through e-mail, at dpo@bibliocad.com
LINKS OR EXTERNAL LINKS
As a service to our visitors, our website may include hyperlinks to other websites that are not operated or controlled by BiblioCAD.com. Therefore BiblioCAD.com does not guarantee, nor is responsible for the legality, reliability, usefulness, veracity and timeliness of the contents of such websites or their privacy policies. Before providing your personal information, please take into consideration that websites that are not related to BiblioCAD.com may not have the same privacy policies as ours.
The only purpose of these links is to provide the User the possibility of accessing them and knowing about our work, although BiblioCAD.com does not offer or sell, not by itself nor through third parties, the information, content and services available on the linked sites, nor does it approve, supervise or control in any way the contents and services and any material of any nature existing in them. BiblioCAD.com is not responsible in any case for the results that may be derived to the User for accessing these links.
MODIFICATION OF THE PRIVACY POLICY
Bibliocad.com reserves the right to modify its Privacy Policy, according to its own criteria, motivated by a legislative, jurisprudential or doctrinal change of the Data Protection Agency of the European Union, or of the Argentine Republic.
Any modification of the Privacy Policy will be published at least ten days before its effective application. The use of BiblioCAD.com after said changes, will imply the acceptance of them.
FILE RESPONSIBLE AND PROCESSING MANAGER
The responsible for the data files is Lucas Reitmann (who’s information is specified above).
In regards to processing managers, external to said responsible, BiblioCAD.com has hired the services of Hosting a Host Europe GmbH, (Identified with the commercial name of Serverloft) with social address at Hansestr 111 - 51149 Cologne – Germany, who provides hosting services for BiblioCAD.com. You may consult the privacy policy, inscription numbers and other legal aspects of that company on the following link: https://www.serverloft.com/en/legal-notice/
BBiblioCAD.com has hired Cloudflare Inc. por CDN services and proxy cache with premises at 101 Townsend St, San Francisco, CA 94107 – USA. You may consult the privacy and safety policies of this company on the following link: https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy/
We have also hired Comintech Corp as a server for sending and receiving e-mail. This company is located at 1947 NE 190th ST, North Miami, FL, 33180, USA. Phone +17864542724. You may consult their privacy policy on the following link: https://billing.comintech.us/privacy.php
BiblioCAD.com has hired the following companies for the service of electronic commerce:
2Checkout, located at Suite 100 - 855 Grandview Ave. Columbus 43215 - United States – they provide online payment services. You can consult their privacy policy at https://www.2checkout.com/policies/privacy-policy/
Digital River My Commerce Inc. (Identified with the commercial name of SWREG), located at 10380 Bren Road - Minnetonka - Minnesota 55343 - United States - they provide online payment services. You can consult their privacy policy at https://www.swreg.org/privacy.htm
Paypal. You can consult their privacy policy at https://www.paypal.com/en/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
SERVICES OFFERED BY THIRD-PARTIES ON THIS WEBSITE
In order to provide services that are strictly necessary for the development of its activity, BiblioCAD.com uses the following providers under their corresponding privacy conditions.
Hosting: Host Europe GmbH, Comintech Corporation.
CDN: Cloudflare Inc.
Privacy of tracking sources used on this site: Google (Analytics)
For more information about this, you can check our cookies policy at https://www.bibliocad.com/cookies/ .
The user and, in general, any natural or legal person, may establish a hyperlink or technical link device (for example, links or buttons) from their website at https://www.bibliocad.com (the "Hyperlink"). The establishment of the Hyperlink does not imply in any case the existence of relations between BiblioCAD.com and the owner of the site or webpage on which the Hyperlink is established, nor the acceptance or approval by BiblioCAD.com of its contents or services. In any case, BiblioCAD.com reserves the right to prohibit or disable any hyperlink to the Website at any time.
YOU DON’T WANT TO GET OUR INFORMATION ANYMORE, OR DO YOU WISH TO REVOKE YOUR CONSENT?
In accordance with what is established on Law 34/2002, of Information Society Services and Electronic Commerce (Spain) you may oppose to the use of your information for advertising purposes, market research or development of satisfaction surveys at any time, as well as revoke your consent at any time (without retroactive effect). In order to do this, you should send an email to dpo@bibliocad.com.
If you have received any type of communication by email, you will find within said email the possibility of opposing that type of communication, by clicking on the link included in it, so that you can unsubscribe after following the provided instructions. An even more effective and simple way would be to log into your account and choose (or modify) the corresponding options.
Please bear in mind that our systems may require a period of time that in no case will exceed 48 hours for your opposing or revocation to take effect, understanding that during this period of time you can continue to receive messages.
In relation to the management of your data associated with the social profiles of BiblioCAD.com, the exercise of the right of access will depend on the functionality of the social network and the possibilities of accessing the information of the user profiles. With regard to the rights of access and rectification, we remind you that they can only be fulfilled in relation to that information that is under the control of BiblioCAD.com.
You can also stop interacting, follow or receiving information from the social profiles of Bibliocad.com, remove content that no longer interests you or restrict who you share your connections with, through the mechanisms stipulated in the different social media.
The user can access the privacy policies of each Social Network, as well as configure their profile to guarantee their privacy. BiblioCAD.com encourages users to familiarize themselves with the conditions of use of different social media before using them.
SYSTEMS OF CAPTURE OF PERSONAL DATA AND THEIR PURPOSE
Account creation forms: there are several forms to create and manage user accounts within the website.
Works submission form: the website includes a form created to allow the submission of works, to be published as the user's own content. The user must send these works with title and description. This data will be stored in the Serverloft servers and in the email platforms mentioned above.
Contact form: There is a contact form with the purpose of answering queries, suggestions or professional contact. In this case, the email address will be used to respond to them and send the information that the user requires through the website. This data will be stored on the Comintech Corp. and Serverloft servers.
Cookies: When the user registers or browses this website, "cookies" are stored. The user can consult the cookie policy at any time to expand information on the use of cookies and how to deactivate them.
Sale of infoproducts: Through the website, you can acquire infoproducts such as subscriptions to BiblioCAD.com. In this case, buyer's information is required (First and last name, address and e-mail) through the payment platforms already described.
Users can unsubscribe and delete their BiblioCAD.com account, at any time by logging into their account and deleting it from https://www.bibliocad.com/settings/ .
Tracking systems used in this site: Google (Analytics), as well as Add exchange, which analyze users' preferences, their demographic characteristics, their traffic patterns, and other information together to better understand who their audience is and what it needs. The tracking of the preferences of our users also helps us to show them ads adapted to their interests.
In no way will we share, sell or rent your personal information with other parties. We may share certain information with the service providers listed above which are necessary for the operation of the website.
SOCIAL PLUGINS
On our website we offer links and services related to different social media (eg: "Likes" on Facebook). If you are a member of a social network and click on the corresponding link, the social network provider may link your profile data with the information of your visit to said web page.
Therefore, it is convenient that you inform yourself about the functions and policies regarding the processing of personal data of each social network, if you access one of our webpages with any of your profiles on social media or share information through them.
You can access the privacy policies of the different social media at any time, as well as configure your profile to guarantee your privacy. We encourage you to read the conditions of use before you start using them:
CHANGES ON THE PRESENT PRIVACY POLICY
BiblioCAD.com reserves the right to modify this policy to adapt it to legislative or jurisprudential changes, as well as industry practices. In such cases, the Provider will announce the changes on this page with reasonable anticipation of its implementation.
ACCEPTANCE, CONSENT AND REVOCABILITY
Now that you are aware of all the details of our Privacy Policy and that you have been informed of the conditions that we have implemented for the protection of your personal data, we invite you to grant us your acceptance and consent for data processing by BiblioCAD.com for the purposes that were indicated on this report.
As we have previously informed you, you can revoke your personal data at any time, although you must remember that this modification will not be retroactive.
Through your acceptance of our Privacy Policy, you provide your informed express free and unambiguous consent so that the personal data you provide through the website https://www.bibliocad.com are included in the "BiblioCAD Users" files.
©2018 Bibliocad. All rights reserved.
We use cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. Read more
