Your Privacy
At Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What Information Do We Collect? How Do We Use It?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit-card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your orders and to notify you of your order status.
You may voluntarily sign up to be informed about certain offers. For this service we need only an e-mail address, which we use to send the information you requested.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address and e-mail address, so we can administer the contest and notify winners.
We personalize your shopping experience by using your purchases to shape our recommendations about other merchandise that might be of interest to you. We also monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the store.
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important changes to the Web site, new Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore services and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, please notify us. Make sure to notify us for each account or e-mail address you have left with us.
What About "Cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies enable us to provide features such as storing items in your shopping cart and providing you with a personalized shopping experience based on your browsing history on SportsmansOutdoorSuperstore.com. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that.
Will Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore Disclose the Information   it Collects to Outside Parties?
Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore does not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others. Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.
In Summary
We are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore possible and to enhance your overall shopping experience.  We do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others.
Your Consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Tell Us What You Think
Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. Please e-mail us at info@sportsmansoutdoorsuperstore.com .
Connect with Us
While every effort is made to include accurate and correct images, descriptions and pricing for all products, inadvertent errors may occur. Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore reserves the right to modify or change pricing information or descriptions without notice. If you have a question about an item, please call or e-mail for more information before placing your order.
© 2007-2018 Sportsman's Outdoor Superstore. All rights reserved.
