This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Nando’s Group treats your personal information collected electronically when you use our website or contact us electronically. We respect your privacy and your personal information and for this reason, we take all reasonable measures, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, to protect your personal information and to keep it confidential. By continuing to use our website and/or apply for services you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the provisions of this Privacy Policy, or are concerned about any aspect as it relates to the protection of your personal information, please do not continue to use the website.
2. What information will Nando’s collect about me?
When you visit our website, our web server automatically records the name of your ISP (Internet Service Provider), the website from which you visit us, the pages on our sites you visit and in what sequence, and the date and length of your visit. This information is aggregate and anonymous data and does not identify you specifically. We also store personal identifiable information if you volunteer it, for example if you submit your e-mail address via our contact-us form.
3. What is Nando's cookies policy?
Like many online services, we use a feature called a “cookie”, which is a small data file that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your device’s hard drive. We use this cookie to keep track of your browsing activity whilst on the nandos.com website. The information that we collect through the cookie is aggregated and anonymous and is only used to help us improve how our website works and to understand what interests our users by showing us, for example, which pages you visit. The information does not identify you as an individual user. This website can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices. If you do not wish us to collect the information your browser should allow the disablement of cookies. You can disable cookies at any time by using your browser options, however, if you turn off cookies, we will not be able to recognize you and therefore will not be able to allow you access to the website.
4. How will Nando’s use my personal information?
The only personal information we collect is an email address for those users who wish to contact us. This information is collected simply so that customer services can respond appropriately. Your email address will not be shared with other third parties and will not be used for marketing purposes.
5. What security measures are in place to protect my personal information?
Although absolute security cannot be guaranteed on the Internet, we have in place reasonable technical and organisational security measures to protect your personal information against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, misuse, destruction or against unauthorised disclosure or access to the information we collect online.
6. How will Nando’s store my Personal Data?
We store your personal information locally or on a central database located in the United Kingdom. Your information will not be stored for longer than is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.
7. Will my Personal Data be shared with anyone else?
Your personal information will not be shared with third parties unless such disclosure is required by law, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements or discovery requests.
8. Links, advertisers, third party sponsors & ad-servers
This site may contain links to other sites that are not covered by this Privacy Policy and where information practices may be different from ours. Users should consult the other sites' privacy policies on such third party sites before submitting any personal information, as we are not responsible for and have no control over personal information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third-party sites.
9. Will my Personal Data be transferred out of the UK?
As Nando’s operates globally, it may be necessary to transfer your email address internationally. The data protection and other laws of other countries may not be as comprehensive as those in the European Economic Area. Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected.
10. Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect company initiatives, changes in the law or technology or changes in our practices regarding the collection and use of personal information. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted on this site so that you are always informed of the latest version. The date of the most recent revisions will appear at the top of this page. We will not use or disclose Personal Data provided to us pursuant to this Privacy Policy in ways other than the ones described above, without informing you and providing you with the opportunity to consent to such modified conditions concerning the use and disclosure of your Personal Data.
11. How can I contact Nando’s?
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact us via the contact us form on our website or write to Nando’s Ltd, St Mary’s House, 42 Vicarage Crescent, London, SW113LD, United Kingdom. If any provision of this Privacy Policy is judged to be illegal, void or unenforceable due to applicable law or by order of a court of competent jurisdiction it shall be deemed deleted and the continuation in full force and effect of the remainder of the provisions will not be prejudiced unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines that the substantive purpose of this Privacy Policy is then frustrated, in which case you may contact Nando’s at the above address in order to opt-out of the Privacy Policy.
