Last updated: January 11th 2018
Thanks for using Kami! Here we describe how we collect, use and handle your information when you use our websites, software and services ("Services").
What & Why
 
We collect and use the following information to provide, improve and protect our Services:
Account. We collect, and associate with your account, information like your name, email address, phone number, payment info, and physical address. Some of our services let you access your accounts and your information with other service providers.
Services. When you use our Services, we store, process and transmit your files and information related to them (for example, your annotations ). If you give us access to your contacts, we'll store those contacts on our servers for you to use. This will make it easy for you to do things like share your stuff, send emails, and invite others to use the Services.
Usage. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access the Services. This includes things like IP addresses, the type of browser and device you use, the web page you visited before coming to our sites, and identifiers associated with your devices. Your devices (depending on their settings) may also transmit location information to the Services.
 
 
 
 
Other users. Our Services display information like your name and email address to other users in places like your user profile and sharing notifications. Certain features let you make additional information available to other users.
 
 
 
 
Security. We have a team dedicated to keeping your information secure and testing for vulnerabilities. We also continue to work on features to keep your information safe.
Retention. We'll retain information you store on our Services for as long as we need it to provide you the Services. If you delete your account, we'll also delete this information. But please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and back-up storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time, and will post the most current version on our website. If a revision meaningfully reduces your rights, we will notify you.
Education and Teacher Plans and COPPA
 
If you have licensed Kami under a Teacher Plan or Education Plan, our extended COPPA-compliant student privacy policy applies to you and your users.
EU GDPR
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
- AWS has self-certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield. AWS also announced compliance with the CISPE Code of Conduct. The CISPE Code of Conduct helps cloud customers assess how their cloud infrastructure provider complies with its data protection obligations under the GDPR.
- Google has committed to applying the Privacy Shield’s principles and safeguards to EU-U.S. transfers of personal data. Google’s certificate will soon be accessible here .
Contact
 
Have questions or concerns about Kami, our Services and privacy? Contact us at privacy@kamihq.com.
 
