How is personal information collected?
JUNKEE is Australia’s leading online community of rock music fans. In order to provide customers with a quality service, JUNKEE offers customers the ability to sign up as a community member, interact with other members, subscribe to our newsletter, enter competitions. In order to provide these services, JUNKEE collects personal information about customers. Collection of this information will occur at the time you enter a competition, or when you register to the JUNKEE newsletter.
What personal information does JUNKEE collect and why?
We need to collect personal information about you, including your name, email address and post code. The reason we need this information is so we can contact you to send you a prize. JUNKEE will also provide you with the opportunity to receive special offers and promotions if you wish to do so. Even if you initially choose to subscribe to receive special offers, you may also unsubscribe or resubscribe at a later stage – all you need to do is visit the links at the bottom of our communications (or contact JUNKEE through the contact details on our About page).
Will personal information be given to anyone else?
JUNKEE will not sell or trade personal information about you to or with third parties. JUNKEE will only disclose information about you, if you have given your consent, so that you can be provided with promotional material and special offers. Otherwise, JUNKEE will only disclose personal information if this is required by law or permitted under the Privacy Act.
Security of personal information
Non-customer information
Sometimes, JUNKEE needs to collect personal information about individuals who are not customers. This will usually arise where we collect the name and business contact details of our clients. JUNKEE’s policy is to only use personal information collected from non-customers for the main business purpose for which it was collected.
Access and correction
Under the Privacy Act, you have a right to seek access to information that JUNKEE holds about you. You also have the right to ask us to correct information about you, which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. Both members and non-members may ask us to correct information, which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. To provide you with access to personal information about you, JUNKEE would usually provide you with a print-out of the relevant personal information from our database. If you wish to access the personal information that we hold about you, please set out your request in writing, including your phone number, and forward this to our Privacy Officer at PO Box 1964, Strawberry Hills NSW 2012. In the interests of protecting the privacy of individuals about whom we hold personal information, we will require that you verify your identity by enclosing a copy of a form of identification such as a current driver’s licence or passport with your written request (this will be returned to you after your identity has been verified). If you wish to change personal information that is inaccurate or out-of-date, please contact our Privacy Officer, using the contact details through the contact details on our About page, with your request for correction. JUNKEE’s policy is to consider any requests for access or correction within 21 days. Ordinarily, JUNKEE will not charge you for the cost of providing this type of access to these records. However, if we do propose to charge you, we will advise you of the relevant charge before we provide you with access.
Further notes regarding online privacy
This Privacy Policy is part of the terms of use for our website. When you deal with JUNKEE, whether online or otherwise, JUNKEE takes its privacy obligations seriously. We will use personal information collected online to provide you with our products and services (eg to process your online purchases), to contact you in the case of an event cancellation or a change of venue, and if you agree, for JUNKEE’s marketing purposes. Other matters specific to JUNKEE’s handling of personal information online are set out below.
Online collection of personal and non-personal information
As outlined at point 1 of this Privacy Policy, we collect personal information through our website. Our website also collects other information – some of this is personal information, and some is not. For each visitor to our website, our server automatically recognises and stores the visitor’s domain name, but not their email address. In addition, our website uses cookies. Most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to either prompt or refuse cookies. Please note that rejecting cookies will disable your browser will restrict the functionality of the website as a whole. We also use cookies for tracking the statistics of our website. This allows us to better understand our users and improve the layout and functionality of our website.
Online disclosures
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, JUNKEE has relationships with other companies that we allow to place advertisements on our web pages. If you visit our website, advertisement server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.
Additional privacy information and how to contact JUNKEE
JUNKEE may change its Privacy Policy at any time. JUNKEE will make available this policy to anyone who requests it. For further information about privacy issues and the protection of privacy visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner’s website at www.privacy.gov.au. If you feel that JUNKEE is not complying with this Privacy Policy, or if you have other privacy concerns, please contact our Privacy Officer (using the following contact details):
 
Popular
