Promo Code
At Cedar Fair Entertainment Company (“Cedar Fair”, “we”, “us” or “our”) we take your privacy and the security of your information very seriously.   
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) covers Cedar Fair owned and operated websites (“Sites”), our mobile applications (“apps”), and any services offered by Cedar Fair (collectively, the “Services.”)  This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is part of, our Terms of Use available at https://www.cedarfair.com/legal which govern your access to the Site and your use of the Site and/or Services.  Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meaning assigned to such terms in the Terms of Use. 
If you have any questions regarding this Policy please contact us at Marketing@cedarfair.com . 
The Policy describes the types of information we gather from people visiting our Sites and from individual users (“you” or “users”) interacting with the Services, and how we use, transfer, and secure such information.  By accessing any of our Sites or using any of the Services, you agree to be bound by this Policy.  This Policy does not govern information we receive from third parties, such as third party booking services.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Site, or any of our Services.  Each time you use any Sites, or Services, the current version of this Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, when you use any Site or Services, you should check the date of this Policy (which appears at the top) and review any changes since you last reviewed the Policy.
1     Types of Information We Collect
Cedar Fair may collect two types of information from users of our Sites and Services: “Personal Information” which is information that you voluntarily provide that can be used to identify you (such as name or e-mail address, etc.) and “Aggregate Information” which is information that cannot be used to identify you (such as frequency of visits to the Site, browser type, etc.)
1.1.     Personal Information Collected
1.1.1.     Cedar Fair collects Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us when you use our Sites and Services, including our mobile applications.  For example, you may provide us with your email address, first name and last name, or other Personal Information. 
1.1.2.     We do not control your use of our Sites and Services to share Personal Information with others.  If you chose to share information publicly through our website, mobile application or services, please understand that we cannot control the actions of third parties who could collect this information. 
1.1.3.     Collection of Personal Information by Third Parties:
1.1.4.     Some links on our Sites or certain portions of our mobile applications may redirect you to third party websites and services that Cedar Fair does not operate.  The privacy practices of these websites and services will be governed by their own policies.    We make no representation or warranty as to the privacy policies of any third parties, including the providers of third party applications.  If you are submitting information to any such third party through our Site or Services, you should review and understand that party’s applicable policies, including their privacy policy, before providing your information to the third party. 
1.1.5.     For example, it is possible that your payment information, such as credit card or debit card information, and may be collected and stored by third party payment vendors, should you choose to provide such a payment method to a third party through your use of the Site or Services.
1.2.     Aggregate Information Collected
1.2.1.     Aggregate Information is information that does not identify you.  Aggregate Information may be collected when you visit our Site or interact with our Services independent of any information you voluntarily enter.  Cedar Fair may collect, use, store, and transfer Aggregate Information without restriction.   
1.2.2.     For example, when you visit our Site, some information is automatically collected.  Such information could include your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number that provides an address for your computer), operating system, the site from which you linked to us (“referring page”), the name of the website you chose to visit immediately after ours (called the “exit page”), information about other websites you have recently visited, browser (software used to browse the internet) type and language, device identifier numbers, your site activity, and the time and date of your visit.  Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our visitors, we are not able to respond to Do Not Track signals from your browser at this time. 
1.2.3.     Our mobile applications may automatically collect certain Aggregate Information related to your use of the mobile application.  Such aggregate information may include the date and time of your visit, the phone network associated with your mobile device, your mobile device’s operating system or platform, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device’s unique device ID and the features of our mobile application you accessed. 
1.2.4.     As an integral part of providing the Services, we may use GPS, or other technology to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location.  This allows us, for example, to assist you with finding parking, or provide you with an interactive map of the park.  You can opt out of allowing us to provide this information either by refusing access to the information or disabling your Location setting on your device, but if you choose to opt out, you will not be able to use certain aspects of the Services.  
1.2.5.     You can stop all collection of information by any of our mobile applications by uninstalling the mobile application.  You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. 
1.2.6.     Use of “Cookies”:
1.2.7.     Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to help us identify you when you come to our website.  You have choices with respect to cookies.  By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies.  If you choose to reject all cookies you may be unable to use those aspects of our Sites which require registration in order to participate.  You can learn more about cookies and how they work at www.allaboutcookies.org.  You can always disable cookies through your browser settings. Doing so, however, may disable certain features on our websites.  To opt-out from third party cookies that are used for advertising purposes, you can do so on the NAI website at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
1.2.8.     Analytics:
1.2.9.     Cedar Fair may use analytics, including Google Analytics to analyze traffic to this web site. Google Analytics does not create individual profiles for visitors and only collects aggregate data.  To disable Google Analytics, please download the browser add-on for the deactivation of Google Analytics provided by Google at http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.  To learn more about privacy and Google Analytics, please consult the Google Analytics overview provided by Google at http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
1.2.10.     We may also use cookies, pixels, beacons, or other web tracking technologies to track the amount of time spent on our Sites or social media and whether or not certain content, such as a video was viewed. We may work with a trusted third party to collect and process this information for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
1.2.11.     Interest-Based Advertising:
1.2.12.     We may also participate in interest-based advertising using similar technology. This means that you may see advertising on our Sites tailored to how you browse or shop, or you may see advertising for Cedar Fair and its properties on other websites based on your browsing behavior across websites. Some websites where we may advertise belong to ad networks that use your web browsing history to choose which ads to display on their network websites; these ads include advertising for Cedar Fair and its Sites, but no Personal Information about you is shared with those third party ad networks. Other websites where you see our ads, such as Facebook, may use interest preferences that you have chosen on those sites, as well as registration and other information about you, to choose which ads to display to you. Some internet browsers, websites such as Facebook and mobile devices offer opt-outs for interest-based advertising. Please refer to the website that you are visiting, your browser and/or your device settings for additional information
1.2.13.     You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads from third parties who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI website (http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and DAA website ( http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ).
2     Sharing of Personal Information with Third Parties
2.1.     Cedar Fair may transfer Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of providing the Services.  We may disclose Personal Information to our appropriate affiliates, including third party service providers, to provide you with the Services.  For example, we may transfer your Personal Information to third party service providers to (i) process your payment for merchandise and (ii) communicate with our hotels regarding your reservation. These third party service providers are not authorized to retain, share, store or use the Personal Information for any purposes other than to provide the services they have been hired to provide.  Cedar Fair does not sell, trade or otherwise share Personal Information with third parties for the marketing purposes of the third party.
2.2.     Cedar Fair may also elect to transfer your Personal Information to third parties under special circumstances to: (i) to comply with a legal requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Cedar Fair, (ii) to investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of Cedar Fair; (iv) when we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Cedar Fair or other persons, or (v) as otherwise required or permitted by law, including any contractual obligations of Cedar Fair.
3     Corrections/Information Removal/Opt-Out
3.1.     You can request that any Personal Information stored by Cedar Fair be deleted at any time by contacting us at countmeout@cedarfair.com .  We may require you to provide certain information to verify that it is you making the request. 
3.2.     We provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes when we ask for this information. For example, if you do not wish to receive marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference in the website’s options area.  If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication.
Cedar Fair’s mobile applications can also provide you with push notifications of upcoming events, such as sales, promotions or notice of your upcoming reservation.  You can opt out of receiving push notifications at any time by using the settings on your mobile device. 
4     Children and Privacy
4.1.     We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children in connection with the features of our Sites or Services without the consent of a parent or guardian. If we become aware that an individual under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information through our Sites or Services, we will immediately remove the individual’s personally identifiable information from our files.  
4.2.     If you are using our Site or Services on behalf of a child under the age of 13, including purchasing a Season Pass for a child under the age of 13, you must either be that child’s parent or guardian, or have the permission of that child’s parent or guardian, to supply the required information.
5     Visitors That Reside Outside The United States and Canada
5.1.     Cedar Fair provides its Sites and Services for the purpose of creating an enjoyable experience for its customers within the United States and Canada.  The laws governing the collection and use of information within the United States and Canada may be different from the laws of your country.  If you decide to use our Site or Services, or share your Personal Information with Cedar Fair, you are agreeing to be governed by the laws of the United States and Canada as appropriate, and you are expressly consenting to the transfer of your data to the United States.
6     How Does Cedar Fair Protect My Information
6.1.     Cedar Fair takes the security of your Personal Information very seriously.  Cedar Fair uses reasonable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to secure the Personal Information you share with us. Despite these safeguards and our additional efforts to secure your information, Cedar Fair cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third-parties will not be able to defeat our security, and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your Personal Information. 
6.2.     The security of your use of a Cedar Fair mobile application relies on your protection of your mobile device.  You may not share your instance of the mobile application with anyone.  If you believe that an unauthorized access to your instance of the mobile application has occurred please report it immediately at mobileapp@cedarfair.com.  You must promptly notify us if you become aware that any information provided by or submitted to the mobile application is lost, stolen, or used without permission.
6.3.     The security of the User Profile you create on any Cedar Fair website relies on your protection of your User Profile Information.  You are responsible for maintaining the security of your User Profile Information, including your password and for any and all activities that occur under your account. You may not share your password with anyone.  We will never ask you to send your password or other sensitive information to us in an email, though we may ask you to enter this type of information on a Cedar Fair website, or mobile application interface.
6.4.     Any email or other communication purporting to be from one of our websites requesting your password or asking you to provide sensitive account information via email, should be treated as unauthorized and suspicious and should be reported to us immediately by emailing spamcontrol@cedarfair.com.  If you believe someone else has obtained access to your password, please change it immediately by logging in to your account and selecting “Change Password” to change your password and report it immediately by emailing spamcontrol@cedarfair.com.
7     Will Cedar Fair Change This Privacy Policy?
7.1.     Each time you use a Cedar Fair website or mobile application, the current version of the Policy will apply. When you use any Cedar Fair website, you should check the date of this Policy (which appears at the top of the Policy) and review any changes since the last version. Our business changes frequently and this Policy is subject to change from time to time. Unless stated otherwise, our current Policy applies to all information that we have about you. We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of your privacy without the consent of affected customers.
8     How Do I contact Cedar Fair?
8.1.     To contact us with your questions or comments regarding this Policy or the information collection and dissemination practices of this website, please email us at Marketing@cedarfair.com .
9     Governing Law
9.1.     This Policy is governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, U.S.A. without giving effect to any principles of conflict of law.
10     Notice to California Residents
10.1.     If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by the Company to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. With respect to these entities, this Policy applies only to their activities within the State of California. To make such a request, please send an email to spamcontrol@cedarfair.com or write us:
Cedar Fair L.P. 
Charlotte, NC 28217
11     Canadian Users/Visitors
Canadian citizens, except under circumstances defined by law, are entitled to access their own personal information collected by Cedar Fair by writing to: 
Cedar Fair L.P. 
Charlotte, NC 28217
Attn: Marketing
We may ask you to pay an administrative fee for accessing or copying your personal information, but will inform you of the anticipated charges and confirm that you want us to proceed before processing your request.  If you believe that the personal information about you that we have collected is incomplete or inaccurate, we will correct the information upon verification of the omission or error and of the identity of the person requesting the change.  If you wish to request additional information about our information management, or would like us to access, correct or have us investigate any matters in relation to your personal information, please contact us.
12     Intellectual Property Notice
All trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary materials herein are the property of Cedar Fair, L.P. and their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Stay Connected
Email Address
I am at least 13 years of age
Please enter a valid email address and confirm that you are at least 13 years of age
Follow Us
