Privacy Policy
1. Preamble
This Privacy Policy illustrates what personal information the user may share with Ciamedia Gmbh, commercial register of Austria No 401098a, business address: Matznergasse 17, 1140 Vienna, Austria, (“Company) when installing, running and using Ciamedia’s applications and Caller ID technology (collectively “Services”). It also describes how Company receives, collects and uses this data. In reference to all data received from the user, Company will diligently respect the user´s fundamental legal right to data protection and privacy.
2. Reception and Collection of Information
It is necessary to collect some technical information (e.g. IP-address, device ID number etc.) from the user’s device so that the Services can be provided to the user. This collected information is required for CIAmedia to verify that the device of the user is accurately registered. CIAmedia reserves the right to use this collected data for statistics and user support without restrictions regarding applicability in time.
CIAmedia accesses and processes phone numbers of in, and outgoing calls, duration of calls, consumer’s location, device information, contacts lists and the user’s interactions with Advertising. CIAmedia uses the advertising identifier for purposes of advertising and user analytics. CIAmedia commits itself to the terms of the Google Play Developer Program Policies ( https://play.google.com/about/developer-content-policy.html ). The advertising identifier will only be connected to personally-identifiable information or associated with any persistent device identifier (for example: SSAID, MAC address, IMEI, etc.,) when the user expressly gives consent.
CIAmedia uses cookies, third party cookies and device identifiers to personalise content and advertising, to ensure that we give you the best user experience, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share such identifiers and other information from your device with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. When you click on ads delivered via our products and services, you will typically be directed to a third party’s web page or app and we may pass certain of your information to the third parties operating or hosting these pages or apps including device ID, IP address and a list of the apps on your device.
Whenever a user establishes a profile, mandatory information includes the user’s whole name (first and last name) and their mobile telephone number. Additional information may be provided by the user. The user may provide CIAmedia with information concerning their use of third party services (e.g. Google, Facebook etc). This is required for CIAmedia’s Services to interact with the above mentioned third party services. CIAmedia will use information concerning third party services only for the purpose of interaction between its own Services and the service of third parties.
The user is responsible for any content and information uploaded to and displayed in their user account and user profile. Information provided in the user profile will be received and stored by CIAmedia until this information is changed or deleted by the user.
CIAmedia will store any telephone number and User ID of a user, if the telephone number of this user has been reported as spam in order to maintain the user’s spam list online.
3. User and Contact Information
CIAmedia will use information associated with the user or contact information to display the names related to a certain telephone number. Furthermore this information may be used to provide a newsletter service and for marketing purposes as well as to send e-mails for advertising purposes if the user has agreed according to the applicable legal requirements.
CIAmedia may disclose information associated with the user as well as contact information if required by law, in order to protect or defend the rights of CIAmedia. CIAmedia is also authorized to provide this information to agents, who require it for contractual service and who have signed a respective confidentiality agreement with CIAmedia. The user fully agrees to these proceedings.
4. Change of Privacy Policy
CIAmedia is permitted to change this Privacy Policy at any time. The user is therefore advised to review the Privacy Policy of CIAmedia in regular terms. In case of major changes the user will be informed about these changes by CIAmedia.
5. Miscellaneous
In compliance with the applicable legal regulations, CIAmedia will undertake any reasonable measures to ensure data security. Although CIAmedia is not able to assure that user´s information, contact information and other content will not be subject to unauthorized access, unauthorized use or abuse.
In this context, CIAmedia will observe the following in consideration of the state of appropriate technical possibilities:
CIAmedia will ensure that only authorized persons receive access to the data for legally permissible purposes. These persons are contractually obliged to comply with the principles of security and confidentiality
CIAmedia will protect stored or transmitted data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss or unintended changes and unauthorized or unlawful storage or processing, unauthorized access or unauthorized or unlawful transmission
CIAmedia will comply with all applicable data protection provisions, especially stipulated in section 12 of the Telecommunication Act 2003 [§§ 92 ff Telekommunikationsgesetz (“TKG”) 2003]
The CIAmedia Services are not intended for or designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. To the best knowledge of CIAmedia, the company is not collecting information of minors (under the age of 18).
This Privacy Policy shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Austrian law without regard to its conflict of law provisions. In the event that any of the provisions of this Privacy Policy should become ineffective, invalid or unenforceable, this shall not affect the effectiveness, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions. In the event of the ineffectiveness, invalidity or unenforceability of any of these provisions the Parties have agreed to substitute such by an effective, valid and enforceable provision which is, in its economic result, as close as possible to the ineffective, invalid or unenforceable provision.
6. Opt-out from data collection
Users can opt-out of all information collection by disabling the Caller ID function in the settings.
Last update: October 2015
