What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used, and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
Cookies
We use “cookies” on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via double opt-in e-newsletter sign-up forms ( FAS Roundup and Secrecy News ), our donation form ( fas.org/donate-online ), or direct contact from you.
We will not sell or rent this information to anyone. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization. We will use your information to send the corresponding e-newsletter to you, send a tax-deductible receipt for your donation to you, or respond to you regarding the reason you contacted us directly.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contact from us at any time, including future e-newsletter deliveries or direct mail donation appeals. You can do so by contacting us at [email protected] or 202-546-3300. For e-newsletters, click “unsubscribe” at the bottom of the last e-newsletter delivered to you.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card or bank deposit data on fas.org/donate-online ), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (e.g., donation management, general communications, or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Issues
1112 16th Street NW
