Privacy Policy
We, Dailysportx. and our corporate affiliates (dailysportx, “we” or “us“), are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We believe in transparency, and we are committed to being upfront about our privacy practices. This Privacy Policy (“Policy“) explains which information we collect from you, when you (“you” or “your”, the user of our Services) access and use our website, as well as our platforms, widgets, analytics tools, and other technical applications that we may provide either through our Sites or through third-party websites  or other products and services provided by us (which, together, are referred to as the “Services“), will be processed by us, and how we use such information and protect it. The Policy also wishes to make sure that you are aware of the options available to you when you access and use our Services.
 
YOUR CONSENT
By accessing the website, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in the privacy policy, which includes the collection and process of your personal information (as defined below) when you decide to provide us with such information. If you disagree to any of the terms provided henceforth, you cannot access or use the website.
 
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Non-personal Information: Un-identified and non-identifiable information belonging to Users, which may be made available to the Website, or automatically collected by use of the Website. Non-personal Information does not, however, enable us to identify the person from whom the information was collected from, and largely consists of technical and aggregated usage information which is not linked whatsoever to an identifiable individual, for instance the identity and operation system/ browser, smart-phone model, operating system model, duration on the Website, Users ‘click-stream’ activity, keyboard language, etc.
Personal Information: Identifiable information of the individual, specifically information which identifies an individual or may with reasonable efforts or together with accessible additional information, enable an individual’s identification, or may be of private or sensitive nature. Personal Information collected by the Website entails the following kinds of information: IP address, device identifier, personal details provided in connection with use of the Website, such as name, e-mail address, phone number, and address.
 
HOW INFORMATION IS COLLECTED
We collect information through an individual’s (User) usage of the Website. Therefore, we are conscious of your usage of the Website and may collect and record the information related to such usage, as well as using “cookies” and other tracking technologies.
 
To provide and operate our Website and related services.
To display or send Users marketing and advertising material, general and personalized content and advertisement.
To enhance the Website and to provide Users with technical assistance and support.
To send a User updates, notices, notifications, announcements, and additional information that relate to the Website and related services.
To generate cumulative statistical data and other cumulative information and/or other conclusive information that is non-personal, in which we and/or our business partners might use to operate and improve our Website and provide related services.
 
LAWFUL GROUNDS FOR COLLECTING USER INFORMATION
We gather and process a User’s information for the purposes described in the policy, based on at least one of the following legal grounds:  
With your consent: The Website asks for your agreement to process your personal information for specific purposes. Users have the right to withdraw consent at any given time. For instance, we ask for your consent to provide you with personalized content and ads through the use of cookies.
 
STORAGE OF USER INFORMATION
Information related to Users will be maintained, processed and stored by the Website and authorized business partners, affiliates and service providers in the United States, and if necessary, in secured cloud storage, provided by a third party service provider.
While the data protection laws in the above jurisdictions may differ than the laws of your current residence or location, it is vital that you understand that we, our affiliates and our service providers who store or process such Personal Information are completely committed to keeping the information gathered protected and secured, pursuant to this Privacy Policy and industry standards, regardless of any lesser legal requirements that may apply in the User’s jurisdiction.
 
THE SHARING OF USER INFORMATION
We may share a User’s Personal Information with third parties (or allow them access to it) only in the outlined manners and instances:
To satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request, whenever we believe in good faith that it is legally bound to share such information.
To enforce this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use including investigation of potential violations thereof.
To detect, prevent, or address fraud, security or technical issues.
To respond to a User’s support request.
To respond to claims that a User’s contact information or any other private or proprietary information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party has been used, posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment.
To protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our Users or the general public.
When we undergo any change in control, which includes a merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of our assets.
To collect, hold and/or manage Users’ Personal Information through authorized third party service providers, as intended hereunder, who may be located outside the State of Israel (for example, Google Analytics). Such third party service providers may receive or have access to Users’ Personal Information, depending on each of their particular roles and purposes in facilitating and enhancing our Website and related services, namely to allow cloud hosting services, serving of personalized content and advertisement, analytics of functionality and usability of our Website, and we may only use it for such purposes.
Pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure.
 
THE USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES
We use specific monitoring and tracking technologies, which includes the ones which are offered by third party service providers. These technologies are used to maintain, provide and improve the Website on an ongoing basis, and to provide a better User experience. Take note that these technologies enable us to: (i) keep track of our Users’ preferences and authenticated sessions, (ii) secure our Website by detecting abnormal behaviors, (iii) identify technical issues and improve the overall performance of our website, (iv) create and monitor analytics, and (v) deliver a User targeted and tailored advertisements based on your browsing activities and inferred interests and to track ad performance (For more information regarding this, click here: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).
Please see our Cookie Policy at: http://www.dailysportx.com/cookie-policy
Learn more about your choices and how to opt-out of tracking technologies:
 
MINORS
 
INFORMATION SECURITY
 
DATA RETENTION
We retain Personal Information collected for as long as needed to provide Users with our services and to comply with any applicable laws and regulations. We then either delete from our systems or anonymize it without further notice to you.
 
UPDATING, OBTAINING A COPY OF, OR DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION
If the law applicable to you grants you such rights, you may ask to access, correct, or delete your Personal Information which is stored in our systems. You may ask for confirmation as to whether or not we process or have processed your Personal Information.
Subject to the limitations in law, you may request that we update, correct, or delete inaccurate or outdated information. You may request that we suspend the use of Personal Information whose accuracy you contest while we verify the status of that data.
Subject the limitations in law, you may be entitled to obtain the Personal Information you directly provided us (excluding data we obtained from other sources) in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and may have the right to transmit such data to another party.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights laid out, contact us at: dailysportxmedia@gmail.com. When handling these requests we may ask for additional information to confirm your identity and your request. Please note, upon request to delete your Personal Information, we may retain such data in whole or in part to comply with any applicable rule or regulation and/or response or defend against legal proceedings versus us or our affiliates.
 
UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
 
GENERAL INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy, its interpretation, and any claims and disputes related hereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Israel, without respect to its criminal law principles. Any and all such claims and disputes shall be brought in, and you hereby consent to them being litigated in and decided exclusively by a court of competent jurisdiction located in Tel Aviv, Israel.
If you have any questions or comments concerning the Privacy Policy laid out, please feel free to email us at: dailysportxmedia@gmail.com and we will reply within a reasonable timeframe.
More From Dailysportx
August 30, 2018
The 2018 FIFA World Cup is one of the most-watched sports competition on the planet! Germany, France, South Korea, Brazil, and Argentina are among ...
September 9, 2018
Looking to get back in shape for the summer? No problem! There are a ton of great apps to help you achieve your goals. Here are 3 we highly ...
September 13, 2018
Did your parents ever reprimand you for jumping on the bed? Yeah, mine did too. What about smacking up your friends and siblings with a boxing-style ...
Find Us On Facebook
Everything Sports and More
Fans tune in day in, day out to watch their favorite teams battle it out for nothing more than bragging rights of how “they’re the best.” But regardless of whom you support or what sport you’re constantly talking about, it’s about the love of the game. It’s about passion, attitude, and devotion. That’s exactly what our team strives to provide you with – the best, passionate article about everything sports and more.
Follow Us
Okay, thanks
