Welcome to Rappler, please select your default country:   Philippines    Indonesia
Login with Facebook
Login with Twitter
Login with Google
Already have a Rappler Account? Login or Register to create one.
Welcome to Rappler, a social news network where stories inspire community engagement and digitally fuelled actions for social change. Rappler comes from the root words "rap" (to discuss) + "ripple" (to make waves).
Published 8:16 PM, August 01, 2012
Updated 5:04 PM, August 16, 2013
Welcome to Rappler, your social news network. Here you can get your daily dose of news and stories. You also get to join a community where conversations on issues that matter are encouraged. We hope these conversations would bring about actions for social change.
The Rappler community is both online and on the ground. Through Move.PH, our community engagement and citizen journalism arm, we make it a point to link up not just with our network online but also with advocacy groups, universities and organizations on the ground.
Bearing this in mind, when you sign up with Rappler, you may be asked to supply us with information we can use to contact you. Rest assured that we have deep respect for your privacy and that any personal information we may request of you will only be shared with your consent.
Here are some important things to note about our privacy policy:
You do not need to give us any personal information to read news items, but you may be asked to log on to our community system either via your Rappler user account or using your preferred social network account if you wish to comment on a certain story or take part in a survey.
To encourage intelligent conversation over relevant issues, we encourage our readers to identify themselves when they post comments.
If you share our content on social networking sites such as Facebook or Twitter, or use your accounts on these networks to logon to our system, we may ask you to access certain information from your social media profile, but this will always be done in compliance with the privacy policies of these sites and services.
Sharing information concerning yourself via your Rappler profile helps us better serve your needs and provide you the content you desire. Rest assured that you will always be the one to decide which and how much information is published about you, as you set your own privacy settings.
We use tracking methods to prevent site abuse, ensure optimum site performance, as well as to track inputs via the Moodmeter and other user-engagement mechanisms. This may involve depositing “cookies” on your computer. The site automatically aggregates data inputted through these mechanisms and renders them visually, using the Mood Navigator and other data visualization tools.
From time to time, we may share aggregated data concerning traffic and user engagement metrics to third parties, such as advertisers and analysts. Rest assured, however, that such data will only reflect demographics and not personally identifiable information. We will not share your personal information without your consent.
Although we will do our best to protect and safeguard your privacy, you should be aware that transmission of data over the Internet, particularly via public computers, is never 100% secure. You are responsible for keeping your personal password and user credentials.
For any questions or concerns about Rappler's privacy statement, you may contact us at info@rappler.com
Leave a comment
Happy
Sad
Angry
Check them out!
Ok
Thank You.
Click close to continue.
Fields with * are required.
Birthday:
Gender:
First Name:
Last Name:
