DUTY OF GENERAL INFORMATION
The ownership of the domain www.tam.com.br is the property of TAM Linhas Aereas S.A., hereinafter (TAM), with company headquarters at: Avenida Jurandir, 856 – Lote 04, Jardim Ceci, São Paulo/SP, CEP 04072-000, registered in the CNPJ/MF (companies register) at no. 02.012.862/0001-60, and subject to current and applicable legal provisions.
TAM has created this website in order to provide users, clients, passengers and potential visitors with access to information relating to the products and services they provide, and which are listed within the contents of this website www.tam.com.br .
ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION ON THIS WEBSITE IMPLIES ACCEPTANCE OF THE FOLLOWING CONDITIONS OF USE:
1. Exactitude of information:
TAM uses its utmost effort to keep the information published on its website up to date and exact. However, it does not take any responsibility for the consequences of how it is read.
Likewise, TAM does not take any responsibility for damage or injury to the user that may be derived from logging in to this website or the use of the content on the same.
2. Links to third-party pages:
TAM includes links, within its content, to sites that belong to and/or are managed by third parties in order to facilitate access to information available on the internet.
TAM does not take any responsibility derived from the existence of links between the content of this site and content located outside it. These links or mentions are of an exclusively informative nature and, under no circumstances, imply the support, approval, marketing or any relationship between TAM and the people or companies that are the authors and/or managers of this content or owners of the site where it is found.
3. Guarantees and Responsibilities:
TAM does not guarantee that the website will function permanently nor that the software is free of errors, communications faults or other hardware problems; under no circumstances will it respond for the consequences that may be derived from the same by users.
Nonetheless, TAM will try to provide the user with technical assistance, where possible, so any request for information or incident resolution, in relation to the website and its operation, will be dealt with by TAM at the following telephone: 0800 026 0728
4. Cookies policy:
In compliance with Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, we inform you that this website may use cookies (small data files that the server sends to any computer that visits the page).
This website uses two types of cookies:
First-party cookies:
Technical Cookies: These cookies are used to perform certain functions that are considered essential for the correct functioning and visualisation of the website. There are temporary and their sole purpose is to make transmission over an electronic communications network more efficient or, where strictly necessary, to provide a service expressly requested by the user; they disappear at the end of the session. Under no circumstances are these cookies used to collect personal data.
If these cookies are deactivated, you will not be able to receive our content and service correctly.
Third-party cookies:
Google Analytics cookies: Google Analytics uses “cookies” that are small data files placed on the user’s computer to help the website to analyse how users use this website.
The data collected with this type of cookie is used to measure the activity of this website, application or platform, and to elaborate user navigation profiles for this site, application or platform, in order to make improvements regarding data analysis of how users use the service.
Likewise, the data generated by these cookies about the website user (including IP address) will be directly sent to and filed by Google. If you would like more information about Google cookies, please check their usage policy at  http://www.google.es/intl/en-GB/policies/technologies/cookies/
Analytics cookies are not necessary for navigation and use of the website.
Likewise, this website may use advertising cookies, which are those that allow the most efficient management of advertising space that, where applicable, the editor has included on a website, application or platform that provides the requested service, based on criteria such as content edited or the frequency with which the advertisements are shown.
We would like to inform you that if you do NOT consent to the use of these (analytics or advertising) cookies on your computer for these purposes, you can easily reject and delete the cookies from your computer automatically by selecting the appropriate navigation options for your browser.
The cookies policy may be modified by the company in order to adapt it to new legislation on this subject, so we recommend that you review it frequently.
IP addresses: Website servers will be able to automatically detect the IP address and name of the domain used by the user. An IP address is a number assigned automatically to a computer when it connects to the internet. All of this data is saved to a duly recorded server activity file for the data to be subsequently processed in order to obtain solely statistical measurements to discover the number of page views, the number of visits made to web services, the order of visits, the access point, etc.
5. Intellectual and Industrial Property Rights:
This website is governed by international laws and is protected by national and international legislation on intellectual and industrial property.
All of the elements (brands, designs, copy, links, logos, imagery, videos, sound elements, software, databases, codes, etc.) contained on the TAM www.tam.com.br website are protected by national and international law on intellectual property. These elements are the exclusive property of TAM.
Any reproduction, transmission, translation, modification, public notification or any other use of any or all of the content on this website, in any way or by any means, whether electronic, mechanical or other, is strictly prohibited unless previously authorised in writing by TAM. Any infringement of these rights may result in civil or criminal judicial or extrajudicial proceedings as applicable.
TAM does not grant any licence or authorisation for any kind of use of its intellectual and industrial property rights or regarding any other property or right related to this website or the services or content of the same.
6. Policy on use of usernames and passwords:
When the use of a username and password is required to log in to any service contained on www.tam.com.br , the user is bound to keep it confidential and use it diligently.
Each user is fully responsible for the use and safekeeping of his or her log-in details, and is responsible for the veracity of the personal data provided to TAM and for completing forms with false, incorrect or incomplete data, and for keeping his or her data updated at all times.
TAM will be exempt from any responsibility derived from any incorrect use or negligence by a user in respect of compliance with his or her obligations regarding log in.
7. Personal data protection:
In compliance with Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council on 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data, TAM LINHAS AEREAS, S.A. may process your personal data for any of the following purposes:
To manage the online sale and purchase of company flights.
To register you with TAM fidelidades.
To deal with complaints or claims or any other type of suggestion made by our passengers through this website.
Selection processes: The personal data and CV that you provide us with by e-mail or the “Work with us” section will be saved in a file that is the responsibility of the company, in order to manage and perform selection and recruitment processes. When you send your CV through this website, you expressly consent to your personal data being processed for the purposes indicated above. 
To send advertising and sales messages, and general information regarding offers, promotions, contracting products and perform direct marketing actions. Likewise, unless you state otherwise, you consent to your personal data being transferred to Grupo LATAM Airlines SA companies (Lan Colombia SA, LAN Argentina SA, LAN Perú SA, Aerolane Lineas Arèreas del Ecuador SA, TAM Linhas Aerias S.A.) for the same purposes. These sales messages will be in relation to products, services, offers and promotions by LATAM Airlines Group S.A.
Data transfer:
We would like to inform you that, in compliance with the express requirement made to all airline companies for the control and assurance of public safety, TAM Linhas Aereas S.A. will be authorised to send your passenger data to the governmental authorities of internal security control in the country of departure, transit or destination at any time before your arrival, for this purpose. The United States also demands this information for planes flying over their airspace. This information may also be provided to other states that, by virtue of the provisions of applicable treaties and laws, demand it for planes flying over their airspace.
Security measures: TAM respects current legislation on personal data protection (particularly the obligations set out in Directive 95/46/CE of the European Parliament and of the Council on 24 October 1995), user privacy, and the confidentiality and security of personal data, and it adopts the necessary organisational and technical measures to avoid the loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorised access to and theft of the personal data provided, taking into account the state of technology, the nature of the data and the risks that it is exposed to.
Exercising your rights: You many exercise your rights to access, rectification, cancellation or opposition with regard to the personal data held in the aforementioned file, by sending a written request to LATAM Airlines Group S.A. Calle Capitán Haya, 1 7ª Planta, 28020-Madrid or sending an e-mail to pasajeros.europa@lan.com .
Likewise, you may unsubscribe from our services and state that you do not want to receive sales information regarding products, services, offers and promotions from LATAM Airlines Group S.A. by sending the word “unsubscribe” to the following e-mail address: unsubscribeEU@lan.com .
Certified by:
