Due to hurricane activity, all GA, NC, & SC orders must be confirmed by phone to ensure availability and delivery. For more information, click here .
Command Center Mobile App
The power of Sunbelt in the palm of your hand. Rent, Manage, Pay.
Speak To An Expert
Have your questions answered by our experts and get help placing an order.
×
Remove From ToolFlex
AVAILABLE TOOLFLEX SLOT
AVAILABLE TOOLFLEX SLOT
Exchange items within your pack at any time at any Sunbelt Rentals General                                      Tool location. Learn more about ToolFlex.
1(800) 667-9328 24/7 Support
Speak To An Expert
Have your questions answered by our experts and get help placing an order.
Privacy Policy Statement - United States
Welcome to the Sunbelt Rentals, Inc. (“Sunbelt Rentals”) website (“the Site”). At Sunbelt Rentals, we are committed to respecting your privacy and to protecting any information you provide us. Accordingly, our Privacy Policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect and use the personal information you provide us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using Sunbelt Rentals website. Please be sure to read this entire Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions of Use before using or submitting information to the Site.
Collection of Information: In order to enhance consumers’ experiences when visiting the Site, we collect the following types of information as users browse the Site:
 
Anonymous Information. As you navigate through the Site, we may collect and store anonymous information (“Anonymous Information”) about you using various technologies such as cookies, Internet tags and navigational data. Your browser automatically transmits some of this anonymous information to us, such as the URL you just visited, the browser version your computer is operating, the date and time you visited, the pages you visited on the Site and your IP address. “Cookies” are tiny alphanumeric identifiers that are stored on your computer and allow us to adjust the Site to meet your personal browsing preferences. If your browser is set to refuse cookies, you may not have access to all areas or features of the Site.
Use of Your Information:
Anonymous Information. We may aggregate, evaluate and use Anonymous Information to improve the Site and our business, and we may provide it to third parties. We may use cookies, IP addresses or other Anonymous Information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track customer site navigation and gather broad demographic information.
Personal Information. Gathering Personal Information about our customers allows us to serve you better. We will not use your Personal Information in a way that is prohibited by applicable law. Here are some ways in which we might use your Personal Information:
 
 
 
Compliance with Law. We may release Personal Information about you if we believe such a release is necessary to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena or other legal process.
Protection of Your Information: To prevent unauthorized access to, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place commercially reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. However, no security system is perfect, and we cannot guarantee that information you provide to us over the Internet will remain private. We also cannot guarantee that information you transmit to us over the Internet will not be intercepted.
Opting Out of Promotional E-mails: If you decide for any reason that you no longer wish to receive e-mail information from us, you can unsubscribe from the Site’s e-mail distribution list by clicking the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of each promotional e-mail. Your e-mail address will be removed from this Site’s email marketing list within 7 business days. You can also opt out of receiving promotional materials by notifying us by mail, telephone or e-mail at the address and number listed below:
          Sunbelt Rentals
 
 
 
GET HELP 24/7
