How much is your property worth? Try our online valuation tool or contact us to arrange a free market appraisal.
Value my home
Looking to buy an apartment? Browse through our list of development projects currently for sale.
The Privacy Act 1988 requires entities bound by the Australian Privacy Principles to have a privacy policy. This privacy policy outlines the personal information handling practices of First National Group of Independent Real Estate Agents Limited ACN 005 942 192 (“First National”, “us” or “we”). This policy is written in simple language.
The specific legal obligations of First National when collecting and handling your personal information are outlined in the Privacy Act 1988 and in particular in the Australian Privacy Principles found in that Act.
We respect the privacy of your personal information and treat it in accordance with this statement. If you have any concerns or would like to access your personal information that we hold, please contact:
First National Group of Independent Real Estate Agents Ltd
PO Box 546
promoting and marketing the First National network;
promoting and marketing First National Members;
providing information to vendors, purchasers and the public on real estate and related areas;
advertising properties listed with First National Members;
establishing training programs, seminars and conferences for First National Members; and
undertaking activities in support of our functions and activities including humane resources, corporate administration, property management and public relations activities.
When we refer to personal information we mean information from which your identity is reasonably apparent. This information may include information or an opinion about you. The personal information we hold about you may also include credit information. At all times we try to only collect the information we need for the particular function or activity we are carrying out.
Each time you contact us, you may provide us with personal information about yourself or others that we need to use to provide you with our services. The main way we collect personal information about you is when you give it to us, for example when you:
complete forms, applications or surveys;
contact us to ask for information;
participate in forums on our website; or
otherwise specifically provide us with your personal information.
We will only use or disclose your personal information for the primary purpose of our business or purposes related to our business activities. The primary purpose of our business includes, but is not limited to:
marketing real estate goods or services;
marketing First National Members;
marketing the First National Network; and
providing further information about our services.
You may provide personal information to us to receive information about products or services offered through this website, to purchase such products and services, to receive newsletters or become involved in promotions or other initiatives commenced by us. This personal information may include details such as your name, age, gender, contact information, products and services you are interested in or require more information about. If you purchase or request products and services from us we may also request your preferences for receiving further marketing or promotional material.
We require some of this information to provide services to you, as indicated by mandatory fields on some forms. For non-mandatory fields, the choice of how much information you provide to us is yours. We seek this information to process your request for information and provide that information to you, to improve the quality of our products and services and to assist you to determine which products and services best meet your needs.
the name of the domain from which you accessed the internet;
the date and time you accessed the website;
the internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the website; and
the pages you accessed while visiting the website
This information does not in itself identify individuals and is used to measure the number of visitors to the website and how it was navigated. This information assists us to make the website more useful to you.
We also collect information from subscribers (persons registering their details with us through the website) or website visitors for the purpose of improving our quality and effectiveness and to provide you with information. We welcome feedback from you about all aspects of this website. We store feedback that users send to us. This feedback is used to administer and refine our service. We may also use the information to improve or promote this site. We will not publish your name in connection with any information you provide without your permission.
If you do not provide us with your personal information, some enhanced services, like the right to access our property guides, will be unavailable to you. If you do provide us with your personal information, we will protect it in accordance with the Australian Privacy Principles.
TICA;
We may use your personal information to deliver services you have requested (for example, responding to an inquiry for information concerning a property).
We may also use your personal information to send you periodic mailings containing information on new services and upcoming events that may interest you. If at any stage you decide that you do not wish to receive such material, please let us know by following the Opt-Out procedure below and we will ensure that your name is removed from our contact list.
From time to time we may use your personal information to provide you with current information about real estate, offers you may find of interest, changes to our organisation, or new products or services being offered by us or any company with whom we are associated.
If you do not wish to receive marketing information, you may at any time decline to receive such information by telephoning us on 1800 032 332 or by emailing using the below enquiry form
If the direct marketing is by email you may also use the unsubscribe function. We will not charge you for giving effect to your request and will take all reasonable steps to meet your request at the earliest possible opportunity.
In order to deliver our services to you, we disclose your personal information to the relevant independently owned and operated First National member or business partner who is best positioned to assist with your particular request. In doing so, we authorise these members to use your personal information in the ways described above. These members will handle your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Statements accessible through their websites.
Other than as stated in this Statement, we do not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your personal information to non-member companies or organisations without your prior consent.
New Zealand;
 
Information that you post in any social media public forum used by First National Real Estate or its members (such as but not limited to Facebook, Twitter or Instagram) may be exposed to overseas recipients.
Prior to disclosing any of your personal information to another person or organisation, we will take all reasonable steps to satisfy ourselves that:
the person or organisation has a commitment to protecting your personal information at least            equal to our commitment, or
you have consented to us making the disclosure.
We may use cloud storage to store the personal information we hold about you.  The cloud storage and the IT servers may be located outside Australia.
We may disclose your personal information to overseas entities that provide support functions to us.  You may obtain more information about these entities by contacting us.
In each direct marketing or promotional communication with you, we will advise you how to notify us if you do not wish to receive any further communications from us. If our correspondence is in the form of an e-mail, we will attach simple instructions on how you can unsubscribe from our mailing list. In any event you can opt-out from receiving marketing or promotional material from us by emailing us at remove@firstnational.com.au or by contacting us by mail or telephone and asking to be removed from our mailing list.
You should note that by opting out of our mailing list, you will not automatically be removed from the mailing lists of our members or business partners to whom we have forwarded your personal information because we do not have control over those mailing lists.
If you no longer wish to receive material from the relevant First National member or business partner to whom we have forwarded your personal information, please follow their own Opt-Out procedure as described on their website or in their marketing material.
You can find out what personal information we have about you, and amend or update your personal information, by emailing using the below enquiry form or by telephoning us (contact details are provided at the beginning of this Statement).
We may charge a fee for our actual costs of retrieving and supplying the information to you, including staff costs in locating and retrieving the personal information, staff costs in reproducing and send the personal information, costs of postage etc.
Depending on the type of request that you make we may respond to your request immediately, otherwise we usually respond to you within seven days of receiving your request.  We may need to contact other entities to properly investigate your request. 
There may be situations where we are not required to provide you with access to your personal information, for example, if the information relates to existing or anticipated legal proceedings, or if your request is vexatious.
An explanation will be provided to you if we deny you access to the personal information we hold about you.
If any of the personal information we hold about you is incorrect, inaccurate or out of date you may request that we correct the information.  If appropriate we will correct the personal information. At the time of the request, otherwise, we will provide an initial response to you within seven days of receiving your request.  Where reasonable, and after our investigation, we will provide you with details about whether we have corrected the personal information within 30 days.
We may need to consult with other entities as part of our investigation. 
Should you wish to make a complaint about management of your information, please email or phone 1800 032 332. First National Real Estate will make a record of your complaint, verify the information received, and take steps to correct any deviation from Australian Privacy Principles.
Should your complaint relate specifically to the management of your personal information by an independent member of the First National Real Estate network (i.e. Not First National Real Estate’s corporate administration), the network will refer your complaint directly to the member for response.
We will acknowledge your complaint within seven days.  We will provide you with a decision on your complaint within 30 days.
If you are dissatisfied with the response of our complaints officer you may make a complaint to the Privacy Commissioner which can be contacted on either www.oaic.gov.au or 1300 363 992.
We use all reasonable efforts to keep your personal information secure, accurate and up-to-date. Your personal information is stored behind firewalls and in the case of First National members, personal information is accessible only by password access.
You can assist us to keep your personal information secure by ensuring that any username or password provided to you is kept confidential.
This privacy policy came into existence 11 March 2014.
Please complete the enquiry form below and we will be in touch shortly
First Name
Last Name
Submit enquiry
Latest News
Find out what is happening in the world of real estate.
