Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. At the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, we want to make your  experience online satisfying and safe.
Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions  surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement  discloses what information we gather and how we use it.
INFORMATION THE PENNSYLVANIA TURNPIKE COMMISSION WEBSITE GATHERS AND TRACKS
The PTC Website gathers two types of information about users:
1. Information  that users provide through optional, voluntary submissions. This kind of  information comes from voluntary submissions such as, to join as a Preferred  Traveler, apply for Over-dimensional Permits, submit an online bidder’s mailing  list application, email communications or other electronic communications to  the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission, submission of online forms, making  payments, requests for traffic reports, submitting employment applications, and  from participation in polls and surveys. This information may contain  Personally Identifiable Information, and the PTC’s use of such information is  described below.
2. Information the PTC Website gathers through aggregated tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. This information allows us to  better tailor our content to users' needs. This information is generally not  associated with individual users, and will therefore not usually contain Personally Identifiable Information. The PTC's use of such information is described below.
The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission Gathers User Information In The Following Processes:
1.  Optional Voluntary Information. Optional  voluntary information may include Personally Identifiable Information, which  means information that identifies a specific individual including but not limited to an individual's name, street address, email address or phone number.  The PTC will protect the personal information submitted through its website to  the greatest extent allowed by applicable law. Under no circumstances shall the  PTC sell any information gathered through its website for marketing purposes or  other purposes. This information may be used by the PTC and its consultants for  public outreach and informational purposes, unless an individual specifically  requests that we do not.
The PTC offers the following services, which require some type of voluntary submission of personal information by users:
a. Preferred Traveler. The Pennsylvania Turnpike  offers a free traveler-notification program to any interested traveler. The PTC  gathers the names and email addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe.  Subscribers may optionally provide mailing addresses and/or telephone numbers.  Users may remove themselves from this program by following the instructions on  the Preferred Traveler account management page.
b. Email and Online Forms. Users may email, or  submit online request forms to the PTC through our website with questions about  their E-ZPass accounts, construction activity, and any other questions they may  have about the PTC’s operations. Email and form requests may be shared with  appropriate personnel within the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission and other  entities in order to respond to the request and may be maintained in order to  keep track of user feedback. Form data  may be stored to provide on-going service to the user.
c. Over-Dimensional Permits. Due to safety  considerations, the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission requires  special permits for over dimensional vehicles. There are also restrictions as  to the time of day the vehicles may travel as well as holiday restrictions. The  issuance of Over-Dimensional permits is automated through the PA Turnpike’s  website, and requires the input of the organization’s contact information, as  well as the load specifications.
In accordance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent.
2. Aggregated Usage Information. The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission tracks user traffic patterns throughout all of our sites. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users.  We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. Reports based on this information are for internal use only. We will not disclose any information about any individual user except to comply with applicable law or valid legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public. We may collect some or all of the information listed below about users who view or download information from our website:
a. Date, time, and duration of visit
b. Referring page
d. Page(s) visited
e. Operating System
f. Browser type
i. Bytes sent and received
3. Cookies. The PTC’s web site may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain Personally Identifiable Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. But the only Personally Identifiable Information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. The PTC uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above).
You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you've set your browser to warn  you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site.
SECURITY
The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission operates  secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password  protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed  and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the  information provided by our users.
OPT-OUT POLICY
The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission gives users  options to remove themselves wherever necessary and practical. Opting out of participation in certain interactive areas completely alleviate the need to gather  any Personally Identifiable Information from our users.
YOUR CONSENT
By using this site, you consent to the  collection and use of this information by the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission.  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this  page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
DISCLAIMER
The Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission makes every  effort to ensure that published information is accurate and current. However,  neither the Pennsylvania Turnpike Commission nor any of its officers or  employees warrant the accuracy, reliability, or timeliness of any information  published on its website, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by  reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information.  Portions of the information on this website may be incorrect or no longer current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this  system does so at their own risk.
CONTACT INFORMATION
To contact us with comments or questions about  our privacy policy please submit a request through http://www.paturnpike.com/contact.aspx .  Telephone and US Mail contact information is also provided here.
