This policy is applicable to firstquarterfinance.com and its associated pages. We reserve the right to change and update this policy at any time. It is your responsibility to be aware of any changes. You may also like to review our Terms of Use .
Note that links contained on First Quarter Finance pages may bring you to third party websites. These sites are not maintained by First Quarter Finance and so we retain no liability for the content and policies on those websites. When following a link to a third party, you may want to review their Privacy Policy and Terms of Use before using that website.
Question: Does First Quarter Finance collect information about me?
Answer: Yes, First Quarter Finance collects some visitor data via cookies. The information we collect helps us understand the interests of users and improve our website to optimize your experience.
Cookies are largely used to help us display high quality ads that are relevant to you: your favorite brand of running shoes, a charity you may like to support, etc. Cookies do not store any personal information. Nor can they introduce a virus to your computer. This is unlike spyware, which sends information about your browsing history across the internet to a third party. First Quarter Finance does not use spyware.
First Quarter Finance does not sell, give, or trade the statistics we store to any third parties for the purposes of data-mining, marketing or any other reason.
We never use those annoying popups including push notifications.
Most browsers allow you to accept and/or delete cookies. Please note that blocking cookies may have a negative impact on the functions of a website. Some features may cease to be available.
Question: How do I block cookies?
Answer: Depending on the browser you use, you can set your preferences to block/refuse cookies and/or notify you before they are used. Here’s how to block cookies on each of the most popular browsers:
Question: What does First Quarter Finance do with the information I volunteer?
Answer: When you interact with us via a contact page, you must provide your name and email address. Names and email addresses are not publicly displayed (though when we used to take comments the name field was public and you were made aware) and only the CEO of First Quarter Finance (William E. Lipovsky) can view them. First Quarter Finance does not sell, give, or trade the statistics we store to any third parties for the purposes of data-mining, marketing, or any other reason.
If you’re a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA) you have the additional rights to:
Access your personal data
Have us delete your personal data
Require us to stop gathering your personal data
Bring issues up with a supervisory authority if any data is being improperly used
Question: How often does this Privacy Policy get updated?
Answer: We update this policy every few months — as we have new questions posed by readers and want to let you know as well. By using our site, you consent to our current policy.
Question: How can I contact First Quarter Finance with questions/comments/concerns about my privacy?
Answer: We take privacy very seriously. Please contact us at  humanresources@firstquarterfinance.com  or:
More Holdings LLC
7400 Tallgrass Parkway
