QualityHD / Shutterstock.com
Walmart accepts checks, but limits and fees do apply. If you want to know about Walmart’s personal check policy, but you don’t want to spend your time digging through Walmart’s website or making phone calls just for one simple answer, this article was written with you in mind.
In This Article
What Is Telecheck and How Does It Work?
Can You Get Cashback when Paying with a Personal Check?
How Long Does It Take for Funds to be Withdrawn from Your Bank Account?
What If Your Check Is Returned for Non-sufficient Funds?
How Many Checks Can You Write at Walmart Per Day?
Paying for Purchases with a Personal Check
All Walmarts accept personal checks as payment for your purchase at the traditional register. You cannot use a personal check at the self check out because those machines don’t have the capability to scan checks (or check your ID). Note: This information was confirmed with customer service as it is not posted online.
Requirements
Note that it makes no difference whether you’re paying with an in-state or out-of-state check. If you’ve traveled to a different state and need to use a check to shop at Walmart, the requirements will be exactly the same as if you were in your state of residence.
1. A government-issued, photo ID
Walmart accepts state issued driver’s licenses, state ID cards, military IDs, U.S. passports, and social security cards with photo ID. At manager discretion, a store may accept a foreign passport. There is no way to cash a check without presenting an ID.
2. Your name must be the name on the check
To prevent check fraud, Walmart can only accept your check if the name on the ID you show matches the name on the check. If your name is on the checking account, but not the check, you won’t be able to use the check. The only exception is business checks — an employee can use a business check at Walmart without having their name listed on the check. An employee ID may be required in addition to a government-issued, photo ID.
3. Your check must pass TeleCheck’s verification scan
Walmart uses TeleCheck (or, at a minority of their stores, Certegy), a third-party check verification company, to assess the riskiness of checks and protect against fraud. If your check doesn’t pass TeleCheck’s scan, you won’t be able to use it.
What Is Telecheck and How Does It Work?
Walmart processes personal checks electronically through a third-party check verification company. The majority of Walmart stores use TeleCheck for this service, but a few do use Certegy . These two companies are the largest providers of check verification services for retail stores and if you often pay with checks, you’ve probably had yours scanned before.
When you pay with a personal check at Walmart, you must let the cashier run your check through the Telecheck or Certegy scanning machine. Walmart posts a statement at the checkout lane stating that by choosing to pay by check, you consent to having your check processed in this way.
TeleCheck or Certegy runs the information from the check, such as the routing number, bank account number, and amount of the transaction, and your identifying information, such as your driver’s license number, against the data stored in its system to assess the check’s riskiness. This assesses the chances your check will be returned for insufficient funds as well as the chances of check fraud.
Generally, this helps Walmart avoid accepting bad checks and reduces check fraud, but sometimes perfectly good checks are declined, too. According to TeleCheck, even something seemingly innocent such as a bank account number not seen by TeleCheck before could be a risk factor that could possibly lead to the check being declined.
When the system accepts your check, it’ll print a receipt, which you’ll sign. This authorizes the company to transfer funds from your checking account electronically. The cashier will give you a copy of the receipt and your original check. If the system declines a personal check, you’ll still get a receipt and your check back — but, the funds won’t transfer and you’ll have to pay for your purchase another way. Look on the receipt for TeleCheck’s or Certegy’s phone number — you can call them and find out why your check was declined. If you were declined by TeleCheck, you’ll have to contact them to resolve the situation. You can also read their declined check FAQs for more information. If you were declined by Certegy, you can call or use the online declined check lookup to find out why.
Can You Get Cashback when Paying with a Personal Check?
You can get $20 cashback when paying by personal check. Before writing your check, ask the cashier if cashback is available, just to confirm that there is in fact enough cash on hand in that specific register. You’ll then make your check out for $20 more than the purchase price. After your check is scanned and accepted, the cashier will give you back your receipt, the original check, and $20.
If you need more cash back, you can pay with a debit card. On debit transactions, you can get up to $100 cash back. Find out more about Walmart’s cashback in our article, Cash Back Limit at Walmart Using Credit Card, Debit Card, Check .
How Long Does It Take for Funds to be Withdrawn from Your Bank Account?
When a personal check is processed electronically, funds usually transfer within one to two business days . And, according to Walmart’s posted policy, it’s possible that the money will be deducted as quickly as the same day. That means you can’t post date the check you pay with, as funds could be withdrawn as early as the same day.
What If Your Check Is Returned for Non-sufficient Funds?
According to the check writing policy Walmart posts in store, if there is not enough money in the customer’s bank account at the time the check is presented for payment, the customer will be charged a $35 returned check fee. Both the returned check fee and the original payment amount will then be deducted from the account by EFT or bank draft. You agree to this policy when you sign the receipt at check out.
How Many Checks Can You Write Per Day?
According to Walmart and TeleCheck, there is no maximum number of checks that can be written at Walmart per day. But, a limit could be imposed by your financial institution. Your bank or credit union could put a freeze on your ability to write checks because writing multiple checks is suspicious and triggers their fraud protection services, or because you have a set daily limit attached to your account. If you plan on writing more than five checks at Walmart per day, it’s best to check with your bank or credit union ahead of time to make sure your account won’t be frozen.
In Summary
Walmart accepts personal checks for purchases. To pay with a check, you need a government-issued, photo ID. While Walmart doesn’t cash any personal checks, if you do need cash, you can get up to $20 cashback on your purchase when you pay with a check. Walmart cashes several other types of checks, including payroll checks, government checks, tax refund checks, and more, but only if they are printed.
Many major retailers also accept personal checks. You’ll always need to show a government-issued, photo ID to pay with a check, no matter which store you go to. To find out what other retail grocery stores take personal checks as payment, including their limits and requirements, see our article, What Stores Accept Personal Checks?
Let Your Friends Know
Most Popular Articles
Store: Wal☆mart
If I used a check to pay for something can I with the recipe return my stuff and get cash back
CEO William Lipovsky on 07/09/2016 at 7:09 am
Hi Holly,
It depends. Returns must be issued using the payment method the original transaction used. So if you paid with cash, you can get cash back. But if you paid with a debit card, for instance, your refund will go back to your debit card. If you don’t want to use the same payment method or don’t have the debit card, credit card, whatever with you, then you can get the refund on a Walmart gift card. You cannot get a significant amount of cash back using a gift card. So you can only get cash back at Walmart on your return if you used cash for the first transaction. Please let me know if you have any other questions.
Kenneth Reed on 02/07/2017 at 9:11 pm
Hello i cashied a payroll check at walmart over 10 years ago and the company closed and stopped payment on our checks.  The check was returned to walmart i didnt know anything about it and i went to return something at walmart and they denied me without a receipt due to that check.  I didnt rven kbow thr check returned walmart never notified me.  So my question is how long so they hold that against me.  The clerk i called and talked to didnt know and said walmart couldnt take a warrant on me for bad check but would hold it against me for an amount of time and didnt kbow how long.  They alsi couldnt find the check when i went to customer service and telecheck said they only keep info for 5 years so what do i do or how do i get this off my license number
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 02/08/2017 at 9:06 pm
Hi Kenneth,
From what I can find in reports from customers who have been in a similar situation, it seems that TeleCheck can keep a returned check on record for seven years. It is possible that there are additional fees or interest charges that have accrued on the outstanding balance that could be preventing your TeleCheck history from being cleared. To find out more about how to get the returned check off of your TeleCheck record, you’ll need to contact TeleCheck customer support directly (this is the only way to clear your history). You can reach the Returned Check Collection line at 1-800-366-1048 (you can also see the other available customer contact phone numbers on the First Data TeleCheck website ). Best of luck getting this resolved!
Name* (displayed publicly) on 07/13/2017 at 12:39 am
yes you can pay with a check return it and get cash back
Judy Horner on 07/26/2016 at 7:57 pm
Can my 16 you son use my check if I send a note with him authorizing it?
CEO William Lipovsky on 07/27/2016 at 8:41 am
Hi Judy,
Unfortunately, no. Whoever wrote the check must provide ID at checkout. The only loophole is if you wrote the check but his name is also on the account. Then his ID will work.
Megan on 07/30/2016 at 12:23 pm
I work for a law office as their office assistant and they always send me with checks NOT IN MY NAME to pick up supplies from stores and to pick up orders.
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/01/2016 at 7:31 am
Hi Megan,
Business checks are the exception. I will update the post to bring this to everyone else’s attention. Thank you for your comment.
Renee on 07/26/2016 at 10:49 pm
Can I do a shopping there using a written personal checks of my navyfedeal credit union and get a cash back..pls
CEO William Lipovsky on 07/27/2016 at 8:18 am
Hello and great question. Yes, you can get cash back at Walmart using a handwritten Navy Federal Credit Union check but note that the cash back limit per check at Walmart is $20. So if you need more than $20, you must either make separate transactions and thus write multiple checks or you can pay with a debit or credit card to get far more cash back.
Julie on 07/27/2016 at 6:35 pm
I have written a check to Walmart and it came back it’s been over 6 months how long after that can I write a check to Walmart or am I not allowed to write anymore checks to Walmart they were all paid
CEO William Lipovsky on 07/28/2016 at 8:52 am
Hi Julie,
Walmart will accept checks from you. Because as long as your past checks and any associated fees have been paid, and it has been at least 10 days (probationary period), in the eyes of Walmart, you’ve never written a bad check. Enjoy!
Laura on 08/03/2016 at 9:55 pm
I wrote a bad check to Walmart thinking there had been a payment sent to my bank account. Not until after I made the purchase at Walmart did I find out the payment was in the mail and had not been put in my account. So how many times will they send the check back and forth from the bank and how many times will I be changed just from Walmart in addition to the bank
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/04/2016 at 9:05 am
Hi Laura,
First, Walmart will attempt to debit your checking account. If they are unsuccessful, you will be charged $35 and they will wait 2 days and then run the check again. If it still doesn’t go through, it’s turned over to Telecheck to collect. You will also have the bank account overdraft fee which is typically about $30 . Getting a bank overdraft fee waived is usually pretty simple (read the linked article to learn how). So once from Walmart, once from your bank (ask for forgiveness) and possibly an additional fee from Telecheck. Telecheck can be reached at 888 905 3388.
Telechek 888 905 3388
Margo on 08/05/2016 at 10:28 am
Hi, I wrote a check to Walmart and it was returned but has been put thru and again and paid infull.  how long does it usually clear the store so that I would be able to right a check again.
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/06/2016 at 7:13 am
Hi Margo,
Great question – we’d hate to have you embarrassed at checkout. As long as the former check has been paid in full (and the resulting fee), you can keep writing checks at Walmart without issue. If for any reason you have an issue, call Telecheck (888 905 3388) and get them to remove your name from their no payment database. But again, you shouldn’t have an issue.
Corrine Nowicki on 08/08/2016 at 5:51 pm
Hello, my Grandmother Needs me to pick up a few things for her, I am on her account but not listed on the check ,can she send me with a check to pick up her things?
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/09/2016 at 8:26 am
Hi Corrine,
After getting a definitive answer from Walmart Corporate, no, you cannot use her check – even if your name is on her account. Your name must be listed on the check and you must present ID.
Pam on 09/20/2017 at 8:37 am
Walmart does not ask for id when presenting a check
Editor Kathleen Wilson on 09/21/2017 at 3:06 am
Hi Pam,
While Walmart’s official policy requires that you show your ID when cashing a check, it seems like this rule is not always enforced and that some people have had luck cashing a check without showing ID. Thanks for sharing your experience!
Pam on 09/21/2017 at 8:34 am
This is not when cashing a check. This is when buying items and presenting a check. The only time that id is asked is if the checking account has never been used before at Walmart. Not asking for id from customers leaves both Walmart and the customer open to fraud
Editor Laura Bachmann on 09/21/2017 at 6:27 pm
Hi Pam,
You’re right, and the ID policy is supposed to apply to paying with a check as well as cashing a check. Unfortunately, Walmart seems to be enforcing this policy inconsistently. We’ve had a few people comment here and say that Walmart didn’t ask for an ID.
Curious costomer on 08/10/2016 at 8:10 am
Can you get a alert on your email if you have a check comes back, how long does it take before you get a letter in mail about the check who do you pay & how long have you got to pay it
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/11/2016 at 9:28 am
Hi Curious Customer,
Wise question. Here’s how the payment process works after a check bounces. You write a bad check to Walmart, Walmart gets paid via their check processor (Telecheck) so now you owe Telecheck. Telecheck passes it off to their collection agency (TRS Recovery Services). The collection agency uses the information associated with your checking account to get in touch with you. The forms of communication listed is a physical address and a phone number. You can’t get an email as that information isn’t associated with your checking account. They send a letter to you within a week requesting the funds. They also call you simultaneously requesting the funds. The fees/time frame for all of this vary from state-to-state. Know too that you cannot write a check to any other store that uses Telecheck until this check is satisfied. Unfortunately, Telecheck does not reveal a list of associated companies. If you would like to get in touch with TRS Recovery Services as soon as possible, they can be reached at 1-800-366-1049 (since they are a collection agency – they tend to answer the phone very quickly).
Again, great question. If you have any more questions, do not hesitate to ask another.
Susan on 08/14/2016 at 2:44 am
I have a starter check my name is not on it but I have ID I’m waiting on my new checks to arrive but my bank have me a few start up checks can I use it.
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/14/2016 at 4:13 pm
Hi Susan,
Unfortunately Walmart does not accept starter checks in any way, shape or form. I’m sorry I cannot cite this via an online source as one does not exist but inside each Walmart there’s a sign next to the service desk that displays this information. I wish I could offer better news! If you have any followup questions, don’t hesitate to ask another!
The article has been updated to reflect this information.
Amy on 06/11/2017 at 10:28 pm
I’ve used a starter check no problem! Hmmm
Katie on 08/15/2016 at 5:41 pm
If i have had a returned fee from another store and it was satisfied will telecheck deny my check if i have an overdraft plan with my account?
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/15/2016 at 10:26 pm
Hi Katie,
Absolutely not. First, because your previous check was satisfied. Second, because since you have overdraft protection (as long as the overdraft limit is at least as great as your purchase) your bank will ‘tell’ Telecheck that the funds are available (even if they aren’t coming from your account at the moment) and the check can clear. Telecheck is in the business of clearing checks so the only time a check won’t clear is if the company is concerned it will never get paid. You’re good to go. If you have any other questions, ask away!
Some guy on 08/16/2016 at 10:36 am
Can you pay with a check at the self checkout stand?
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/17/2016 at 7:36 am
No you cannot use a check at a Walmart self-checkout.
The article has been updated to reflect this information.
Kevin K. on 08/18/2016 at 9:40 am
I would like to purchase items in-store for our Boy Scout troop using a check from our troop’s account.  The troop’s name and address are listed on the check, and not my name (although I am an authorized signor on the account). Will the Walmart store accept this check? Is this considered a business check?
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/19/2016 at 8:26 am
Hi Kevin,
Smart question. No, you do not have to have your name on the check to use it. But you do need to have a driver’s license, state ID card, military ID, or a social security card and a picture ID. What happens is the Walmart cashier will run the check and your ID information through Telecheck. Telecheck will match your ID with the associated bank account to ensure you’re an authorized user. If you are, the check will clear. The process is pretty slick. So just make sure to have one of the forms of ID listed above and you’ll be good to go. Happy camping!
The article has been updated to reflect this information.
Kevin K. on 08/19/2016 at 10:01 pm
Update: I stopped at the customer service desk first to inquire about using a check from our troop’s business checking account for a purchase, and they required that I present an ID that showed I was a member of the organization. I have a BSA member card but didn’t have it on me, and I’m not even sure that card lists the troop or not. In any case, it never got to the point of having Telecheck validate the check or that I am an authorized signor on the account.  It’s a bit frustrating that Walmart doesn’t post their policies about this on their web site.
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/19/2016 at 10:58 pm
Are you saying you were able to pay with the check without your name on it without presenting one of the accepted forms of ID (or any ID at all)?
Kevin K. on 08/22/2016 at 8:31 am
Sorry, I’m saying that they would not accept my check unless I could present some form of ID proving that I was from that organization. I told them that Telecheck would show that 1) there are sufficient funds in the account and 2) that I was an authorized signor on the account.  They still wouldn’t accept the check without specific ID from the troop. So I cashed the check for cash at our bank and went to a different Walmart. One thing that annoyed me is that no one really knew their policy, and the customer service reps told me that each cashier does it different. I told them that they should all be enforcing the Walmart policy the same way and they told me that doesn’t always happen, which annoyed me even more. It was one of my worst experiences in a Walmart store.
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/23/2016 at 7:24 am
Hi Kevin,
I think it’s Walmart’s low pay combined with its high turnover that leads to these frustrating moments. You’re right, each Walmart employee should operate under the exact same guidelines as another. Having to show your troop ID is bizarre.
Cheyanne on 08/24/2016 at 6:40 am
I wrote a check to Walmart an it got returned to them from my bank what do I do? Now will I got to jail or what will I do the Walmart in my town said they don’t deal with that so what can I do
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/24/2016 at 9:23 am
Hi Cheyanne,
It’s true, you won’t be dealing with Walmart. What happens now is the company Walmart uses for check processing, Telecheck, will get in touch with you using the contact information they have gathered from your associated checking account. So expect contact via one or more of the forms of communication you have listed on your checking account. Or, contact them directly and get the situation resolved. You won’t be able to write another check to any store which uses the Telecheck system until this is resolved. Next, contact your bank/credit union and ask for your overdraft fee to be forgiven. Simply ask and as long as you don’t overdraft often, it will likely be waived. Do what you can to get more money into the account. So it’s a bit of a balance between getting your bank account back up and communicating with Telecheck to let them know when you can get your payment resolved. Also note that Telecheck will likely charge a returned-check fee. But no, you will not be going to jail. Though if you don’t pay Telecheck, they will submit your payment to collections. That will hurt your credit score which will bring future problems. But for right now, you’re not in too much of a mess. Just get money into your checking account quickly and you’ll be just fine. If you have a follow-up question, fire away.
Cheyanne on 08/24/2016 at 9:27 am
Thanks so much! I will get in contact with them…. My bank was suppose to cover it but didn’t so my mistake! Thank you an I have so much stress relived off my back!
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/24/2016 at 9:36 am
No problem! If your bank was supposed to cover the overdraft, make sure to let them know so you can for sure get the overdraft fee waived. It only takes a second and will save you around $30.
Benjamin Nettrour on 08/31/2016 at 12:08 am
I have a check printed to me from out of state bank andkvi was wondering if I could use it to shop for things at Walmart and pay with this check.
CEO William Lipovsky on 08/31/2016 at 8:45 am
Hi Benjamin,
Since the check is made out to you and not Walmart, you cannot pay Walmart directly. You will need to cash the check before using it at Walmart. And since it’s a personal check, Walmart will not cash it. To find another place to cash the check besides Walmart, check out this list of stores that cash checks and banks that cash checks to noncustomers .
Let me know if you have any follow-up questions.
Caity sanderson on 09/07/2016 at 5:16 pm
So i wrote a check to walmart thinking i was going to get a deposit coming in to cover it. Its not coming now for a month and my check bounced and i got charged a fee. I was only charhed the fee though. Not gor what i bought! I want to make sure i pay them and that i dont get in trouble! What do i do because i do not get paid for a month!
CEO William Lipovsky on 09/08/2016 at 8:27 am
Hi Caity,
Telecheck handles these issues for Walmart. Contact Telecheck and explain your situation. Since you’ve caught this problem early, it’s not a big deal. All will be corrected soon. Though make sure not to try to write checks at other stores as Telecheck is quite prevalent so you will be denied and those stores right away.
A. Lafour on 09/12/2016 at 9:26 pm
My SS is deposited/available on 2nd Wednesday each month. Is a check written Tuesday prior cleared on Wednesday?
CEO William Lipovsky on 09/13/2016 at 8:14 am
Hello,
The check is cleared at the same time the Walmart cashier scans it through the Telecheck machine – just after you write the check. There’s buffer between the time you pay with check and the time Walmart looks to see if the funds are available.
jessi k on 09/16/2016 at 6:19 pm
i have no food in my house and i dont get paid until the 30th of the month and its now the 16th if i write a check today how long will it take get to the bank. the checking account is active theres just no money until the 30th will it go thru
CEO William Lipovsky on 09/17/2016 at 9:58 am
Hi Jessi,
Walmart communicates with your bank as soon as the check is scanned. If it’s accepted and you don’t have money in your account, you’ll go into overdraft right away. The bank does not wait for the check to clear.
J.G on 09/17/2016 at 5:23 pm
Hey if a family member writes me a personal check,but I want to shop online can I use the check as payment for a pre paid visa or gift card?
CEO William Lipovsky on 09/18/2016 at 2:19 pm
Hi J.G,
You can turn it into a third party check and yes, buy a prepaid Visa card or a gift card with the check. Or you can cash the check first at one of these 18 stores that cash personal checks .
Mary Bernstein on 09/20/2016 at 10:49 pm
My mom is elderly and has just moved into a nursing home in Massachusetts (she moved from NH). She has lost her NH driver’s license and Social Security card. Can she write a check at  a Massachusetts WalMart with her passport as ID?
CEO William Lipovsky on 09/21/2016 at 5:43 pm
Hi Mary,
I’m happy to report that yes, Walmart accepts U.S. Passports as one of the forms of ID that can be used for validating a check. I also called Walmart corporate to confirm.
The article has been updated to reflect this information.
jenni on 09/23/2016 at 11:48 pm
How many checks can you write in a day?
CEO William Lipovsky on 09/24/2016 at 12:10 pm
Hi Jenni,
According to Walmart and its relationship with TeleCheck (the company that processes the checks), there is no limit to the number of checks a person can write. However, your bank/credit union may impose a limit. So that’s where your concerns could be validated. However, it really shouldn’t be an issue.
The article has been updated to reflect this information.
james on 09/27/2016 at 6:42 am
if i’m writing a check tuesday for a tv but wont have money in my account until wednesday night will it work?
CEO William Lipovsky on 09/27/2016 at 10:18 am
Hi James,
Probably. But there’s no lag between when the check is used and when the bank examines your funds. TeleCheck (the check authorization service used by Walmart) will ‘ask’ your financial institution if it’s okay to approve the check. So it’s up to your bank and your specific account if this can happen. Most financial institutions allow overdrafts between $100-$1,000. You’ll pay an overdraft fee of around $30. Or if you have overdraft protection, you won’t pay this overdraft fee. So this answer is highly variable based on your situation. Your best move would be to call the bank ahead of time and see if you have overdraft protection and if not, see if you can quickly get it or just pay the $30 fee.
Reggie on 10/01/2016 at 10:26 am
My wife just came back from a local Wal-mart where she tried to pay using a check for around $230 and was declined. After a lot of angry embarrassed phone calls to our bank and Wal-mart, it finally came out that telecheck had declined her check based on “not having enough information in her profile”. This was her first time writing a check at Wal-mart and it seems from the conversation that we had with the telecheck rep that they build a profile based on a persons previous check history with Wal-mart to establish trust. Since my wife had no trust, they declined the check without even attempting to draft the account. This has to be the worst business practice that I’ve ever seen from an institution dealing with money and has my wife trying to swear off shopping at Wal-mart ever again. This is a policy that needs to be clearly spelled out right up front.
Benjamin on 10/10/2016 at 5:38 am
I unfortunately have a rep payee on my checking account. Would this prevent me from paying with a check even though my name is on the check?
CEO William Lipovsky on 10/10/2016 at 8:39 am
Hi Benjamin,
Interesting question. Walmart actually doesn’t have a written policy on this topic. Though if your name is on the check and you provide ID, you should be able to write a check without a second party’s authorization.
Mathews A on 10/16/2016 at 7:53 am
I work for the state Government and they send me to purchase stationary and other items as needed with a check made payable to Walmart. When I present the check for payment, the cashiers refuse saying they cannot use it to make the payment. Sometimes they cash the check. Can you please let me know what is the Walmart procedure in handling such checks.
Thanks
Editor in Chief Hillary Miller on 10/16/2016 at 11:55 pm
Hi,
Walmart’s official policy is to only accept checks if the person presenting the check is an authorized user on that account. Unfortunately, that means that unless you’re listed as an authorized user on your employer’s bank account, Walmart may not accept your check as payment. Sorry I couldn’t bring you better news!
Emily on 10/17/2016 at 3:57 pm
Do the checks try to go through twice if they bounce or do I need to call immediately after the first bounced try?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 10/17/2016 at 8:28 pm
Hi Emily,
Walmart’s official policy is that the returned check fee and the original payment amount will be deducted from the account by EFT or bank draft, so that does sound like they will try to cash the check a second time (after the first time incurs the returned check fee). I couldn’t find out anything from Walmart directly about how they would handle such a situation, but some other customers have reported that Walmart will try to deposit a bounced check up to three times. If you have the funds available, the best thing may be to go directly to the customer service desk at the Walmart in question and pay the amount owed in cash. If you don’t have the funds available, you will probably want to put a stop payment on the check (although that will cost you too — typically about $30 or so, although this varies by bank). Best of luck getting this resolved!
Serena Castillo on 10/21/2016 at 5:45 pm
Does Walmart except school founding personal checks?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 10/21/2016 at 6:56 pm
Hi Serena,
I’m not sure what you mean. Could you be referring to a third party check (a check that’s been signed over to you from someone else)? Unfortunately, Walmart won’t cash third party checks or accept them as payment.
Kevin J on 10/26/2016 at 10:28 am
I paid by check this morning and came home. To my suprise my mother bought what I needed so I need to return the laptop and printer.. it’s already deducted from my bank account so is it possible to make the return and get the money back same day even if it’s cash
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 10/26/2016 at 7:46 pm
Hi Kevin,
I wasn’t able to find anything in the Walmart return policy about this particular situation, but other customers have reported that they were able to get cash after returning an item purchased by check. Since your purchases probably came to a relatively high dollar amount with the laptop and printer, they may issue you a store credit instead of cash.
Nancy on 11/03/2016 at 6:01 am
Hello I need to get ahold of corporate office regarding a check that was cashed at Walmart with telecheck and was presented to our bank for payment then 4 days later the actual check was presented for Payment to our bank and it cleared our bank second time once as a telecheck and once with original check. how could this happen?
Who should I contact?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 11/03/2016 at 12:50 pm
Hi Nancy,
That does sound like a very strange and frustrating situation! You may want to start by getting in touch with your bank directly to have someone there investigate the situation. The bank may be able to provide details about when and where the check was cashed the second time. If you’d like to contact Walmart as well, I would recommend calling into Walmart customer service (the website states that you can use this number “ask a question about your local store or our corporate headquarters.”) That number is 1-800-WALMART (1-800-925-6278). If you’d like to email instead, you can visit the Walmart contact page. I hope this helps, and best of luck getting things resolved!
Adriana on 11/20/2016 at 1:36 am
Question.  I was in Walmart the other day and purchased a laptop in that back at the electronics section. I had other purchases I made but went to the front to check out. My debit card had put a limit on my card because of the laptop purchase and it was declined though I know I had more than enough money to cover my purchases. So I wrote a check out to Walmart from a different account but there was insufficient funds and the check was declined by my personal bank and returned. Am I able to contact or go up to Walmart and stop payment on the check and pay in cash the balance of my purchase plus the returned check fee? Not really sure what to do. I never meant for the check to decline. Wasn’t aware there was insufficient balance to cover the cost of my purchase. Just let me know. Thank you.
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 11/20/2016 at 2:39 pm
Hi Adriana,
You should be able to visit the customer service desk at the Walmart where you made the purchase to pay the returned check fee (likely around $25 or so) and the outstanding balance for the purchase. It’s not a bad idea to call ahead to that Walmart and ask about the best way to go about resolving the situation, since there may be a preferred process for handling a bounced check at that particular location, but very likely the representative will ask you to come in and pay in cash. I hope this helps!
Judith on 11/22/2016 at 12:25 pm
need to pick up a few more thanksgiving dinner items but I don’t get paid until Friday.  I am hoping I can I write a check at Walmart to cover the purchase?  I am not sure how fast Walmart does their banking in order to know if my check will be “safe” until Friday.  Am I allowed to write over the amount?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 11/22/2016 at 4:30 pm
Hi Judith,
Walmart will use TeleCheck to run your check as soon as you present it for payment. It may take up to 1-2 business days for the money to be deducted from your account, but TeleCheck may decline your check if there aren’t sufficient funds at the time of payment. If the check is accepted at the checkout but later bounces, you’ll be charged a $35 returned check fee — so it’s probably not worth the risk.
Tyler Tosel on 12/04/2016 at 8:00 pm
Would I be able to write a check out today and put the funds in the bank tomorrow?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 12/05/2016 at 11:58 am
Hi Tyler,
Typically, TeleCheck does not verify account balance before accepting or rejecting a check. Most customers report that it usually takes about 36 hours from the time a check is handed to a cashier at Walmart until it posts to their bank account. It’s always better to have the funds in your account any time you write a check, but theoretically, you may be able to write a check and deposit the funds the following day (it will help if it’s a cash deposit, which will show up immediately in your account balance — a check deposit will take longer to clear). Keep in mind that TeleCheck does take into account many other variables and risk factors, and some customers are denied even when they have enough funds in their account based on banking history, so it’s still possible for TeleCheck to reject your check payment for another reason. I hope this helps!
Susan on 12/20/2016 at 12:03 pm
I went shopping at Walmart late friday evening.  I transferred money to my checking account Monday morning, however Walmart had already presented to the check.  This has never happened to me before.  What will happen??  Will they put it through a second time?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 12/20/2016 at 7:26 pm
Hi Susan,
Walmart does not publish an official policy on this situation, but customers report that if the check did not clear the first time, the company (technically TeleCheck) will try to run the check up to three times. A $35 returned check fee will also be charged. As long as you currently have enough funds in your account to cover both the original payment and the $35 fee, you should be in the clear once TeleCheck processes the transaction. It’s worth noting that you won’t be able to write checks to any retailers that use TeleCheck (which is quite a lot of them) until this issue has been resolved. To expedite the process, you can likely arrange with the Walmart where you made the purchase to pay off the outstanding balance in cash. You’ll need to work with that store directly about further steps for this process; you can find the phone number for your local Walmart through the Walmart location finder. I hope this helps!
Luis on 12/22/2016 at 11:25 am
Hi I have a question I get my paycheck on the 27 of Dec.But I wanted to Get Christmas presents for my kids so can I use my check to Get the presents
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 12/22/2016 at 1:46 pm
Hi Luis,
Most customers report that when paying by check at Walmart, the transaction will post to your checking account approximately 36 hours later. This means that if you write the check before you have the funds available, the payment will likely post within the following day or two and your account will either be overdrawn, or the check will bounce. Unfortunately, unless you want to face a returned check fee from Walmart and possibly an NSF fee from your bank as well, you won’t be able to write a check if funds aren’t available in your account for a purchase before Christmas. I’m sorry I couldn’t bring you better news!
Mona on 12/31/2016 at 8:44 am
I wrote a check at Walmart electronic check it bounced but there is funds now will they run the electronic check again(a second time?)
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 12/31/2016 at 2:16 pm
Hi Mona,
Most customers report that Walmart will present a check for payment up to three times — so yes, Walmart will likely run the check a second time. You’ll be charged the original amount of the purchase, plus a $35 returned check fee. If you’d like, you can also typically arrange with the Walmart store where the purchase was made to pay off the outstanding balance in cash. I hope this helps!
K mcgehee on 01/08/2017 at 11:30 pm
I tried to cash my payroll check at Walmart (I work for a well known large corp.) They said that my son was coming up as another name and couldn’t cash it. There is nothing g on my credit report and no fraud that I’m aware of. Is there a way to check with walmart home office about someone else name coming up in their system under my ssn?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 01/09/2017 at 12:13 pm
Hi K,
I’m sorry to hear about the issue you’ve had with your check! Most likely, the system that is pulling a different name isn’t really Walmart’s system but TeleCheck, a separate company that electronically processes checks at a number of retailers. You may have the most luck getting in touch directly with TeleCheck. The Fraud, Identity Theft, and Forgery department contact number for TeleCheck is 1-800-710-9898. The general Declined Check Information for Check Writers number is 1-800-366-2425. You can also reach the Walmart corporate office directly at 1-800-WALMART (1-800-925-6278). Best of luck getting this resolved!
Todd on 01/27/2017 at 4:07 pm
Payroll checks are not declined by TeleCheck.  Walmart’s check cashing verification service is through Certegy.
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 01/28/2017 at 12:05 pm
Hi Todd,
After some additional research, it seems that there are numerous reports of customers having their checks declined at Walmart by both TeleCheck and Certegy. It appears that Walmart may utilize both companies for check verification. I’ve amended the article to state that either Certegy or TeleCheck may be used to verify a check at Walmart. Thanks for bringing this issue to our attention!
Frank on 01/25/2017 at 7:43 am
I am visiting a family from out of time and lost my debit card, can I write a check for items needed if I live in another state.
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 01/26/2017 at 2:02 am
Hi Frank,
It may be worth giving the local Walmart store a quick call before you head over to do any shopping, as individual stores may have varying policies — but typically, as long as you can present a valid ID with a name that matches the name printed on the check, it shouldn’t be a problem that your ID and bank account are from out of state. I hope this helps!
Tia on 01/25/2017 at 10:45 am
Today’s my birthday, my mom is out of town but she signed a check and made it out to Walmart for ca use i wanted a apple laptop,can I go and purchase my laptop
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 01/26/2017 at 2:12 am
Hi Tia,
Unfortunately, unless your name also appears on the check or you are an authorized user on your mother’s checking account, you won’t be able to use a check printed with your mother’s name at a Walmart store. Sorry I couldn’t bring you better news (but happy birthday)!
Tara on 02/12/2017 at 3:38 pm
Hi! my concern is that I had a good Samaritan to pay the balance owed on my  credit card account by check.  I contacted Walmart customer service department to see when my the check will clear and also how long will it take for a credit to show up on my account.  I was told by a supervisor in customer service that it could take 21 days for the check to clear due to the large amount and that it was in my credit card policy. I’ve NEVER heard of or seen this in my policy. I’ve heard of 7 to 10 days but not 21. Please clarify.  Thanks
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 02/13/2017 at 3:24 pm
Hi Tara,
Just to clarify, is this in regard to your Walmart store credit card? The length of time that it takes a payment to post will really be entirely dependent on the processing time of the credit card company — so if customer service has stated that the payment may not post for 21 days, unfortunately there’s very little that can be done to speed the process along. 21 days does seem excessive for the processing time for a credit card payment, but checks in a large amount (particularly if they’re coming from an account that hasn’t made a payment on your card before) could definitely result in a delay in processing. It’s very possible that the customer service agent gave the 21 days as an outside estimate, and the payment may post sooner than that — so it’s worth checking up on your account to see if the credit appears earlier. As far as the policies for your credit card account, you would have to get in touch with customer service and ask an agent to cite the specific place where the “21 days” policy is outlined, as different customers can have different agreements and cardholder’s statements. I’m sorry I couldn’t bring you a more specific answer, but please let me know if you have any further questions!
Cassi on 02/25/2017 at 6:45 pm
Will an expired and clipped ID work to verify a check with my name?
Editor in Chief Hillary M. Miller on 02/26/2017 at 12:31 pm
Hi Cassi,
Unfortunately, an expired and clipped ID will generally not be accepted as proof of identity. You will need a current, valid, government-issued ID to cash a check. A passport will work if you have one of those, or a social security card and a separate photo ID. I hope this helps!
Shae on 03/28/2017 at 3:33 pm
I cashed my payroll check issued by my employer at walmart on Friday. Well, this morning my company’s payroll department stated they cancelled the check. What happens now considering I already cashed the check? Will I owe Walmart?
Associate Editor Sarah Quinn on 03/28/2017 at 4:22 pm
Shae,
Unfortunately, due to the volume of comments that we receive, we’re not able to help with specific, individual requests. I recommend calling TeleCheck, Walmart’s check processor, at (800) 366-2425. I hope this helps!
Courtney Stamper on 04/01/2017 at 12:54 am
I wrote a check at Walmart in another state. I live in TN, wrote the check at a VA Walmart. It’s been 2 days and it’s still not been taken out of my checking account (that I’ve noticed). Is it because I was in another state? I hate thinking I have more money than I actually do. How long will it take to take those funds out of my checking account?
Associate Editor Sarah Quinn on 04/01/2017 at 3:45 pm
Courtney,
It usually does take only one to two business days for funds to be withdrawn from your account, no matter where you write your check. I recommend contacting TeleCheck at (800) 710-9898 if you’d like to inquire about your specific check. I hope this helps!
K on 04/05/2017 at 11:00 pm
I wrote a check to Walmart and forgot to transfer the funds so the check bounced, will they try to pull the money again or how do I take care of the money I owe Walmart
Associate Editor Sarah Quinn on 04/06/2017 at 11:03 am
K,
As included in the article above, “Walmart’s check policy posted in-store in the checkout lanes states that if there is not enough money in the customer’s bank account at the time the check is presented for payment, the customer will be charged a returned check fee of $35.00. Both the returned check fee and the original payment amount will then be deducted from the account by EFT or bank draft.” (A returned check and a “bounced check” are the same thing.) I hope this helps!
Sarah on 04/06/2017 at 8:19 pm
I am going to Florida , I can write a check at Walmart there.
Michael on 05/08/2017 at 5:04 pm
I bounced a check at Walmart years ago I want to work there and pay Walmart back out of my check. Will Walmart hire me and work with me to pay back my debt?
Associate Editor Rebecca Turley on 05/09/2017 at 1:35 pm
Hi Michael,
The type of job you are applying for at Walmart will depend on whether a background check is conducted and whether this information will be revealed. You can find more information on the hiring process here: https://careers.walmart.com/stores-clubs/walmart-store-jobs
Rmc on 05/10/2017 at 7:00 pm
Hi. Can i purchase gift cards at Wal-Mart and pay with a personal check?
Associate Editor Rebecca Turley on 05/11/2017 at 2:04 pm
Hi Rmc,
We contacted a customer service representative at Walmart who told us that you can use a personal check to purchase gift cards at Walmart, provided you have proper photo ID.
Kara on 05/12/2017 at 1:10 am
My husband wrote a check to walmart on Friday but there was not enough funds for the check to clear. I did deposit funds into our checking account but have not seen the charge debited from our account. I don’t have the receipt but know the day it was purchased. How can I make sure walmart is paid?
Associate Editor Rebecca Turley on 05/12/2017 at 10:35 am
Hi Kara,
Walmart uses TeleCheck to process its checks at the cash register, at the time of the sale. Often times, it will take your bank a day or two for the check to show up on your account. Until it is posted, you won’t know if the check was cleared or if it was returned.
Adam on 05/15/2017 at 7:37 am
I had written a check at Walmart and I had to have surgery the day my deposit was supposed to go in.  My bank returned the 1st “Attempt” I contacted the bank and my deposit went in the next day.  When Walmart “Resubmitted” the check for the retry it was paid.  Ever since then telecheck won’t let me write any checks and they took $30 fee out without a notice or anything.  My original check was paid with the retry and they took a NSF fee.  Can they even though it was paid on the retry.  Any recommendations short of a lawyer to get telecheck to let me start using my checking account again.  I have NEVER written a bad check before and I was not being a “Deadbeat” I was stuck in a hospital bed unconscious for most of the day.  The error was corrected and they got their money with out having to do collections.  Thanks.
Associate Editor Rebecca Turley on 05/15/2017 at 11:08 am
Hi Adam,
Their website makes it easy to report or dispute inaccurate information: “Reporting information to TeleCheck is easy and secure. Do you need to dispute information you believe to be inaccurate in TeleCheck’s reporting database? We will promptly assist to correct reporting inaccuracies.” Good luck and I hope you are able to get this resolved!
Tina on 06/12/2017 at 5:46 am
Are you able to use personal checks that aren’t ordered directly from your bank for purchases? I ordered plain checks from another website but they don’t look like my other ones. Same information though.
Editor Rebecca Turley on 06/12/2017 at 3:17 pm
Hi Tina,
Provided the checks you ordered have your printed account number, routing number, and your name and address, it doesn’t matter if you ordered your checks from your bank or from a check company.
Tina on 06/13/2017 at 2:17 am
I was told by an associate that because there was no bank logo and it only had the bank name that it was fraudulent and refused to accept it. All the correct information was on it, I had a matching state issued id, and I had used a check from the same book a few hours before at the same store. She said other associates can do it but she won’t, and refused to run it through the telechek system. I feel like she handled the situation very poorly and I would like to file a complaint. First she accused me of trying to use a fraudulent check, didn’t bother to even check the security features on it at all, and told me not to even bother showing her any proof that the check is valid with the receipt from earlier or even the checkbook that it came off of basically because she didn’t like it way it looked. I shop at that store frequently and used the checks several times since I ordered them in January with no problem. How do I go about filing one? Thanks
Editor Rebecca Turley on 06/13/2017 at 11:50 am
Hi Tina,
My first question is: Who did you order the checks from? That’s a good starting point, so we can figure out if they are a reputable company.
Tina on 06/14/2017 at 12:00 am
Vistaprint.com. It has all my info and bank account numbers. It only has the name of the bank on the side, she claimed it needed to have the bank address, phone number, and a logo as well but the site didn’t ask for it so it can’t be that important. I’ve been using them for six months now.
Editor Laura Bachmann on 06/14/2017 at 8:40 pm
Hi Tina,
Sorry to hear Walmart is making things difficult for you! To get contact them with respect to filing a complaint , you can try this online complaint/comment form , or try calling customer service and choosing the option for making a complaint. The number is 1-800-925-6278. You’re best bet though, is probably to speak directly to management or the customer service center at the specific store that wouldn’t accept your check.
Good luck!
Stefanie on 06/12/2017 at 12:25 pm
I have an insurance check for $7500 I’d like to cash.  I know the limit is $5000.  Can I take $5000 of that check and deposit the remaining $2500 on my Walmart moneycard?  (I already have the moneycard and its been active for nearly 2 years)
Thanks
Hi Stefanie,
It looks like Walmart will not cash any check over $5,000, regardless of whether you will deposit some of the check onto your Walmart MoneyCard. You can, however, deposit the entire check onto your MoneyCard and then withdraw the desired cash from a Walmart MoneyCenter or an ATM once the check has cleared. Note that ATM withdrawals are limited to $1,500 per transaction.
Tiffany on 06/19/2017 at 9:08 am
Will walmart cash a two party check?
Editor Rebecca Turley on 06/19/2017 at 9:17 pm
Hi Tiffany,
Walmart will cash a two-party check, provided both parties are present and both parties have an ID.
Sisco on 07/03/2017 at 4:02 pm
Hi I want to make a purchase at Walmart using a check but won’t have the funds in my checking account until I get paid, will my check still clear at the register?
Editor Rebecca Turley on 07/03/2017 at 6:15 pm
Hi Sisco,
Walmart uses an electronic check system that verifies your banking account information at checkout. If you don’t have funds in your account at the time of purchase, it is unlikely that your check will be approved.
KaJ on 08/04/2017 at 5:38 am
Hello, I cashed a check at walmart then i noticed my bank returned it to walmart. The check was for 550$. I spent the money before realizing it was returned. Is walmart going to have a warrant issued for me? Will I be charged as a felon? I tried contacting manager, left a message for a return call, managed never returned call. What should I do?
Editor Laura Bachmann on 08/04/2017 at 5:12 pm
Hi KaJ,
No, you won’t be charged as a felon. I’m a little unclear here about your question — Walmart doesn’t cash personal checks, so maybe you meant that you paid with one? A couple things can happen here. First, you might be charged a returned check fee by Walmart. Walmart charges $35 when checks are returned, and of course, you’re still liable for the amount of the check, and they will with draw it when funds are available in the account if possible. Second, you might be charged an overdraft fee by your bank or credit union. These fees vary widely depending on your bank, and some banks don’t even charge one if it’s the first time you’ve over drafted your account. I would recommend calling your bank to find out more about the situation with your check. It’s best to resolve these issues quickly so that you don’t risk incurring more fees.
Kaj on 08/21/2017 at 2:57 pm
Thank you I just received a letter from the collection  company that telecheck uses.I tried to make good with the store manager, but not only did he not return my phone calls, he said someone will be getting intouch with me. I guess that’s who he ment, collections.
James on 08/18/2017 at 1:22 pm
can I use check writing privilege at any walmart in Canada and all U.S. states
To pay my Sams club credit card balance.
Angel on 08/23/2017 at 10:11 am
I wrote a bad check to a walmart out of town years ago that I never paid. Will in be able to pay by check at another location before clearing the other one.
Editor Rebecca Turley on 08/23/2017 at 12:13 pm
Hi Angel,
Unfortunately, you will not be able to write another check until the original one has been paid, regardless of the location.
Oscar on 08/28/2017 at 5:49 pm
Hello I lost my wallet a month ago a someone is using my info from my ID to process checks and purchase items from retail stores how can I put a stop and block any purchase using my name can someone please help
Editor Kathleen Wilson on 08/29/2017 at 8:57 am
Hello Oscar,
I’m so sorry to hear someone’s been using your ID to process checks and purchase items from retail stores. This is a hassle to go through, but the good news is that the U.S. government has a specific website to help you report and recover from identity theft. If you go to IdentityTheft.gov , just click the “Get Started” button, fill in all of your information, and then you’ll get a step-by-step recovery plan that will guide you through everything you need to do to secure your ID and prevent others from making purchases in your name. Hope this helps!
Jim on 08/31/2017 at 4:16 pm
Jim,
It was this past June 28th my house was broken into and the thieve or thieves stole a book of my personal checks. The thieve or thieves have cashed several checks at two different Wal-Marts without having the proper ID.  I have my driver license so how is it that Wal-Mart has allowed checks to be cashed without the proper ID?  The other issue is the thieve or thieves used one of my checks to return goods at the Wal-Mart store in return got cash back, how is this even possible? I had not choice but to place a seize on checking account because the person or persons who stole my personal check book was cashing checks in two different Wal-Marts like it was their checking account.  I have provided TRS Recovery Services with the police report which indicated the thieves stole my personal check book, I provide the recovery services a letter from my bank about the fraudulent checks, as well a letter from landlord that her house that I rent was broken into on June 28th of this year. The problem is that TRS Recovery is still demanding payment for two checks which were part of the stolen checks.  What should I do since the recovery services is still demanding payment for the stolen checks.
Editor Laura Bachmann on 08/31/2017 at 7:34 pm
Hi Jim,
Sorry to hear your house got broken into! This sounds like a very difficult situation. Walmart doesn’t cash personal checks, so the thieves couldn’t have simply cashed any checks. I assume that they bought things and paid with checks. This usually also requires an ID, but, if you’ve paid with a check at Walmart in the past, you might still have been in Walmart’s system that records check writing history. If that was the case, the system might not have prompted the cashier to ask for an ID. If you hadn’t used checks at Walmart before, I think you should call this Walmart and find out why they accepted that check.
I would recommend closing and reopening a new checking account with your bank, rather than just putting a seize on the account. Reopening is the most effective way of ensuring that they won’t use any of your stolen checks in the future.
How much legal protection you have for liability on the checks depends on how quickly you notified your bank about the theft. If you let the bank know within two days, you might not be liable for the purchases. But, if you took longer, you can be liable up to $500. You can see the FTC’s complete description of the rules on protection in the case of lost or stolen bank cards here .
Jim on 08/31/2017 at 7:57 pm
Hi Lauren, I notified the bank immediately when i noticed the first check posted to my account which the 30th which was two days from the first check was cashed as well as two days from the day my checks were stolen.The issue I’m having is I’ve never used this checking account to cash checks at Wal-Mart, ever and nor do I use checks to purchase items at Wal-Mart. That’s why I have a credit card and debit card. What’s strange is how does Wal-Mart allow my check to be used to return items at the customer service center instead of am actual receipt. I believe it was an employee at Wal-Mart who knew how yo get around the check cashing system. Secondly I’ve never shopped at the Wal-Mart were the first four checks were cashed. I intend to get an attorney and look at filing a lawsuit against Wal-Mart and Telecheck for their carelessness at not checking the persons ID at the time these transactions took place.
Editor Laura Bachmann on 08/31/2017 at 10:29 pm
Hi Jim,
Overall, Walmart’s actions with respect to your checks seem not to follow Walmart’s own policies. Best of luck following up with Walmart and Telecheck. I hope you’re able to find out why they took your checks without an ID!
Kay on 09/22/2017 at 3:44 pm
Hello, I used a check to pay for my purchase at Walmart on the 14th of this mth (September). I was just checking my account and they still have not tried to cash the check. It’s been a week. Should I call someone? Or wait little longer? Not sure why it’s taking so long
Editor Kathleen Wilson on 09/23/2017 at 2:49 pm
Hi Kay,
After doing a bit of digging around online, it looks like Walmart usually processes checks electronically , meaning the cash is withdrawn from your account almost immediately. Some people report that it takes 2-3 days for the funds to be withdrawn from their account though. Either way, it’s been 9 days since you paid, so your account should have been debited by now. It definitely wouldn’t hurt to call Walmart customer service at (800)925-6278 to see if they can help figure out what’s going on.
Donna Lipe on 09/26/2017 at 11:38 am
I wrote a check on August 31, 2017 at Walmart and they did it electronically and Bank of America took the monies out too. I have had the monies taken out twice from my account and need to make sure you guys refund me one for $191.48 check number #1759. My number is 303-210-9357.
Editor Laura Bachmann on 09/26/2017 at 8:08 pm
Hi Donna,
Sorry, we aren’t affiliated with Walmart. You can contact Walmart by email or phone to try to get your check refunded. If you have trouble getting answers with the corporate number and email provided at Walmart’s contact page, you could also try talking to customer service at the store where you made the purchase.
Mason on 09/26/2017 at 9:46 pm
My lawyers received a settlement check from GEICO. They deposited the check into their escrow account until it cleared before issuing me a check. Is the check I received from my lawyers considered a “personal” check or a settlement check? I’d like to cash it at Walmart.
Editor Laura Bachmann on 09/27/2017 at 8:43 am
Hi Mason,
These checks from attorneys are often business checks because they’re written against the law firm’s business checking account. If the check is pre-printed, you can probably cash it at Walmart. Walmart never cashes handwritten checks.
Mary on 10/08/2017 at 6:05 am
Hi, I wrote a check in June and now it’s October. Walmart has sent that check through 3 times, twice in September alone and and I thought they’d only send it through once since it bounced. I’ve been charged the $35 NSF bank fee three times. Is it normal policy for them to send it through repeatedly like that?  I should have gotten a letter by now or a phone call. Where do I call to pay this and stop it going through another time! I read somewhere that each time it bounced Walmart also charged the NSF fee of $30, so that’s $90!
Editor Kathleen Wilson on 10/08/2017 at 11:18 am
Hi Mary,
It does seem odd that Walmart has sent the check through three separate times and that it’s bounced each time without you getting a notification. Your best plan of action is to contact your bank directly and request that they issue a Stop Payment on the check. Explain what’s going on and see if they can’t also remove the additional NSF fees, since you’ve been charged multiple times for the same check — and without notification.
Mary on 10/08/2017 at 12:14 pm
Thanks, I sure will.
Lynda on 10/11/2017 at 3:05 pm
I have a question about writing a check at Walmart. A few years ago I wrote a check and it bounced although my bank covered it. Recently I tried to write a check and was told they would not honor it because I bounced a check. I do not remember when I did this nor the amount. Is there anything I can do?
Editor Laura Bachmann on 10/11/2017 at 7:30 pm
Hi Lynda,
Walmart uses either Telecheck or Certegy to verify checks. Did they scan your check in a machine when you tried to pay with it, and then tell you they couldn’t accept it? That machine was either Telecheck or Certegy, and the cashier should have printed out a receipt and given it to you. The receipt has the contact number for either Telecheck or Certegy. These companies assess the riskiness of your check. They could be storing information about whether you’ve ever had a check bounce before, and that could be preventing you from using checks again. You’ll want to call the number on the receipt to sort this out.
Lynda on 10/28/2017 at 3:52 pm
Hi again Laura,
That is the problem.  I rarely write checks at Walmart (only if I don’t have cash on hand) and the last time I did was about 3 to 5 years ago.   I don’t have the receipt, or check number.  Is there anything I can do?
Elizabeth J Fuller on 10/15/2017 at 1:45 pm
I have written a few checks thinking they would clear but they didn’t. I don’t want them sent back to bank and would like to take care of  them outside bank. They will charge me overdraft fee again. They were at Heath and Newark Ohio location. Please advise.
Editor Laura Bachmann on 10/15/2017 at 4:33 pm
Hi Elizabeth,
If the checks have already been declined for non-sufficient funds, Walmart will charge you an over draft fee and attempt to withdraw the money again. Your best bet is to make sure you have enough money in your account to cover the checks, so that you won’t incur additional overdraft or non-sufficient funds fees.
Jenn on 10/24/2017 at 10:29 pm
Hello- I wrote a check and it bounced. I take full accountability and I want to know if they will re-run the check a 2nd time through my bank? Or should I call Walmart to resolve? I actually called and haven’t received a call back yet.
Kiya on 10/27/2017 at 10:34 pm
I wanna write a check to walmart for my kids Christmas but i want have the funds in my account to cover it? Will i get in trouble if i write it anyways?
Kris on 11/21/2017 at 2:30 pm
I went to Walmart today and realized at the checkout that my husband had my bank card so I wrote a check. No one seemed to have a pen so the cashier didn’t have me sign it. It went through no problem. Is that going to cause an issue? I’ve never written a bad check in my almost 40 years and now I’m paranoid.
Erica on 12/05/2017 at 10:46 pm
Hi, I need help – badly!
There was a huge bank error where an overdraft line of credit for $500 was added to my joint checking acct w/my 16 year old – the man handed me 4 temp Checks; I loaded my car up & drove for 5 hours the following day … and when I arrived in my new city wrote these 4 checks to Walmart over the next week – totaling around $400. WELL, the next week I see that the account is terribly overdrawn, Ooooops-my bank cannot add that overdraft protection because my 16 year old is the “primary” on that checking account!! So, I now owe Walmart $400 + 4 NSF Fees of $35!! I have a few questions, because nothing like this has ever happened to me before. I went to the local Walmart trying to resolve it thru Customer Service, but of the 4 managers I spoke with, not one of them had a clue …. about much.
1)Is this NOT considered theft?? I wrote checks for products & the checks were not paid … that sounds like theft to me… who at Walmart can I speak to about this? I don’t want to have criminal charges filed against me. (The checks were written 90 days ago)
2)Do I call TeleCheck to settle the matter & not Walmart?
Any other help that anyone can provide I would really appreciate. The bank waived/reimburrssed me my $400+ in NSF Fees due to their error ….but I have not written paper checks in many, many years …. and I don’t have a clue how things are handled in 2017.
I’m currently homeless & applying for jobs that will most definitely conduct Credit & Background Checks …. and there is no way that I can afford this colloausel mess-up on behalf of my bank to cause me not to get a job. 🙁
Maegan on 12/09/2017 at 2:28 pm
I need to get my layaway off but dont get paid until Wednesday could I possibly write a post dated check for Wednesday or will I have a few days before it hits the bank?
Related Articles
Send to Email Address
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
