 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information that identifies you:this is commonly referred to as “personal information” and includes, for example, information that you provide to us such as your name, home address, age, gender, telephone number, email address, payment information (including your credit card number), and/or photos or video footage of you; and
 
 
Contact/Registration information:for example, your telephone number or email address, if you have subscribed to a service such as program updates; name, age, gender, or interests if you register for an account on one of our online services; delivery address if you buy a product or service through an online service; or your age, location, or delivery address if you choose to enter a competition or sweepstakes offered through our online services.
Transaction information:when you order products or services through our online services, you may provide information such as your credit/debit card details and other personal information related to that transaction.
Information that you provide on message boards and other user forums: including your username, images, or videos.  Please use caution when posting to messages boards or other forums, as information posted to these portions of our online services is public information.
Information about your equipment and about your interactions with The Shade Room and other online services:for example, your Internet protocol or IP address; pages, content, or advertising that you visit within online services (including online services not provided by The Shade Room); or the type and version of your device’s operating system or web browser, your device ID, and in some instances, your device’s location.
Information that is collected from social networks and publicly available data: if you visit our online services on a device through which you also interact with social networks or if you interact with us through a social media function such as a plug-in (for example, a Facebook “like” button) then you may be permitting us to have on-going access to some information from your social network profile (such as your name, email address, your friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, and the people/sites you follow ). If you don’t want a social network to collect the information about you as described above, or you don’t want a social network to share it with us and other third parties, please review the privacy settings and instructions of the applicable social network before you visit and use our online services.
Information that is collected from Consumer Data Resellers:we may collect information about you from consumer data resellers, including but not limited to, demographic and other generally available information, or advertiser information, including purchasing data and membership in loyalty programs.
 
 
The methods we use to collect information about you are as follows:
Directly from you, when you provide it to us:for example, when you request products or services from us, when you register with us, respond to surveys, apply for a job, contact us or otherwise interact with us. Please remember that if others use devices into which you remain logged in, they may share information with us as if they were you, and they may have access to information that you have previously provided us.  To protect your privacy, please log out from our online services that you access from public or shared devices.
Automatically, when you use our online services:information collected through the use of cookies and other technologies, and when you download our mobile apps.
 
 
 
enter you into sweepstakes, contests or promotions where requested;
create an online services account if you have requested one;
personalize the services offered by us or our affiliates, including providing personalized advertising on some online services;
respond to your inquiries, requests, and comments;
allow you to participate in the interactive features of our online services, where you choose to do so;
provide technical support for our online services;
prevent fraud or potentially illegal activities (including copyright infringement) on our online services;
protect the safety of users and others on our online services;
enforce our online services’ terms of service;
understand how our online services are used so that we can continuously improve them, and the services we provide to you;
send you newsletters and information about products, services and promotions relating to us and/or our business partners or other organizations that we work with, in accordance with your communication preferences.
send you service-related communications, including announcements and administrative messages;
create anonymous and, where legally permissible, personally identifiable user and consumer profiles, and audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing, and subject to legal restrictions (including consent where necessary) we may also use technology (such as Facebook Custom Audiences) to deliver advertising to you on other sites and in mobile apps based on the email address or other personal information you provide to us or through the use of information we receive from third parties, including Consumer Data Resellers.
if you use our online services to send gifts we use the contact information (e.g., email addresses) that you provide to send the gift to your requested recipients, provide other communications relating to those sorts of transactions, as well as any further communications as may be authorized by the recipients; and implement any related social networking features you have activated.
 
 
 
Your information may be shared with The Shade Room affiliates, and used to help us better tailor our services, products and advertising to you.
Information sharing with third parties – e.g. service providers, advertisers, consumer data resellers, social networks:
 
Service providers that we have retained to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf:for example, service providers who offer services including research and analytics; hosting websites, fulfilling transactions, maintaining databases, administering contests, providing technology services and platforms, and processing payments.  These parties are provided only with the personal information or other information they need to perform their functions and can only use and disclose that information as is necessary to perform the services on our behalf, or to comply with legal requirements. We take steps to ensure that third party service providers will take appropriate steps to protect your personal information.
Social Networks:You may interact with certain features of our online services that cause information to be published to your social networks.  For example, you may click on a Facebook “like” button, which publishes to your Facebook account that you “like” one of our stories or social media posts on other platforms.  On pages of our online services that contain social network functionality, the social network providing the functionality may be able to collect information about you, even if you don’t use that functionality. For example, if a page within our online services contains a Facebook “like” button, Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page, even if you don’t click on the “like” button. To control this sharing of information, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or log out of it before you use our online services.
For Mobile Apps:In mobile apps, your personal information and information about how you use our mobile apps may be shared with technology providers, carriers, analytics providers, and/or other mobile apps either operated by us or third parties.
Advertisers, Advertising Networks and Consumer Data Resellers: Some online services, including mobile apps, may be supported with advertising, and collect data to help our online services serve ads.  This helps keep the cost of online services low or free. We work with advertisers and third-party advertising networks and consumer data resellers that buy and/or sell information to other companies for multiple purposes including offering products and services that may interest you. These third parties may receive information about how you interact with content and advertising provided in our online services. These third parties may view, edit or set their own tracking technologies/cookies, which will allow them to collect information about you.
 
 
In addition, we may disclose your personal information to law enforcement agencies, government/regulatory bodies, and content protection organizations to:
Protect our legal rights, privacy or safety, and that of our subsidiaries, affiliates, employees, agents, contractors, or other individuals;
Protect the safety and security of visitors to our online services or other properties;
Protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes;
Respond to inquiries or requests from government, regulatory, law enforcement, or public authorities;
Permit us to pursue available remedies, commence, participate in, or defend litigation, or limit the damages that we may sustain;
Comply with the law including with subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, and other legal process; or
Enforce applicable terms of service.
 
 
 
CHILDREN
Except where otherwise indicated. we do not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under the age of 13. Some of our online services may attract an audience that is under the age of 13. For those services, we use an age-gate to make certain features unavailable for use by children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 in connection with those features. Where required, we will provide notice to and obtain verifiable consent from parents or guardians for the collection of personal information from children under 13, and provide parents or guardians the ability to request access to personal information we have collected from their children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be fully familiar with the online services used by their children. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 has provided us with information without his or her consent, he or she should contact us at  info@theshaderoom.com . As required by law, we will delete such information from our files within a reasonable time.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you have subscribed to one or more of our email newsletters or are receiving them from us and you don’t want them anymore, you can unsubscribe. Select the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of any message, by other means provided to unsubscribe, or using the contact details below, to unsubscribe from marketing and promotional emails and associated marketing delivered to you on third party services based on your subscription data. However, you cannot unsubscribe from some service related messages.
Access and Correction
 
In addition to the functionality provided to you via our online services (such as using “account settings” for registered users), where legally required we provide online visitors with access to their personal information and the ability to review, update and correct it.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10. IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 
Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which our online service has disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at The Shade Room, PO Box 88160, Los Angeles, CA, 90009. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code.  In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you.  You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response.  Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
Do Not Track
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Disclaimer
We have recently relaunched TheShadeRoom.com and have updated our Terms and Privacy Policy. By continuing to use this site you agree to our updated Terms and Privacy Policy.
Subscribe to our
Leave this field empty if you're human:
© 2017 All Right Reserved | Designed & Developed by StreamLined
