K-State Gender Policies
Policy on Non-Discrimination
This notice fulfills K-State's obligation as a recipient of Federal financial assistance to notify students, parents and others that K-State does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, ethnic or national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, religion, age, ancestry, disability, military status, veteran status, or other non-merit reasons in admissions, educational programs or activities and employment, including employment of disabled veterans and veterans of the Vietnam Era, as required by applicable laws and regulations.
The President of K-State issues this statement each year to reaffirm K-State's policy of nondiscrimination and equal opportunity in recruitment, hiring, assignment of duties, promotion, tenure, compensation, training, discipline and termination.
This policy defines harassment and discrimination based on race, ethnic or national origin, sex, sexual orientation, religion, age, ancestry, disability, military status, or veteran status. It explains the procedure followed to investigate and resolve such complaints as well as the expectation of confidentiality and the prohibition against retaliation for filing or participating in the resolution of a complaint.
Policies on Family and Medical Leave Act (FMLA)
Employees are granted up to 12 work weeks of leave in a 12 month period for certain family and medical reasons. The employee is required to use all accrued paid leave toward the FMLA entitlement before being authorized leave without pay. Family members are limited to the employee, spouse, children and the employee's parents.
Learn more about the policy on FMLA .
Policies on Lactation Support for Nursing Mothers
Kansas State University strives to create a workplace that is both productive and supportive of its faculty, staff, and student employees in their familial roles. The University recognizes the benefits of workplace support for breastfeeding mothers.
While availability cannot be guaranteed, the following rooms are offered as a service to nursing mothers on campus: 016 Anderson Hall, 124 Berney Welcome Center, 2108 College of Business, 182A Dole Hall, 2199 Engineering, 105 K-State Student Union, 269 Lafene Health Center, 243A Leadership Studies, 113 Leasure Hall, 202 Umberger Hall, 302 Umberger Hall, and 207A Willard Hall on the Manhattan campus. These 12 areas have each been equipped with privacy dividers, an electrical outlet, a table and a chair. There are also two designated areas at K-State Salina -- 117 Salina Technology Center and the Student Life Center female restroom -- and one area at K-State Olathe, room 212.
If you have any suggestions, changes or comments about the lactation stations please contact the President's Commission on the Status of Women at pcsw@k-state.edu .
Policy on Gender and Policy Prohibiting Discrimination, Harassment, and Sexual Violence
The goal of the Policy on Gender is to create an environment at Kansas State University in which all students, faculty, and staff interact solely on the basis of individual strengths and characteristics, without having those interactions shaped by generalizations, stereotypes, or valuations based on gender; and to encourage constructive, thoughtful, and gender‑sensitive behavior.
