The University of Texas System Administration operates and maintains advancing.utsystem.edu. Since UT System Administration is a public institution, the information we collect may be subject to public disclosure under the Texas Public Information Act (Chapter 552 of the Texas Government Code) and could be subject to other applicable state and federal laws.
I. Information Collected Through the Site
A. Information You Provide
UT System Administration may collect certain information from and about you when you choose to provide it through the site. For example, this may include personal information from and about you including your name, email address, telephone numbers, date of birth, gender, marital status, family members, donation information and, if you make a donation or purchase on the site, financial account information. UT System Administration may collect this information when you communicate with us via e-mail, open and interact with our e-mails, follow embedded links in our e-mail, submit forms through e-mail, through our website, or otherwise. If a member of the general public sends UT System Administration an e-mail message or fills out an e-mail or web-based form with a question or comment that contains personally identifying information, that information will only be used for the purposes identified in this privacy statement. The message or form may be redirected to another government agency or person who is better able to respond to the question or comment. UT System Administration does not market such information. UT System Administration does not use such information in any way that would reveal personally identifying information to third parties except as otherwise provided in this privacy statement or with your consent.
B. Information Collected and Stored Automatically
The site may use cookies, server logs, or other tracking technologies to automatically collect certain non-personal information from and about you when you use the site.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small file containing information that is placed on a user's computer by a web server. Typically, these files are used to enhance the user's experience of the site, to help users move between pages in a database, or to customize information for a user. UT System Administration servers do not store personally identifiable information in cookies from pages intended for use by the general public.
Information stored in cookies by UT System Administration web servers is used for internal purposes only. It is not used in any way that would disclose personally identifiable information to third parties except as otherwise provided in this privacy statement and/or unless System is legally required to do so.
Server Logs and Network Monitoring
System Administration monitors network traffic for the purposes of site management and security. This information is used to help diagnose problems with the server and to carry out other administrative tasks. The following information is collected in these files:
Hostname: the hostname, site name, username, and IP address of the computer requesting access to the site
User-Agent: the type of browser, its version, and the operating system of the computer requesting access (e.g., Netscape 4 for Windows, IE 4 for Macintosh, etc.)
Referrer: the web page the user came from
System date: the date and time on the server at the time of access
Full request: the exact request the user made
Status: the status code the server returned, e.g., fulfilled request, file not found
Content length: the size, in bytes, of the file sent to the user
Method: the request method used by the browser (e.g., post, get)
Universal Resource Identifier (URI): the location of the particular resource requested. (More commonly known as a URL.)
Query string of the URI: anything after a question mark in a URI. For example, if a keyword search has been requested, the search word will appear in the query string.
Protocol: the technical protocol and version used, i.e., http 1.0, ftp, etc.
The above information is not used in any way that would reveal personally identifying information to outside parties except as otherwise provided in this privacy statement and/or unless System is legally required to do so.
C. Information Collected from Other Sources
UT System Administration may obtain information from and about you from other sources including information from institutions within The University of Texas System, third parties that provide updated or additional information or other online and offline data. This information may be combined with the information that UT System Administration collects from and about you.
II. Use of Information
UT System Administration may use the information collected from and about you to: (1) respond to your requests and inquiries; (2) provide services and communicate with you; (3) provide you with customized content on the site or via email; (4) provide you with information, newsletters, and promotional material from UT System Administration or on behalf of our partners; (5) to review the usage and operations of our site and improve our content and services; (6) to research, improve, or address problems with the site; (7) protect the security or integrity of the site or UT System Administration’s operations; and (8) as described to you at the point of collection.
III. Information Disclosure
UT System Administration may disclose the personal information collected from and about you as follows: (1) to its Service Providers (as defined below), if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for UT System Administration; (2) as necessary if UT System Administration believes that there has been a violation of applicable site terms and conditions, or of the UT System Administration’s rights or the rights of any third party; (3) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law or required by law; (4) subject to public disclosure requirements under the Texas Public Information Act (Chapter 552 of the Texas Government Code); and (5) as described to you at the point of collection. Additionally, UT System Administration may share aggregate or anonymous non-personal information with third parties.
IV. Service Providers
UT System Administration may contract with third parties to perform functions related to the site or information collected through the site (each a “Service Provider”). Service Providers will have access to your information needed to perform their support functions, but may not use or share that information for other purposes.
V. Notice About Information Laws and Practices
With few exceptions, you are entitled on your request to be informed about the information UT System Administration collects about you. Under Sections 552.021 and 552.023 of the Texas Government Code, you are entitled to receive and review the information. Under Section 559.004 of the Texas Government Code, you are entitled to have UT System Administration correct information about you that is held by us and that is incorrect, in accordance with the procedures set forth in University of Texas System Policy 139, "Texas Public Information Act."
The information that UT System Administration collects will be retained and maintained as required by Texas records retention laws (Section 441.180 et seq. of the Texas Government Code) and rules. Different types of information are kept for different periods of time.
VI. Links
This site contains links to other sites outside of System Administration. UT System Administration is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
VII. Security
Advancing.utsystem.edu has reasonable security measures in place to protect from loss, misuse and alteration of the information under the control of System Administration. While UT System Administration makes efforts to ensure the integrity and security of its network and systems, it cannot guarantee its security measures.
Contacting System Administration
If there are any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or dealings with this website, contact giving@utsystem.edu .
210 West 7th Street, Austin, Texas 78701. (512) 499-4200
