Effective Date: January 1, 2015
By using the 360fly website (360fly.com) and/or any of 360fly’s online or mobile products, 360fly hardware or software, or other services (“Services”), including when you access the Services through game system platforms or mobile devices, you agree to 360fly’s Privacy Policy and that we may transfer and store your information in the United States.
IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. We will post any modifications or changes to the Privacy Policy on the 360fly website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so we encourage you to review it frequently. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on the 360fly website prior to the changes taking effect. Your continued use of the Services signifies your acceptance of our Privacy Policy as modified.
2. Use Supplied Information
360fly collects both personal information and non-personal information that you provide to us, including personal information that may be contained in any video, comment, or other submission you upload or post to the Services. “Personal information” is information that identifies you and can be used alone to contact you online or offline. 360fly may collect Personal information from you in the context of: Account registration and administration of your user account; Contest registration and prize acceptance; Customer support and technical assistance; Processing your order for products or services offered by 360fly; Registration for your 360fly products; Providing updates to you regarding your 360fly products; Newsletter subscriptions; Access to 360fly products or services on social networks or third party services; Services provided online, by way of your mobile device or the 360fly software; andOther uses of the Services where Personal information is requested for use and/or participation. The specific types of Personal information collected will depend upon the activity and may include your full name, email address, phone number, home address, mobile phone number, credit card information, and shipping address. Our mobile services may request access to your photos, wi-fi network name and product serial number. Those who win a prize in our contests may be required to provide their social security number and other identification for tax purposes, which will only be used for prize fulfillment purposes. 360fly may also ask for “non-Personal information,” i.e., information that, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. Such non-Personal information may include, for example, gender, birth date, or zip code. You may be asked to submit non-Personal information with Personal information or separately.
3. Automatically Collected Information
When you use 360fly’s Services that connect to the internet, including when you access the Services via PC, mobile, and game system platforms, we may collect certain information as described in the sections below for such purposes as improvement of our products and software services, troubleshooting bugs, providing the services, managing the Services, tracking usage, providing content for referring traffic sources and improving overall performance of the Services. Such information may include IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, preferences, technical session information, browser type, information about your computer, hardware, software, or mobile device, including a device identifier, demographic information including gender, zip code and age, and navigational data including log files, server logs, clickstream data, and other data such as your location, where enabled, and language preference. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes. If you arrived at our website via a link from another webpage, we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous statistical information about your visit to our site. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site, and to improve the content of our website to better match the interests of our website users. We may combine this automatically collected and other non-Personal information with Personal information, in which case we will treat the combined information as Personal information under this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
360fly uses cookies to store website visitors' preferences and to record session information, such as pages visited, interactions with website features, time spent on the website, shopping cart items, language preference, intended shipping region, and purchase behavior for various purposes such as ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements, to tailor website content and newsletter communications according to visitor preferences, to serve online advertisements based on past visits to the website, and to inform and optimize website performance and online advertising campaigns. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal information you submit to us. 360fly allows third parties to collect non-Personal information by way of cookies, web beacons, and as described below from the 360fly website. 360fly does not enable third parties to collect any Personal information directly from the Services for their own promotional purposes. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by 360fly and relevant ad serving, website feature, and analytics partners, and does not cover the use of cookies by 3rd party advertisers. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. You must, however, enable cookies from 360fly in order to use most functions on the website. We may also use flash cookies, also known as “local shared objects,” on our site. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies and cannot be removed or blocked via web browser settings. To learn more about how to manage Flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website here and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel here .
Web Beacons
Web Beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ Personal information. One or more of our third party advertising partners employ a software technology called web beacons, that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective.
Ad Servers, Third Party Advertising, and Website Analytics
We may serve third party advertisements to you while using 360fly.com and may work with website analytics and advertising partners, including Google, Doubleclick, AdRoll, Commission Junction and Facebook, to deliver 360fly advertisements on third party publisher websites - these partners may set cookies on your computer's web browser. These cookies allow our partners to recognize your computer so that the ad server can show you 360fly advertisements elsewhere on the Internet, and so that our analytics software can measure your engagement and interactions while using 360fly.com. In this way, ad servers may compile anonymous, non-Personal information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw our advertisements, whether or not you interacted with our advertisements, and actions performed on subsequent visits to 360fly.com. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you, and it allows 360fly to optimize the performance of our advertising campaigns and the usability of our website. In other words, we use analytics data in concert with data about our online ads that have been shown using the Google Display Network, DoubleClick for Advertisers, or other online advertising networks. By doing so, we can understand how anonymous users interacted with our website after seeing our ads. For more information about these advertising services and how to opt out, please see the “Choice and Opt Out” section below.
Camera Diagnostic Information
When you connect your 360fly camera to the Internet, we may automatically receive certain information about your camera and your use of the camera, including log files, camera modes, settings, durations, error rates, and other usage information. We collect and use this information solely in anonymous and aggregate form, unless you have provided your consent to associate this information with your camera serial number. This information helps us to improve our products and services, troubleshoot bugs, and analyze camera errors.
Mobile Software Applications
When you use a 360fly mobile application we may automatically receive certain information about your mobile device and use of the application, including a device identifier, operating system, version, and other information about your mobile device as well as time spent in different portions of the 360fly mobile application. We monitor customer software usage to help us develop the design and layout of the mobile application and to improve the content to better match the interests of our users. We may also collect different types of information about your location, including general information (e.g., IP address, zip code) and more specific information (e.g., GPS-based functionality on mobile devices used to access the Services), and may use that information to customize the Services. If you access the Services through a mobile device and you do not want your device to provide us with location-tracking information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking functions on your device, provided your device allows you to do this. See your device manufacturer’s instructions for further details.
360fly Desktop Software Applications
Our desktop software, including but not limited to 360fly desktop app, may automatically send anonymous data about usage of the software when it connects to the internet. This information will not contain any Personal information; it may contain information about your computer such as operating system, technical specifications, and data related to your use of the software on the computer, e.g. numbers of installs and downloads, screens visited, screen resolution selected, video recording mode, and other types of information collected to facilitate product support, product development and improvement of the software as well as other services to you and other 360fly users. We monitor customer software usage to help us develop the design and layout of the desktop software and to improve the content to better match the interests of our users.
Information from Other Sources
360fly may receive information about you from third parties, such as commerce partners, marketers, social network services, and other parties that we may use to supplement the information that we collect directly from you. If you connect to a third party network, platform, or service through the Services, you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information that you agreed the social network or other third party platform could provide to 360fly based on your settings on the third party social network or platform. Your agreement takes place when you connect with the third party network, platform, or service via our Services, and/or when you connect with one of our applications through one of these services.
4. Uses of Information
360fly may use non-Personal information to improve performance of our Services, to understand how anonymous users interact with our website after seeing 360fly advertisements, to identify and retarget advertisements to past website visitors, and to optimize the performance of our advertising campaigns. 360fly may use both non-Personal information and Personal information to enable the purchase and fulfillment of 360fly products and services, and to improve the overall 360fly customer and product experience.
360fly may also use Personal information in providing the Services, including but not limited to:
Orders
If you place an order, we will use your name and email address to send you an order confirmation email, a shipping confirmation email, and customer satisfaction emails.If you do not wish to participate in customer satisfaction emails, you may opt-out of such emails upon receipt by clicking “Unsubscribe” link contained in the email.
Customer Service
Based upon the Personal information you provide us at the time of account registration or purchase, we will send you a confirmation email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your preferences.
Newsletters, Special Offers and Updates
We will occasionally send you information on products, services, special promotions, contests, events, and opportunities to interact with 360fly and our community. You can sign up to receive these emails from us on our newsletter sign up page and/or during checkout while purchasing a product. Out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see “Choice and Opt-out" section below for more details on how to unsubscribe or opt-out of communications from 360fly.
Service-Related Announcements
We will send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
5. Sharing and Disclosure of Information
360fly does not share, sell, rent or trade Personal information with third parties for their own promotional purposes, and will only share Personal Information as outlined below or with your consent.
Co-Branded Websites
At times 360fly will partner with third party websites in a co-branded relationship, where a co-branded web page(s) is used to promote 360fly products, services, photos or videos. These web pages may be designed to look and feel just like 360fly.com, but are actually hosted on a different domain. When we enter into co-branded partnerships we may at times share your name and email address in order for 360fly to communicate with you about 360fly related promotions, news, and updates via tools provided by our third party co-branded partner website. Information collected on third party co-branded webpages may not be covered under our Privacy Policy. All information collected on third party co-branded websites is owned and controlled by that website’s privacy policy. Please be sure to read the privacy policy of any website that asks you to submit Personal information.
Customer Testimonials
At times, we may post customer testimonials on our website which may contain Personal information. We will obtain your consent via email and/or opt-in methods prior to posting your name, city, or stated activity/interest along with any testimonial.
User-Generated Content
You may be able to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content on publicly-available areas of the Services. Such information is unencrypted, public information, may be accessed or recorded by us, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in such information. Any Personal information you submit in the course of such activities can be read, collected, or used by other users. If you submit your video or other content to 360fly, we may publish it on the 360fly website or applications along with certain Personal information identifying you, e.g., your first and last name or your username, when we have your consent. For more information relating to the terms governing your user generated content, please see our Terms of Use.
Third Party Service Providers
We use other third party service providers to offer or facilitate services on our behalf, such as a shipping company to fulfill orders, a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services, and an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf. When you order products from 360fly, we will share your Personal information as necessary for such third party services providers to provide the applicable service to us or on our behalf. These third parties are prohibited from using your personal information for promotional purposes.
Business Transactions
Information that we collect, including your Personal information and non-Personal information, is considered a business asset. As a result, if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or if we are acquired as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or sale of some or all of our assets, your information may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
Legal Compliance
We reserve the right to access and disclose your Personal information when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to: (a) enforce legal rights and comply with the law; (b) comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority, (c) prevent or address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage; (d) protect our rights, prevent fraud and/or comply with judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on 360fly.
Other Disclosures of Non-Personal Information
360fly may aggregate and/or remove user unique information collected by the Services or via other means so that the information does not identify you. Our use and disclosure of aggregated, user unique, and other non-Personal information is not subject to any restrictions under this Privacy Policy, and we may disclose it to others without limitation for any purpose.
6. Choice/Opt-out
We provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your Personal information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example, if you purchase a product but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form by leaving the “Opt-In” checkbox blank. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at support@360fly.com . You will be notified when your Personal information is collected or shared by any third party that is not our service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether to share your information with that party. If you do not wish to have your Personal information shared and want to opt-out from receiving further communications from any third party that is not our agent or service provider, please contact that third party directly. 360fly strives to provide the public with relevant, value-added content in the form of online advertisements. However we respect the wishes of anyone who does not want to be tracked by third party advertising companies online. Users may opt-out of cookie-based online advertising and analytics programs by following the opt-out instructions provided by our advertising and analytics partners here.
To opt-out of the Doubleclick and other Google advertising cookies, please visit the Google advertising opt-out page.To opt-out of analysis via the Google Analytics cookie, please visit the Google Analytics opt-out page.For more information about which third party advertising cookies may be stored on your browser, including one of our retargeting partners, and how to selectively opt-out of each, please see the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page or the Digital Advertising Alliance’s website.Do Not Track (“DNT”) is a privacy preference that users can set in certain web browsers. DNT is a way for users to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected on our website for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the Network Advertising Initiative and the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out links above. However, we do not recognize or respond to browser-initiated DNT signals, as the Internet industry is currently still working toward defining exactly what DNT means, what it means to comply with DNT, and a common approach to responding to DNT.
7. Correcting / Updating or Removing Information
360fly users may modify or remove any of their Personal information collected by 360fly at any time by logging into their account and accessing features such as Edit Profile and Account Info. Users may also email us to correct or change any information by filling out our contact form located at http://360fly.com/support/
8. Third Party Website Links and Features
360fly’s Services may contain links to or features from other websites. This Privacy Policy covers the privacy practices by 360fly, and does not cover the privacy practices of third party websites or features. 360fly is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices of third parties. When linking to another Site or using a third party service, you should read the privacy policy on that site or service. To the extent certain third party website features are available on the 360fly services, the following terms apply:
Twitter
We use a Twitter widget to enable users to easily share content found on 360fly.com by sending a Tweet via their Twitter Account. Please see Twitter's Privacy Policy for more on the type of information tracked by Twitter via this feature - in particular, the section titled "Widget Data".
Facebook
We use Facebook Like button to enable our website users to easily "Like" content found on 360fly.com, and thereby share this content with their Facebook Friends. Please see Facebook's Data Use Policy for more on the type of data tracked by Facebook via this feature.
Google
We use the Google + button to enable our website users to easily "+" content found on 360fly.com, and thereby share this content within the Google platform. Please see Google's Privacy Policy for additional information on how Google collects and manages user data.
9. Children’s Privacy
360fly’s Services are intended for general audiences and not for children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal information from children under the age of 13 and if we become aware of such collection, we will take reasonable steps to delete any such information as soon as practicable.
10. International Users
360fly operates primarily in the United States and as a result, the information we collect may be stored in the United States. Your Personal information may be transferred to, used, processed, or held by 360fly in the United States and in other countries, including countries outside of your country of residence and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.
11. Changes in Our Privacy Policy
From time to time, our information practices may change. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
12. How we Protect Your Personal Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. Despite our best efforts, however, no security measures are completely impenetrable.
13. 360fly Contact Info
360fly is a trademark of 360fly, Inc.
360fly is a trademark of 360fly, Inc.
