Sign in
PwC Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies to PricewaterhouseCoopers Ltd in Mauritius and any entity under similar control, each or together referred as PwC or We. This policy explains how PwC handles personal information and complies with the requirements of the Mauritian Data Protection Act ("DP Act").
 
We collect information relating to the contact details and organisational roles of our clients, suppliers and other business contacts. The information will relate to basic information of the person such as names, addresses (whether residential or business), mobile or telephone numbers, e-mail addresses (whether personal or work) and job designations.
The information we collect during the provision of our services to our clients would generally be of a more detailed nature such as financial information.
 
Providing services;
Reporting and management;
Any purpose that would relate to our business
 
We may use personal information about individuals to market our services, including by email. However, individuals have the right to object to the processing of personal data concerning him/her for such marketing by writing to the Data Protection Officer, PwC, 18 CyberCity, Ebène, Mauritius or by emailing us .
If we collect or use personal information in ways other than as stated in this policy, we will ensure we do so pursuant to the requirements of the DP Act.
required by law;
use or disclosure is permitted by this policy;
we believe it necessary to provide you with a product or service which you have requested or are contracted to;
to protect the rights, property or personal safety of any member of the public or a customer of PwC or the interests of PwC;
some or all of the assets or operations of PwC are or may be transferred to another party as part of the sale of some or all of PwC’s business; or
you give your consent.
 
We may also share non-personal, de-identified and aggregated information for research or promotional purposes. Except as set out in this policy, we do not sell or trade personal information to third parties, or allow such third parties to use that personal information.
PwC uses a range of service providers to help us maximise the quality and efficiency of our services and our business operations (including internal business requirements, such as recruitment and human capital requirements). This means that individuals and organisations outside of PwC will sometimes have access to personal information held by PwC and may collect or use it from or on behalf of PwC. This may include, but is not limited to, independent contractors and consultants, travel service providers, mail houses, off-site security storage providers, website hosts, electronic database managers, or event managers, credit managers and debt collecting agencies. We require our service providers to adhere to our privacy guidelines and not to keep this information or use it for any unauthorised purposes.
 
As part of a global network of PwC firms, PwC exchanges information, including personal information, between its offices. As a result, we may transfer personal information outside Mauritius to countries whose privacy laws do not provide the same level of protection as Mauritius. PwC may also use overseas facilities or contractors to process or back-up its information or to provide certain services to PwC. As a result, we may transfer your personal information to our overseas facilities or contractors for these purposes.
 
This policy also applies to any personal information we collect via our websites, including pwc.com/mu .  In addition to personal information you provide to us directly (such as where you make a request or complete a registration form), PwC may also collect personal information from you via its websites.
Cookies may be used on some areas of our websites. A cookie is a small software application which allows a website to recognise a previous user and to observe how a user navigates within a website. Cookies are now used as a standard by many websites. PwC uses cookies to improve the navigational experience of visitors to our websites and to make them easier to use.
If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers now recognise when a cookie is offered and permit you to opt out of receiving it. If you are not sure whether your browser has this capability, you should check with the software manufacturer or your internet service provider. In most cases, you can refuse a cookie and still fully navigate the PwC websites.
In order to properly manage our websites, we may log certain statistics about the users of the sites, for example the users' domains and browser types. None of this information specifically identifies an individual and it is used solely to ensure that our websites present the best possible navigational experience for visitors.
Whenever a registered member (such as a PwC alumnus) logs in to our websites, they will be identified by their user name and password. The information we collect about members' use of our websites is used purely for measuring site performance and in assisting to resolve any technical difficulties.
 
Depending on the purpose for which we have collected personal information (for example, registration for a PwC event or a request for particular information or material), we may store some of the information electronically in PwC' customer relationship management system. Some or all of this personal information may be available to partners and authorised staff of PwC for use in accordance with this policy.
PwC will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you, whether electronically or in hard-copy, and to keep this information accurate and up to date. We also require our employees and data processors to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by PwC.
 
We will provide access to personal information upon request by an individual, except in the limited circumstances in which it is permitted for us to withhold this information (for instance, where granting access would infringe another person's privacy).
When you make a request to access personal information, we will require you to provide some form of identification (such as a driver's licence or passport) so we can verify that you are the person to whom the information relates. In some cases we may also request an administrative fee to cover the cost of access.
 
If you believe that information we hold about you is incorrect or out of date, or if you have concerns about how we are handling your personal information, please contact us and we will try to resolve those concerns.
If you wish to have your personal information deleted, please let us know and we will take reasonable steps to delete it (unless we need to keep it for legal, auditing or internal risk management reasons).
 
PwC operates in a dynamic business environment. Over time, aspects of our business may be change as we respond to changing market conditions. This may require our policies to reviewed and revised. PwC reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on this website.
The amended policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change.
PwC Privacy Commitment 
Follow PwC Mauritius
