This Privacy Policy governs your use of this website (including the urls and subdomains of LosAngelesDowntownNews.com , DowntownNews.com , LADowntownNews.com , LADowntownDevelopment.com , LosAngelesDowntown.com , DowntownLADining.com ) and any content made available from or through this website. This website is made available by LosAngelesDowntownNews.com ("Downtown News"). Capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy have the definitions provided in the Downtown News Terms of Use.
By visiting this website or using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Downtown News may modify, add, or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. Your continued use of the Services or this website after any such changes have been made means you agree to such changes. If Downtown News makes any material changes to the Privacy Policy, it will indicate, at the top of this page, the date the Privacy Policy was last revised.
This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, Downtown News’ Terms of Use located here Terms of Use (“Terms of Use”), which also govern your use of this website and the Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided or obtained other than through this website. For example, this Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected by phone, through the postal service, or through other offline and print mediums. This Privacy Policy only applies to this website and excludes information collected by anyone except Downtown News.
Personal Information
Downtown News collects and stores information that you enter into this website. Downtown News offers a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information. To use some services, however, Downtown News may collect limited personal information that can identify you or that can be used with other sources of information to identify you (“Personal Information”). For example, when you register with the website, Downtown News collects personal information including your name, email, date of birth and zip code. When you register, you may also provide Downtown News with optional information such as your gender, ethnicity, and household income, and year of birth. When you register to enter a sweepstakes, contest or survey, Downtown News collects the information requested for the registration of those events. When you email a story to someone using the Downtown News “email a story” functionality, Downtown News may collect the email and other information you provide in connection with this service. Downtown News also collects any information you voluntarily provide on a public forum or in the “comments” section of a news page.
Anonymous Information
When you use the website, Downtown News may also collect certain information that does not identify you individually (“Anonymous Information”). For example, Downtown News may collect your IP address, browser information and website domain name every time you visit this website. Downtown News may also collect information regarding user-traffic patterns and website usage. This Anonymous Information is used to analyze and improve this website and to provide customers with a more fulfilling website experience.
Use of Cookies and Spyware
Downtown News does not use or install spyware on your computer. Downtown News does not use spyware to retrieve information from your computer.
Like many websites, Downtown News uses “cookies”, which are files stored on your computer’s hard drive by your browser. Cookies help Downtown News identify account holders and optimize their website experience. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. Downtown News recommends that you leave cookies enabled so it can offer you a better website experience. You may occasionally receive cookies from companies advertising on this website. Downtown News does not control these cookies, and these cookies fall outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
Use of Your Information
Except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy, Downtown News does not use or disclose information about you collected online to any companies not affiliated with us. Downtown News does not sell or share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.
Customer Service and Feedback
Downtown News may use your Personal Information to provide customer service, track your compliance with the website’s rules and regulations, or for editorial and feedback purposes, subject to the Terms of Use.
Use of Anonymous Information
Downtown News may use Anonymous Information to help it determine how people use parts of the website and who its readers are so it can improve the website and make it more enjoyable for its users. Downtown News may use or share with others Anonymous Information (or other information, other than Personal Information) in any other manner that Downtown News deems appropriate or necessary.
Third-party Agents
Downtown News occasionally has third-party agents that perform functions on its behalf, such as marketing, database-hosting, web analytics, credit-card processing, providing customer service, and fraud protection. For example, when you place advertisements on the website, your information will be processed by a third-party agent. These entities have access to the Personal Information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of Personal Information. They are restricted from using, selling, distributing or altering this data in any way other than to provide the requested services to the website.
Downtown News may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit this website. These companies may use information (generally, not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this website and to other websites to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies may employ cookies and clear GIFs to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect falls outside the scope of this Privacy Policy.
Public Forums
When you contribute to a public area or feature of this website, such as a comment page, bulletin board, or other open forum that Downtown News may make available, at its discretion, on or through this website, the information that you submit will be made available to the general public and will not be considered "Personal Information" for purposes of this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, Downtown News recommends that you refrain from submitting any sensitive information, including your full name, home address, phone number, or other information that would enable users to locate you or information about you.
Co-sponsored Contests, Sweepstakes and Offerings
Some of Downtown News’ contests, sweepstakes and other offerings may be co-sponsored by another company. In those situations, the information it obtains from you in connection with such contest, sweepstakes or offering may be shared with its co-sponsor. In those situations, Downtown News’ co-sponsors will have the right to use your information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own policies. If you do not wish for the information obtained from you to be shared with co-sponsors, then do not enter such contest, sweepstake or other offering or otherwise provide to Downtown News any Personal Information in connection with such contest, sweepstake or other offering. Downtown News is not responsible for how its co-sponsors may use your information.
Legally Compelled Disclosures
Downtown News may disclose Personal Information to government authorities, and to other third parties when compelled to do so under law (including under a reasonable interpretation of the law), including, without limitation, in response to court orders and subpoenas.
Emergency Situations
Downtown News may also use or disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:
(a) conform to applicable law;
(b) protect and defend the its rights or property, the website or its users, and
(c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of Downtown News, its users, and others.
Transfer in the Event of Reorganization
In the event that Downtown News, any affiliate of Downtown News, or substantially all of its assets, are acquired by one or more third parties as a result of an acquisition, merger, sale, reorganization, consolidation or liquidation, Personal Information may be one of the transferred assets. For purposes of this policy, an "affiliate" of Downtown News is an entity that is under the control of, or under common control with, Downtown News.
Your California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles California customers to request information concerning whether a business has disclosed Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties' direct-marketing purposes. As stated in this Privacy Policy, Downtown News. will not sell or share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent. California customers who wish to request further information about Downtown News’ compliance with this law or have questions or concerns about Downtown News’ privacy practices and policies may contact Downtown News at http://www.ladowntownnews.com/our_newspaper/about_us/
Security
Downtown News makes commercially reasonable efforts to keep your Personal Information secure, however, no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Downtown News to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully, including in the case of your contacting us by email or a "contact us" or similar feature on this website. Accordingly, though Downtown News may take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of all Personal Information provided to this website, due to the nature of the internet, Downtown News cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the internet or while stored on its system or otherwise in its care, will be absolutely safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.
If you create an account on this website with a username and password, you are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of the website by you or any person or entity using your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you, and whether or not such person or entity is your employee or agent. You shall: (a) immediately notify Downtown News of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. If you register with Downtown News, you promise to: (a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself and your business as prompted by the website's registration form and (b) maintain and promptly update the registration data to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Downtown News has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Downtown News may suspend or terminate your account and refuse any and all current or future use of the website (or any portion thereof).
If you receive an email or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information (including your password to this website or credit card information) that seems suspicious to you, please do not provide such information, and report such request to us at http://www.ladowntownnews.com/our_newspaper/about_us/
Users
This website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13. Downtown News does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must immediately discontinue use of this website.
This website is intended for users who are located in the US. To the extent you are accessing this website from outside of the US, you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy will be interpreted under the laws of the US. If you are located outside the US, you should be aware that your Personal Information will be transferred to the US, the laws of which may be deemed by the other countries to have inadequate data protection. If you are located in a country outside the US and voluntarily submit Personal Information to Downtown News, you consent to the general use of such information as provided in this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of that information to, and/or storage of that information in, the US.
Contact Us
 
Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles.
