Request a Call Back
Call me back
One of our Travel Agents will call you back within the next 59 seconds to discuss your travel plans. By submitting your phone number, you agree to be contacted via phone and/or sms. No booking necessary. Your personal data is 100% safe .
Thank You For The Request
Please expect a call from
800-460-2945
Get A Free Quote
By providing my contact details I agree to be contacted for travel information via phone, text messages and email. No purchase necessary. We respect your privacy .
Please, visit Multi-city flights page
Why Use an Agent
24/7 Customer Service
We will be glad to assist your call any time of the day, any day of the week.
Insider Specials
Exclusive air fares, last-minute offers and much more hot deals at your fingertips.
Risk-Free Travel
Whenever you need to cancel or change your flight, we are just a phone call away.
Customized Travel Arrangements
Round-trip, multi-city, multi-stop or one-way – no itinerary is too difficult for us to handle.
Let professionals handle your next flight booking!
Hide Info
Your Discount ID
Individual Discount ID gives you an opportunity to book tickets at special discount or at exclusive price.
Eng
Effective May 25, 2018
ITN respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This policy describes ITN practices regarding personally identifiable information and data (“personal information”). This policy applies to our websites, applications, email and text messages, and social media accounts (the “Platforms”). When you use the Platforms, you agree to the terms in this policy.
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy aims to give you information on how ITN collects and processes your personal data, including any data you may provide through the Platforms when you purchase a product or service or sign up to our newsletter.
The Platforms are not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
It is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy policy or fair processing policy we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data.This privacy policy supplements other notices and privacy policies and is not intended to override them.
CONTROLLER
ITN is the controller and responsible for your personal data.
We have appointed a data protection officer (DPO) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy policy. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact the DPO using the details set out below.
CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact our DPO  in the following ways:
Full name of legal entity: International Travel Network, LLC
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES
We keep our privacy policy under regular review.
It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
THE CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
Identity Data includes [first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, title, date of birth and gender].
Contact Data includes [billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers].
Financial Data includes [bank account and payment card details].
Transaction Data includes [details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us].
Technical Data includes [internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website].
Profile Data includes [your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses].
Usage Data includes [information about how you use our website, products and services].
Marketing and Communications Data includes [your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences].
We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data could be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data will not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Platform information
When you visit the Platforms, we may collect information from you. Some of it may be personal information. This information can include search history, IP address, screen resolution, browser used, operating system and settings, access times and referring URL. If you are using a mobile device, we may also collect data that identifies your device, your settings and your location.
Booking information
If you book a travel product via the Platforms, we may need additional information from you. This information can include your name (and traveler’s if different) name, age, birthday, gender, passport number, redress control number, email address, telephone number, credit card information, billing address, itinerary and frequent flyer details.
Information
We will collect your email address, password and home airport, and other preference information you provide us.
Consumer support
If you choose to contact our consumer support services we will collect any inquires, complaint or other information that you may submit to our support team.
When you give us personal information, you are telling us that the information is true, accurate, complete and current. You are also telling us that you have the authorization to provide it to us.
We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Personal information you give to us
We collect your personal information directly from you. For example, when you provide us your personal information when you register or book travel, contact our customer support. This includes personal data you provide when you:
apply for our products or services;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you;
give us feedback or contact us.
Personal information we collect passively
We also collect your personal information passively. For example, we collect information about you over time and across different Web sites when you visit this Platform. We also use tracking tools like cookies and beacons. As you interact with our website, we will automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and other similar technologies.
Platform features may make use of your device attributes and settings that will allow us to determine your physical location. Such technologies may include IP address mapping, WiFi, GPS signals, cell tower positioning or other technologies. We use this information to enhance and personalize your experience and provide you with offers and services that may be of interest to you. For example, we may help you find your closest hotel or send you messages that may be of interest to you based on your current location.                             ITN  does not have control over your device settings, but we do recommend enabling location services on your device so you can take advantage of the location based features and functionality offered.
Personal information we receive from third parties:
We collect your personal information from third parties. This can include when you log in using a third party platform, such as Facebook. In addition, we also integrate third party software that collects information about users for security reasons.
FOR WHAT PURPOSE WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We will use your personal information in the following ways:
Improving our services
To provide you and improve our Platforms and services, to better understand the users of our Platforms and services, and to protect our property and to prevent damage to them.
Bookings
We and our travel partners use your personal information to process your bookings and store your itinerary information where applicable.
Marketing activities
We use your information for marketing purposes. These activities may include:
To send you marketing emails from a ITN address regarding our services or those of our partners, if you have opted-in to receive emails from us or have transacted with us, and as permitted by law. You can easily unsubscribe from these marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link included in the newsletter
To display more relevant advertising and recommendations, or suppress advertising and content that you might find irrelevant. This advertising might be shown to you on our Platforms as well as third party platforms (including social media sites) and include information or offers that we, or our business partners’, believe you will find interesting.Individualized advertising may be based on information collected through cookies or other tracking technologies.
If you choose to participate in promotional activities, relevant information may be used to administer these promotions.
To communicate with you, including as follows:
To send booking confirmations;
To send alerts and notifications you have subscribed to, including to your mobile device;
To solicit reviews;
To update you regarding itineraries processed by our  service;
To communicate with you if you have contacted ITN consumer support;
To send you information servicing and administrative emails;
To send you information about services, offered by ITN or our business partners, that we believe you would be interested in;
Legal purposes
In certain cases we may need to use your information to handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations and compliance or to enforce the terms of use of the service.
Performance of a contract
The use of your personal information may be necessary to perform the services and provide you products that you have requested from us. For example, if you make a booking on our Platform, we need to collect personal information from you in order to complete the booking.
Legitimate interest
We may use your personal information for our legitimate interests, such as displaying relevant advertising and recommendations and for legal purposes.
Consent
We may rely on your consent to use your data for certain direct marketing purposes. You can withdraw your consent anytime by contacting us.
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. Please contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out below.
Purpose/Activity
To register you as a new customer
Type of data
Performance of a contract with you
To process and deliver your order including:
(a) Manage payments, fees and charges
(b) Collect and recover money owed to us
Type of data
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to recover debts due to us)
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
Type of data
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
Type of data
Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy)
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
Type of data
Necessary for our legitimate interests (to develop our products/services and grow our business)
YOUR CHOICES
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data although we will get your consent before sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message
Marketing email has an opt-out URL and you can unsubscribe from such communication at any time. You cannot unsubscribe from servicing emails and administrative messages.
HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Corporate affiliates and change of control
We may share your personal information with our corporate affiliates and if ITN itself (or part of its business) is sold or otherwise changes control, owners would have access to your personal information for the uses set out herein.
Service providers
We may share your personal information with suppliers who perform services on our behalf and have agreed in writing to protect and not further disclose your information.
Payment service providers and travel vendors
If you book through the Platforms, we may share your personal information with the payment service providers and the travel vendors you have booked with. This can include online travel agencies, hotels, airlines, car rental companies, and travel insurance providers. These third parties will process your personal information as data controllers in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you contact our consumer support, they may need to share information about your request with the relevant travel vendor in order to assist you.
Business partners
We may share your personal information with various business partners. Some of these business partners may use your personal information for fraud detection found, include, but not limited, for an email address, for detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also share your information for ask our partner to create a survey, form, application, or questionnaire, for the purpose to know the degree of your satisfaction with our services. Some of these business partners may use your personal information for online behavioral advertising purposes, or to offer you services or products that we believe you may be interested in. We may also share your information as otherwise described to you at the time of collection.                             We may also share anonymous aggregated usage information with partners.
We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practice in privacy and security standards and we regularly review these standards and practices.
Trips shared by you
If you use or have itineraries as part of our Service, you can send or grant access to your itinerary to anyone you choose. Your itinerary may contain enough details (for example, booking reference codes) to allow the recipient to cancel or modify your booking, perform a check-in, etc. You should only share your itinerary with people you trust. If you choose to display your itinerary on publicly-viewable web pages (Facebook, for instance), that information may be collected and used by others.
Information shared in public
If you provide us a review of your trip, you authorize us to publish it on all our Platforms under the screen name you provided. You also authorize us to aggregate it with other reviews.
Authorities
We may disclose personal information if required by law, for example to law enforcement or other authorities. This includes court orders, subpoenas and orders arising from legal processes, and administrative or criminal investigations. We may also disclose your personal information if the disclosure is necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts or to prevent other damage, or in response to a legal action or to enforce our rights and claims.
We may also share anonymous aggregated usage information with others.
HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Our servers and data centers are located in the U.S and our service providers may be located there and in other countries. By providing us personal information, you agree that your personal information may be transferred to and stored in these countries. These countries may have different and/or less stringent privacy/data protection and data security rules than those of your own country. As a result, your personal information may be subject to access requests from governments, courts, or law enforcement in those countries according to laws in those countries. Subject to the applicable laws in such other countries, we will provide the necessary safeguards to maintain protections of your personal information, e.g. by obtaining from the data recipients contractual commitments based on the EU model clauses.
ITN has a security program intended to keep the personal information stored in our systems protected from unauthorized access and misuse. Our systems are configured with data encryption, or scrambling technologies and firewalls constructed to industry standards. We also use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology that protects the data you send over the Internet. Personal information may only be accessed by persons within our organizations, or our third parties to carry out the uses indicated in this Privacy Policy.
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
RETENTION PERIODS
We will only retain your personal data for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal data for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements.
COOKIES
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly.
OTHER WEBSITES
If you click through to third party websites or other platforms, ITN’s privacy policy does not apply.
CHILDREN
ITN does not knowingly collect personal information from minors. If we become aware that a minor is attempting to submit personal information, we will remove this information from our records. If you are the parent/legal guardian of a minor who has given us personal information, please contact us so we can delete it.
THIRD-PARTY MARKETING
We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.
OPTING OUT
You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by contacting us at any time.
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time and without prior notice. We will notify you of material changes to how we use your personal information prior to implementing them. We may notify you about such a material change by email or prominent notice on our website. By using our services and Platforms after we post these changes, you indicate you accept them.
CHANGE OF PURPOSE
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data.
Request access
to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction
of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure
of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing
of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction
of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios:
If you want us to establish the data’s accuracy.
Where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it.
Where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
You have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer
of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent
at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.
NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we could refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it could take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
ITN USES TRACKING TOOLS SUCH AS COOKIES
We (or our suppliers) use several common tracking tools. We use these tools to collect usage and demographic information about you over time and across different Web sites when you use our Platforms. We also have third parties (e.g. advertisers) that collect personal information this way. Tools we use may include browser cookies. Your browser will store these cookies on your computer in a small file.
We and our advertising partners may also use web beacons (single pixel GIF images). These web beacons are placed in the code of a Web page or an email newsletter. When you access a partner site within our mobile applications, we may track your activity on that site.
By using the Platforms, you give us your free, unambiguous and informed consent to the use of any of the cookies and tracking tools mentioned in this policy.
ITN uses tracking tools for following purposes
To track new visitors to the Platforms.
To help us recognize your browser as a previous visitor. This includes saving and remembering any preferences that may have been set while your browser was visiting the Platforms, such as language.
To make use of cross-device tracking in order to optimize our advertising activities. As part of cross-device tracking, ITN may combine information collected from a particular browser or mobile device with another computer or device linked to the computer or device from which the information was collected. By changing your cookie settings on your device you can change your cross-device tracking settings for advertising purposes.
To work with online advertising companies to display targeted advertising on our Platforms and third party platforms that you visit. This targeting may be based on information you submit on our Platforms or third party platforms. This targeting may also be based on your activities or behaviors on our Platforms or those of third parties. We may also obtain information about your browsing history from our business partners.
To track when you book on partner websites.
To help improve our website offering and for capacity planning purposes. We or our third party service providers may set analytics cookies. These allow us to gather aggregated or segmented information about the types of visitors that access our Platforms and the pages and advertisements that they view. In order to better understand your use of our Platforms, we or our third party service providers may collect information on such use, including pages visited, links clicked and mouse movements. We do not use this information to personally identify you.
HOW YOU CAN CONTROL TRACKING TOOLS AND OPT-OUT OF ONLINE BEHAVIORAL ADVERTISING
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How to do this varies from browser to browser. You should view the Help menu on the browser you use for further information. Your opt out choice is stored in opt out cookies only in that browser, so you should separately set your preferences for other browsers, computers, or devices you may use. If your browser blocks cookies, your opt out preferences may not be effective. Deleting browser cookies can remove your opt out preferences, so you should visit this page periodically to review your preferences. If you block or delete cookies or opt out of online behavioral advertising, not all of the tracking that we have described in this policy will stop.
Please also note that opting out of a third party cookie does not mean that you will no longer receive or be subject to online advertising or marketing. It means that the third party service from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and online behavioral.
We may also use Google Analytics to collect demographic and interest data about you (such as age, gender, and interests), including through Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. We may use the information collected about you through Google Analytics for Google services such as Remarketing with Google Analytics and Google Display Network Impression Reporting. Choices you make are browser and device specific. Some aspects of our site use cookies to function. You may not be able to use these features if you set your device to block cookies.
HOW ITN RESPONDS TO “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS
Some browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we are not currently set up to respond to those signals.
See What Our Clients Say
9.4 /10
Subscribe to Get Unpublished Deals by Email or SMS.
gmail.com
yahoo.com
hotmail.com
aol.com
outlook.com
comcast.net
icloud.com
mail.com
yandex.com
inbox.com
800-460-2945
Authorized Airline Travel Agency Since 2001
24/7/365 Excellent Service Provided by 850 Live Travel Agents
Concierge Service Helps to Save Time, Money and Simplify Flight
© 2018             International Travel Network. All rights reserved.CST 2077868-40;              Last modified:                             Thu, 13 Sep 2018 17:20
* Disclaimer
2
Choose
3
Book
securely and enjoy your upcoming trip!
Over 850 Live travel agents are standing by ready to provide you with excellent service! Lowest price guaranteed
Call Now
Request a Call Back
By providing my contact details I agree to be contacted for travel information via phone, text messages and email. No purchase necessary. We respect your privacy .
Get A Free Quote
Why use travel agents
24/7 Customer Service
We will be glad to assist your call any time of the day, any day of the week.
Insider Specials
Exclusive air fares, last-minute offers and much more hot deals at your fingertips.
Risk-Free Travel
Whenever you need to cancel or change your flight, we are just a phone call away.
Customized Travel Arrangements
Round-trip, multi-city, multi-stop or one-way – no itinerary is too difficult for us to handle.
Let professionals handle your next flight booking!
up to
Join Our List & Get:
Group and Family Discounts
Last-minute and Peak-season Deals
Subscribe to our FREE Newsletters and/or SMS to Catch Your Great Deal!
gmail.com
yahoo.com
hotmail.com
aol.com
outlook.com
comcast.net
icloud.com
mail.com
yandex.com
inbox.com
Choose your Travel Destination:
Please select one or more destinations to receive our exclusive promos and deals:
Anywhere
Europe
Africa
Asia
Philippines
Oceania
Please go to your inbox and confirm subscription.
We've sent an email to confirm your subscription. In case you didn’t receive a confirmation email please contact us at newsletter@asaptickets.com.
Follow us:
