Prescription Return Policy
We are prevented by law from accepting returns for any prescription medication. If you need to dispose of any medication, please follow the steps in this link: Drug Disposal Information
Over the Counter Return Policy
If you are not 100% satisfied with your Over the Counter purchase, we will be happy to accept a return for a full refund. You can return your non-prescription purchase for up to 90 days from the purchase date, with no restocking fees. Products must be unopened, in the condition you received them, and in the original box. If there is a problem with your product, please don't worry about sending it back to the manufacturer, we'll take care of it for you.
For safety concerns, we cannot accept returns for refrigerated items or items deemed hazardous by HealthWarehouse.com. Examples of such items may include, but are not limited to:
Insulin
Test Strips
If you have any questions please contact our customer service department at 1-800-748-7001 option 1.
How To Return An Item
If you need to return an item, please log in to your account . On the left side of your screen, please click on the "Return Authorization" link. You may then click on the green "New Request" button to initiate a new Returns Authorization.
From the drop down box, please select the appropriate order from which you wish to return items. You may then check the boxes for the items you wish to return as well as indicate the quantity of each item to be returned. The next step is to indicate the desired resolution (Exchange or Refund) as well as indicate the condition of the items to be returned. Please then indicate the reason for your return. Once complete, click on the "Submit Request" to complete your Returns request.
Please be sure to click on the "Print Returns Authorization" link to print out a physical copy of your Returns request to be included with the items you are returning. Any returns received without a Returns Authorization request form may be delayed in processing. Please package the products being returned in a box or envelope (whichever best protects the product from damage) along with your printed Returns Authorization request. You may use your original envelope or box if it is still in good condition. Please address the package to:
HealthWarehouse.com
Accredited & Certified In All 50 States
Healthwarehouse.com is a VIPPS accredited pharmacy based in Florence, Kentucky. We're licensed and/or authorized to sell prescriptions in all 50 states and the District of Columbia and have become America's Most Trusted Online Pharmacy since 2008. For more information about how we're revolutionizing pharmacy, one prescription at a time, click here
Shop Over The Counter Products
We're Here to Help You Feel Great
Browse our extensive selection of health and wellness products. Popular categories include:
Our Happy Customers
“I have only great things to say about your company. Every experience has been easy, professional, and prompt. Your prices are good and you are always there to remind me of needed prescription orders. Great communication. I ev...”
Robin G. 
“Always helpful and order arrives quickly and accurately. Highly recommend this pharmacy service!”
Joan M.  Phoenix, AZ.
“The customer service I received was excellent. My situation was kind of unique and I did a live chat with Ryan (I think that was his name) and he was so helpful and took care of everything for me. I received my order timely a...”
VIPPS Accredited & Certified
HealthWarehouse.com is a VIPPS accredited pharmacy based in Florence, Kentucky. We're licensed and/or authorized to sell prescriptions in all 50 states and the District of  Columbia and have become America’s Trusted Online Pharmacy since 2008. For more information about how we’re revolutionizing pharmacy, one prescription at a time, click here .
