Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Accredited & Certified In All 50 States
Healthwarehouse.com is a VIPPS accredited pharmacy based in Florence, Kentucky. We're licensed and/or authorized to sell prescriptions in all 50 states and the District of Columbia and have become America's Most Trusted Online Pharmacy since 2008. For more information about how we're revolutionizing pharmacy, one prescription at a time, click here
Shop Over The Counter Products
We're Here to Help You Feel Great
Browse our extensive selection of health and wellness products. Popular categories include:
Our Happy Customers
“I have only great things to say about your company. Every experience has been easy, professional, and prompt. Your prices are good and you are always there to remind me of needed prescription orders. Great communication. I ev...”
Robin G. 
“Always helpful and order arrives quickly and accurately. Highly recommend this pharmacy service!”
Joan M.  Phoenix, AZ.
“The customer service I received was excellent. My situation was kind of unique and I did a live chat with Ryan (I think that was his name) and he was so helpful and took care of everything for me. I received my order timely a...”
VIPPS Accredited & Certified
HealthWarehouse.com is a VIPPS accredited pharmacy based in Florence, Kentucky. We're licensed and/or authorized to sell prescriptions in all 50 states and the District of Columbia and have become America’s Trusted Online Pharmacy since 2008. For more information about how we’re revolutionizing pharmacy, one prescription at a time, click here .
