Cookie Policy
Visiting ebay.co.ke with your browser settings adjusted to accept cookies tells us that you want to use eBay Kenya products and services and that you consent to our use of cookies and other technologies to provide them to you as described in this notice
What are cookies?
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. Different websites can each send their own cookies to your browser if your preferences allow it. Your browser only allows a site to access the cookies it sent to you, not the cookies sent by other sites. You can configure your browser to accept or reject cookies. All browsers are different, so go to the help section of your browser to find out how to do this. A beacon is used in connection with cookies to gain an understanding of how a websites’ users navigate through and process the content contained in the site.
To better understand your use of the ebay.co.ke site we work with third-party cookie providers such as Google Analytics, who place cookies and beacons on your computer to collect information on our behalf. When you sign in to ebay.co.ke, a cookie containing a value that uniquely identifies you to ebay.co.ke is sent to your browser and stored on your computer’s hard drive. None of your secure information, such as credit card and payment details or password, is collected by these cookies. However, we use the cookies and beacons to collect the following information: visits, page views, average time on site, referrals. All information collected by these cookies is sent to ebay.co.ke by secure connection. These third party providers are prohibited from using our data for any other purposes. All information will be retained as long as necessary.
We also use cookies for additional purposes including:
Enable you to enter your password less frequently.
Provide information that is targeted to your interests.
Promote and enforce trust and safety.
Offer certain features that are only available through the use of cookies.
Analyse our site traffic.
There are two classes of Cookies based on how long they remain on your system: (i) “Session Cookies” may be used only during your visit to ebay.co.ke and are erased once you close your browser, and (ii) “Persistent Cookies” (if applicable) remain on your browser for one 6 months from your last visit to ebay.co.ke and enable us to remember you on subsequent visits.
We also collect your data for Google Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings.
Use and disclosure of personal information
As stated above, we collect information from you via registration, server logs, and cookies. You may also choose to post information to other areas of the site. ebay.co.ke retains user-posted content (such as messages or other information you post to the site) as long as it deems necessary.
We may link user-posted information to the other information we collect and use this data to analyze trends, administer the site, track users’ movements around the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base. We do this in order to improve our service and build a better site for you to use.
ebay.co.ke works with partners. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of partner or other sites. We encourage you to be aware and to read the privacy policies of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy policy applies only to information collected on ebay.co.ke. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of partner or other sites.
Third Party Advertisers and Cookies
We have relationships with third-party advertising companies to drive traffic to and to serve ads on ebay.co.ke. We share Clickstream Data and Non-Personally Identifiable Information with such advertising companies. Such companies may also collect non-personally identifiable information through the use of Cookies and other technology and any personally identifiable information you may choose to give in registering and transacting with any website linked to such ads. Although we choose our business partners and clients carefully, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of these third-party advertisers to determine how they handle any information they collect from you.
Voluntary Information
We may ask for further information about you as part of online surveys or if you enter any competition or other promotional feature. This information will be used to enable us to improve the relevant publication, product or service and may also be disclosed to other companies as specified in the relevant promotion.
Access to Data
Under the Data Protection Act 1988, you have the right to be told what personal information we hold about you on our databases.
Contact
Privacy Policy
eBay Kenya collects personal data as provided to us during the registration process.
eBay Kenya also collects personal data from other parts of the website as required.
eBay Kenya may hold personal data relating to transactions the user enters into with ourselves and/or our suppliers. Please do not supply your personal data to us if you do not wish us to collect it.
eBay Kenya may also ask for other data so that we can obtain a better understanding of our users’ requirements, and by using the site you are authorising us to share this information with selected partners and third parties.
Cookie technology is used to monitor the users’ use of eBay Kenya, and this, in turn, is used to help us provide a better service. There are two classes of Cookies based on how long they remain on your system: (i) “Session Cookies” may be used only during your visit to the site and are erased once you close your browser, and (ii) “Persistent Cookies” (if applicable) remain on your browser for up to six months from your last visit to the site and enable us to remember you on subsequent visits.
There are many misconceptions about Cookies. Cookies cannot erase your hard drive or otherwise damage your computer, nor do they allow us to collect information stored on your computer.
A useful resource on understanding Cookies, including information on how to disable Cookies on your browser, can be found at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
eBay Kenya may use personal information about the user to build up a profile of the users’ interests and preferences.
By entering this site or responding to an advertisement the user will consent to eBay Kenya processing personal data, and is deemed to have accepted all of the terms above and acknowledge that we will be processing their personal data.
Our Web site uses ad servers to serve the advertisements that you see on pages of our Web site. That partner uses cookies to help target ads to you. To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practices and the opt-out procedures generally.
Today’s Popular Searches
© eBay Kenya 2018
