Privacy Policy
Adaware Privacy Policy
Adaware is a leading actor within the IT security field. We make every effort to protect the privacy of the users of the Adaware web sites, software, and mobile apps (we refer to these Adaware offerings throughout our policy as “Adaware Sites”). Among other things, in this privacy policy, we inform you of what type of personal information that we collect about you when you use the Adaware Sites. We describe the limited purposes for which we collect, process and share your personal information. And we provide information on your rights to the information that you provide us.
 
Collection and Use of Personal Information
 
Customer Products and Support Details:
When you purchase any Adaware software products or services, we collect certain personal information about you and the products that you have purchased, including:
Your name
Your e-mail address, and
Your product License number
We will use this information to send you user information about the specific Adaware software products and services that you hold a license for, including:
Notices when the license is about to expire and
Software update information.
If you contact us for product support, we will maintain account notes on your product license number, hardware and the type of problems that you are experiencing. This helps us to track issues that you are experiencing and to further enhance our support for you.
Please note that certain support services offered through the Adaware Sites are not provided by Adaware, but by Adaware recommended support service providers. These support service providers can only collect and process your personal information to carry out the services we have asked them to do. They are required to meet both legal and industry standards to ensure that your data is protected. For more information about our service providers and partners with whom we share information, please see our section below on Sharing Personal Information With Other Companies .
User Account and Contact Information:
If you choose to participate in our online forums, centers and communities (such as MyAdaware and the Adaware Beta Center), or if you request online support for any Adaware software products, we will ask you to create a user account with us.
For each user account, we maintain the following information:
Your name
Your e-mail address, and
Your country of residence.
This helps us to:
Provide you services and support that relate to your account with us,
Send password reminders at your request,
Oversee our on-line community offerings, and
Alert you of events relating to your participation in the relevant forum, center or community.
Note that we use InvisionCommunity.com to host our forums. Please refer to the InvisionCommunity privacy policy to understand how they may collect data you post on the forums. You can access their policy here: https://invisioncommunity.com/legal/privacy .
Name and E-mail Address:
If you have subscribed to Adaware newsletters, press releases and/or special offers, or if you enroll in the Adaware referral program, Adaware will ask you to provide:
Your name
Your e-mail address
 
Payment Information:
If you submit an on-line order for any Adaware software products or services through an Adaware online store, you will be asked to provide certain personal information to complete the purchase. This includes:
Your name
Your credit card details
Please note that the Adaware on-line stores are operated by a third party e-commerce service provider, upclick.com . Upclick.com’s privacy policy will apply for any personal information that you provide through the Adaware online stores. They also may maintain personal information that you provide them in connection with the purchase of Adaware software products and/or services. We encourage you to review the upclick.com privacy policy, which can be found here: https://www.upclick.com/privacy.html .
Job Applicants:
 
URLs of Flagged Websites:
 
Data Trackers, Including Cookies and Web Beacons : "Cookies" are minor text files that are placed in your computer's browser and store your preferences.
Adaware Cookies: Adaware uses cookies to understand how the Adaware Sites are being used and to improve the Adaware Sites content and offerings.
Cookies do not provide Adaware with any personal information, however, if you provide Adaware with personal information through the Adaware Sites or elsewhere, that information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.
Adaware may use cookies to personalize your experience at the Adaware Sites (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to our site or to remember, at your request, your user name and/or password for certain user accounts). Adaware may further use cookies to create personalized offers for products and/or services.
 
Third Party Cookies: Adaware uses Google Analytics, a web analytic service provided by Google, Inc. that uses cookies to analyze how our users use the Adaware Sites. The information generated by these cookies about your use of the website (including your IP IP Address: “An Internet Protocol address (IP address) is a numerical label assigned to each device connected to a computer network that uses the Internet Protocol for communication.” address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States according to Google’s privacy policy, which is subject to revision. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. For more information about Google's privacy policy click here .
Sensitive Personal Information:
Adaware does not collect any sensitive personal information through the Adaware Sites. We do not collect your social security number, credit card number or other personally identifiable financial information. However please note that some of Adaware's service providers and partners, such as our e-commerce partners, may collect such personal information in connection with activities that are initiated by you through the Adaware Sites. Those providers and partners are legally restricted as to how they may use your personal information obtained through Adaware. Adaware limits what personal information we collect and process through the Adaware Sites and we will not share this information with any third party except for the purposes specified by this privacy policy. For more information about our service providers and partners with whom we share information, please see our section below on Sharing Personal Information With Other Companies.
Information That Does No Longer Identifies You:
Through some of the Adaware Sites and products, we collect certain data in order to improve our Sites and offerings, including for research and analysis and to protect our users. We make sure, however, that the data we collect keeps you anonymous and cannot be used to identify you. Some examples are:
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Sharing Information for Business Purposes:
From time to time, Adaware needs to share some of your personal information with companies that help us to run our business. The information we provide them is limited. We share with them only what they need to perform the services they carry out for us. And they are required by agreement to keep any and all personal information we provide them strictly confidential. These service providers have no rights whatsoever to use any personal information we provide them in any way other than for the purpose for which send it to them. Accordingly, these service providers are not allowed to use your personal information for direct marketing purposes or to share with any other third parties. Further, the Adaware service providers are required to meet both legal and industry standards to ensure that your data is protected.
These other companies include:
Hosting service providers that help us run the Adaware Sites;
 
Sharing Information in Case of Change in Ownership: Adaware may need to share your information should there be a change in our company ownership.
In the event that we sell Adaware, Ltd. or the Adaware Sites, we may disclose your personal information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If Adaware or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, your personal data held by Adaware will be one transferred. This includes a merger, acquisition, sale, bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, or other change of control.
Sharing Information to Meet Legal Requirements:
Adaware may be required by law to disclose or share your personal information. For instance,
In order to comply with any legal obligation or legal request, such as a subpoena;
To investigate and respond to third-party claims or allegations; or
In order to enforce or apply Adaware’s terms of use or terms and conditions and other agreements.
Other Reasons We May Share Information:
 
 
 
 
 
 
Information Collected By Third Party Web Search Providers:
The web search services offered on the Adaware web sites are provided by other companies: Codefuel and Microsoft. For information on their data collection, please visit their privacy statements.
The Codefuel privacy policy can be found at: https://www.codefuel.com/legal/end_user_privacy_policy .
The Microsoft Bing privacy policy can be found at: http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839 Both companies may update their policies from time to time. If we change web search providers, we will update this privacy policy to include information on the new company.
Security of Personal Information
We take appropriate technical, physical, administrative and managerial procedures, and employ security measures and safeguards to protect personal information that is stored on our servers.
Where Adaware has given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Adaware Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone. If you believe your password or account has been compromised, you should notify Adaware immediately.
 
How Long We Maintain Your Personal Information
 
Transfers of Personal Information To Different Countries
We primarily store information about our visitors, members, and customers in the Canada. However, we may transfer your personal information across national borders to other countries in compliance with applicable laws. For instance, as discussed under Third Party Cookies ,” our analytics provider stores data in the United States. If you are a European resident, we transfer your data based European Commission-based Standard Contractual Clauses.
Your Ability to Access and Control Your Data
 
In order to keep your personal information accurate, Adaware depends on you to amend your user account(s) to include updated contact details. You may update your user account by accessing it electronically through the Adaware Sites.
You have certain rights to access and control your data under the law of some countries. This includes the right to:
If you wish to learn more about what personal information Adaware maintains and/or to which third parties such personal Information has been provided, please contact us . Adaware will make reasonable efforts to respond to your request within one (1) month.
If you are an E.U. resident and you have a dispute about how we are handling your personal information, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority to enforce your rights. You can contact Adaware’s lead supervisory at: dpo@adaware.com .
Please note that if you request that Adaware delete personal information relating to you, you may no longer be able to continue to pursue certain activities at the Adaware Sites and/or to otherwise use the full functionality of the Adaware Sites.
Access the personal information that you provide us and that we maintain;
Restrict processing while we review any concerns you may have over the accuracy of the personal information we maintain;
Object to
Direct marketing, and
Decisions based exclusively on automated processing, such as profiling, so long as the decision does not impact our ability to enter or perform our contract services for you or is not based on your explicit consent;
Withdraw your consent in instances where we must have your consent to contact you; and
Transfer, or port, your personal information that you provided us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at:
7075 Place Robert Joncas,
 
 
California Privacy Rights
 
Children's Privacy
 
Amendments of this Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will be updated by Adaware on a regular basis. We therefore recommend that you check the privacy policy periodically for modifications. Adaware will indicate when the privacy policy has been updated by noting the "Last updated" date at the bottom of this page.
Last updated: July 2018
Blog
Our everyday activities are littered with advertisements of all types: in physical spaces like bus...
