General
Records received by the State of North Dakota from web sites are subject to the same controls and uses as records collected by governmental offices visited in person. This agency provides security for information provided to it and it does not sell information it receives. We may be required to disclose collected information pursuant to a court order. In addition, we may be authorized to share this information with other state agencies for purposes of child support enforcement, law enforcement, collection of debts owed to the State or its political subdivisions and any other purpose authorized by law. Information not specifically addressed in this policy must be disclosed pursuant to the North Dakota Open Records Law.
Web Site Security
In order to protect the information being gathered this site has security measures in place including firewalls, encryption, and authenticated access to internal databases where needed.
In order to ensure the security of all personal information collected from customers, that information will be encrypted when being transmitted across the web. This includes, but is not limited to names, addresses, phone numbers, birth dates, social security numbers, financial information, credit card information, and any passwords.
Domain Information
Log analysis tools are used to create summary statistics, used for administering the performance of the web sites, diagnosis of problems and determining which information is of most interest to the public. The following information is collected for analysis only:
User Client hostname - the hostname and/or IP address if DNS is disabled of the user/client requesting access.
HTTP header, "user-agent" - the user-agent information includes the type of browser, its version, and the operating system it's running on.
HTTP header, "referrer" - The referrer specifies the page from which the client accessed the current page.
System date - The date and time of the user/client request.
Status - The status code the server returned to the user/client.
Content length - The content length, in bytes, of the document sent to the user/client.
Method - The request method used.
Protocol - The transport protocol and version used.
Personal Information
Credit card numbers collected through a web application, will not be stored or retained in any manner. The information will be gathered and passed on through an intermediate software company, and a unique transaction number will be returned and stored as proof of acceptance.
E-mail addresses will be collected from an application only if a response is necessary to verify purchases or if there is a need to correspond with customers.
If during your visit to our site you send an e-mail, the e-mail address will be collected as a means to reply to you. We may forward your message to another agency for appropriate action.
Cookies will be used under specific conditions. A cookie is a text file stored on customers PC to maintain an uninterrupted transaction with the application. There are two types of cookies, a memory cookie and a hard cookie. Memory cookies will be deleted at the end of the session. Memory cookies are specifically used when purchasing products or services through the web. Hard cookies will remain on the PC after the session is ended. Hard cookies are generally used for keeping your personal options for viewing the site.
Retention of Information
The information collected on this site is retained in accordance with the Record Retention Schedules developed by this office.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, please contact us .
Copyright © 2016 Office of Governor, State of North Dakota
600 East Boulevard Avenue Bismarck, ND 58505-0100
Phone: 701.328.2200 Fax: 701.328.2205
