Privacy policy
Thank you for visiting the North Dakota Insurance Department website. Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit the North Dakota Insurance Department website (www.nd.gov/ndins), unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.
When you visit the www.nd.gov/ndins portal, the web server automatically recognizes only the internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.
In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved, and your personal information is not identified.
Google Analytics is used to help analyze how users use the site. This analytical tool uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitor's use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity.
We will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool.
Request for information or response:
If you choose to share personal information, such as by sending a message or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of North Dakota's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law. Please note that North Dakota's public records law requires that all information received in connection with state business be made available to anyone upon request, unless the information is subject to a specific statutory exemption.
If you have other questions about this privacy policy, or have suggestions on how it may be improved, please feel free to contact us at 701-328-2440.
North Dakota Insurance Department
600 E. Boulevard Ave.
