The privacy of our visitors to NPINo.com is important to us. At NPINo.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit NPINo.com, and how we safeguard your information. We never sell your personal information to third parties.
Log Files
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site.
Cookies and Web Beacons
We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums. We also use third party advertisements on NPINo.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).
DoubleClick DART cookies
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests ("interest based targeting"). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history (For example, if you have been viewing sites about visiting Las Vegas, you may see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as on a site about hockey). DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
Email Addresses
When you make a comment or contact us using the contact page your email id is required. Please be assured that your email address will only be used for responding to your email or comment and will never be made publicly available. We will never sell your email address to any third parties, ever.
Comments Policy
The author does not assume responsibility over comments he did not make on this blog. While comments are welcome from anybody, we reserve the right to remove any comment that is not deemed suitable for publication. This could include but is not limited to objectional and abusive comments. Hate, racist comments, or any other form of prejudice will be removed and the poster will be banned! Comments made for sole purpose of getting backlinks or advertising your/any product will not be accepted. Link to third party website will require moderation and we reserve the rights to edit/delete such links. Spam in any form will not be accepted and will be deleted immediately. We may take action against such spammers.
Copyrights
Supreme caution has been taken to make sure that there are no copyright infringements in terms of the multimedia content and the subject matter that is posted in this blog. If you find anything that could be considered a violation of the copyright norms, please contact us immediately at info {@} npino {.} com
NPI Number
The National Provider Identifier (NPI) is a unique identification number for covered health care providers (doctors, dentists, chiropractors, nurses and other medical staff). The NPI is a 10-digit, intelligence-free numeric identifier. This means that the numbers do not carry other information about healthcare providers, such as the state in which they live or their medical specialty.  The NPI must be used in lieu of legacy provider identifiers in the HIPAA standards transactions. Covered health care providers and all health plans and health care clearing houses must use the NPIs in the administrative and financial transactions adopted under HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act).
NPI benefits the medical industry and public in general by providing standard unique health identifiers for health care providers, health care plans, and employers and provides simple electronic transmission of HIPAA standard transactions.
You can look for your medical service provider on our website free of cost. Just search for the specialization of the doctor and filter results via state and cities to get full information on the healthcare provider.
What is a NPI Number? : The National Provider Identifier (NPI) is a unique identification number for covered health care providers. The NPI is a 10-position, intelligence-free numeric identifier (10-digit number). This means that the numbers do not carry other information about healthcare providers, such as the state in which they live or their medical specialty. The NPI must be used in lieu of legacy provider identifiers in the HIPAA standards transactions. Covered health care providers and all health plans and health care clearinghouses must use the NPIs in the administrative and financial transactions adopted under HIPAA (Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act).
Where NPI should be used? : The NPI must be used in place of legacy provider identifiers, such as a Unique Provider Identification Number (UPIN), Online Survey Certification & Reporting (OSCAR) and National Supplier Clearinghouse (NSC) in HIPAA standard transactions. There are two categories of health care providers for NPI enumeration purposes. Entity Type 1 providers are individual providers who render health care (e.g., physicians, dentists, nurses). Sole proprietors and sole proprietorships are Entity Type 1 (Individual) providers. Organization health care providers (e.g., hospitals, home health agencies, ambulance companies) are considered Entity Type 2 (Organization) providers.
Who must obtain NPI? : All health care providers who are HIPAA-covered entities, whether they are individuals (e.g., physicians, nurses, dentists, chiropractors, physical therapists, or pharmacists) or organizations (e.g., hospitals, home health agencies, clinics, nursing homes, residential treatment centers, laboratories, ambulance companies, group practices, Health Maintenance Organizations [HMOs], suppliers of durable medical equipment, pharmacies) must obtain an NPI. The NPI will be used by HIPAA-covered entities (e.g., health plans, health care clearinghouses, and certain health care providers) to identify health care providers in HIPAA standard transactions. A covered health care provider, under HIPAA, is any health care provider who transmits health information in electronic form in connection with a transaction for which the Secretary of Health and Human Services has adopted a standard, even if the health care provider uses a business associate to do so.
