This web page represents a legal document and is the Privacy  Policy for iMyFone  Technology Co., Ltd and our website ( www.imyfone.com ) as required by European General Data Protection  Regulation (GDPR).  By using our Website, Software or Mobile app you agree to fully comply with and be bound by the following policy each time you use our Website, Software or  Mobile app. Please review the following terms carefully.     
Definitions
The terms "us", "we", and "our" refer to iMyFone Technology Co., Ltd, Our wetsite ( www.imyfone.com ), the owner of this  Website. A "Visitor" is someone who merely browses our Website.  A “Member” is someone who has registered with our Software to use our Services. The term “User” is a collective identifier that refers to a Visitor, a Member or someone who has downloaded our Mobile app to use our Services.
This Privacy Notice describes the types of information we collect or  receive, how we may use that information. The information we collect includes  personal information and non-personal information, as such terms are defined  below.
The Privacy Notice also describes the measures we take to protect the  security of the personal information. We also tell you how you can reach us to  ask us to (i) access, change or not use the personal information you have  provided to us, (ii) withdraw any consent you previously provided to us, and  (iii) answer any questions you may have about our privacy practices.
Your Consent
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this  information by us as set forth in our Privacy Statement and amended from time  to time. If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those  changes on this page so that you are always kept informed of what data we  collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please  check this page for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our  latest privacy practices.
Your Privacy
We are  committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to  provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a  responsible manner. That's why we have put a policy in place to protect your  personal information. You may always visit our site and browse without giving  us any personal information. Please read on for more details about our privacy  practices.
Our Collection and Use of  Personal Information
Personal  information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single  person. You may choose to provide personal information to us when you use our  website. Because we change our features from time to time, the options you have  to provide us with personal information also may change, but here are some  examples of situations in which you may decide to provide personal information  to us:
Contacting us for any reason, such as by email,  including for technical support or customer service;
Using our website or services when personal  information is required for use or participation.
The personal information  we collect from you will vary depending on the service you are using, the site  you are visiting, and how you access it. However, the personal information you  provide generally may include the following:
Email address, full name, zip code, country,  phone number (which may include mobile phone number), your billing address and  other payment information, depending on how you purchase a product from us;
Details of any requests or transactions you make  through the Services. All payment information you submit is collected and used  by our payment processors in accordance with their privacy policies. We do not  store your payment information apart from the last four digits of your account,  expiration date, and country, which we require for tax, government regulatory,  and security purposes;
Information about your activity on and  interaction with www.imyfone.com (such as your IP address, the type of device or  browser you use, and your actions on the site); and
Communications you send to us (for example, when  you ask for support, send us questions or comments, or report a problem).
Because we  directly ask you to provide personal information in these cases, you often will  be able to tell from our specific requests what types of information we receive  from you. We collect this information for reasons such as:
To understand your needs and provide you with a  better service.
To supply to you services purchased via the  website, and to process your payments.
For statistical purposes and analysis for  management purposes in order to administer the website or improve our products  and services.
Internal record keeping, and administrative  purposes, and to inform you about our events, services or products, or other  related information that we think would be of interest to you, as explained  above.
To communicate marketing messages, newsletters  and details of our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third  parties which we think may be of interest to you by post or email or similar  technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing  communications).
From time to time, we may also use your  information to contact you for market research purposes or to customise the  website according to your interests.
Our Collection and Use of  Non-Personal Information
We also collect  non-personal information − data in a form that does not permit direct  association with any specific individual. We may collect, use and process  non-personal information for service improving purposes. For example, when you  use our website, we may collect data from and about the "commercial electronic mail messages" and "transactional or relationship messages" (as such terms are defined in the CAN-SPAM Act  (15 U.S.C. 7702 et. seq.) that are sent to your email accounts. We collect such  commercial transactional messages so that we can better understand the behavior of the senders of such messages, and better understand new spam techniques to  improve our products and services.
Information Collected by  Automated Means
We may obtain  certain personal and non-personal information by automated means when you visit  our sites. The type of information we collect by automated means may vary, but  generally includes technical information about your device, such as IP address  or other device identifier. The information we collect also may include usage  information and statistics about your interaction with our website. That  information may include the URLs of our web pages that you visited, URLs of  referring and exiting pages, page views, time spent on a page, number of  clicks, platform type, and other information about how you used our website.
In cases where  you use a mobile device to access our sites, we will receive information about  the location of your device. In some cases, even if you are not using a mobile  device, information about your general location may be discernable from your  device's IP address or the URLs we receive.
We use  information we collect by automated means to understand our users and to  determine their preferences. As a result, we can develop and deliver new or  modified offerings, that are improved with our users' preferences in mind.
Here are some  of the types of automated data collection that may occur when you use our  sites:
Web Browsers
When you visit  our website, your browser automatically sends us your Internet protocol ("IP")  address so that the web pages you request can be sent to your computer or  device. We use your IP address to determine additional information, such as  whether the computer or device has ever been used to visit our site before,  which site features were used most often, and how much time was spent on a  page.
Cookies
Please refer to  our Cookie Policy page for more information about cookie collection and usage.
Can We Access or Does iMyFone  Server Store the Personal Data on Your Device after You Use Our Software or Mobile App?
Our services  help you manage, recover or erase data of your iOS devices. The data stored on  your computer through iTunes or the data stored on iCloud are also involved. We do not  collect or store any of these data on our server. These data will only be  stored on your computer unless you grant permission to share them with us  otherwise we have no access to them.
Sharing of Information
We may share  information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy  Policy:
With vendors, credit card processors, customer  system managers and other service providers who assist us in operating our  website, conducting our business, or providing Services to you, so long as  those third parties agree to keep this information confidential in accordance  with European Union's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR");
In response to a request for information if we  believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law,  regulation or legal process;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with  our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety  of iMyFone Technology Co., Ltd or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of,  any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a  portion of our business by another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
Your Choices
In certain cases, you may have choices about how we use and disclose your personal  information. For example, we will ask you before we use your personal  information for any purpose incompatible with those purposes identified in this  Notice.
You can also  choose not to give us the information we request, as described in the "Information You Provide to Us" section of this Notice. In some cases, if you  decide not to provide information, we will not be able to provide you with  access to the site you requested, or we may not be able to provide you with the  service, feature or information you requested.
In some cases,  you can stop or limit the information we collect by automated means. Please  review the sections of this Notice titled "Information Collected by Automated  Means" to learn more about how you may be able to stop or limit our receipt of  that information.
You may also  exercise and amend your choices by sending an email to us as specified in the "How to Contact Us" section below.
How We Protect Personal  Information
We have  implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from  accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.  All information you provide to us is stored on secure servers behind firewalls.
Unfortunately,  the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure.  Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot  guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website;  any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information,  we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent  unauthorized access.
Links to Other Sites
Our Website  provides links to other website. We do not control, and are not responsible for,  the content or practices of these other website. Our provision of such links  does not constitute our endorsement of these other website, their content,  their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these  other website, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may  have. You should use caution and review the privacy policies of any web sites,  services or third-party providers that you visit from our website or our  products to learn more about their information practices, which may be  significantly different from ours
Children's Privacy
We do not  direct our website to children, and we do not knowingly collect personal  information from children. If we become aware that we have inadvertently  received personal information from a user who is under the age of thirteen, we  will delete the information from our records.
Updates to Our Privacy  Notice
This Privacy  Notice may be updated periodically to you to reflect changes in our information  practices or relevant laws. We will indicate at the top of the Notice when it  was updated. Please review this Notice any time you access or use our sites to  make sure you have reviewed the most recent version.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this  Privacy Notice or if you would like us to update information we have about you  or your preferences, please contact us at support@imyfone.com .
