Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
 
When you use webpages run by L.G.Harris & Co. Ltd. or you are in contact with us by receiving our newsletters, promotions or purchase merchandise from us we will process personal data about you.
 
 
General data, identity and contact information (such as name, email address, address, phone number)
Payment data (such as credit card number)
Purchase data in our internet store
 
 
To send out marketing material, newsletters and provide information about our business.
To answer a request from you, which is based on legitimate interests. 
The preparation, administration and execution of a purchase order from you.
 
 
 
 
 
 
EXAMPLES:
(b) The processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you, as necessary to maintain the supply of painting tools and associated products.
(c) The processing is necessary to comply with any legal obligations
 
 
 
The personal data is collected directly from you:
Through an opt in option on this website
 
 
6.    Transfer of personal data
 
We also use data processors who process personal data on our behalf and only after instruction, examples of these processors are those who help fulfill orders, deliver packages, sending postal mail and email, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments and suppliers of IT systems or applications, agencies and data process companies, when such data processors are used we enter into an agreement to ensure sufficient information security.
 
7.    Your rights
You have the right to gain access and to rectify or erase personal data, and to restrict or object to processing, or request transfer of personal data to another party (data portability), if certain requirements are fulfilled.
You have a right to lodge a complaint relating to the personal data processing with your local data protection authority, see http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm for contact details.
 
Our contact information is:
address: L.G.Harris & Co. Ltd, Hanbury Road, Stoke Prior, Bromsgrove, Worcs.  B60 4AE
phone number: +44 (0)1527575441
 
9.     Changes
L.G.Harris & Co. Ltd. reserve the right to update this privacy notice at any time (for instance if our services changes). If we have your contact information we would normally inform you. Updated information will also be available at our website.  
We use cookies to provide a better service. Keep browsing if you're happy with this, or read our cookie policy .
