FREE GUIDE: Get the award-winning Definitive Guide to E-commerce Shipping Download Now!
 
This Privacy Policy of ShippingEasy describes in greater detail the privacy practices of ShippingEasy and its corporate affiliates, meaning companies related by common ownership or control (“us,” “we,” “our”) responsible for collecting and maintaining certain information collected about you.
 
1. WHEN THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES.  If a Service you’re using links to this Privacy Policy, this Policy applies to you. 
 
2. WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION. We want to be clear about what information we collect and how we use it to deliver our Services to you, operate our business, and help make our Services useful, and work better for you. We do not sell or share your Personal Information with third parties for their own commercial uses, if you have opted out of such sharing.
a) Types of Information We Collect. In connection with accessing our Services, we may collect information from you which can be used to identify you (“Personal Information”), such as your name, shipping/billing address, email address, phone, username and password.
We collect information when you register or open an account, sign in, pay a bill, purchase a Service, call us for support, or give us feedback.  We may also get information from other companies or third parties, such as when you sync a third party account or service with your ShippingEasy Account, or when we may use service providers to supplement the Personal Information you give us (e.g., validate your mailing address) to help us maintain the accuracy of your data and provide you with better service. Finally, we may collect content or other information that you may provide or create when you interact with our Services.
We may also automatically collect certain usage information when you access our Services (“Usage Data”), such as Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, log files, unique device identifiers, pages viewed, browser type, any links you click on to leave or interact with our Services, and other usage information collected from cookies and other tracking technologies. For example, we collect IP addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information, such as using IP addresses to monitor the regions from which users navigate to our Services.  We may also collect IP addresses from users when they log into the Services as part of our log-in and security features.  We may also, when you enable location-based Services, collect Global Positioning System (GPS) location data and/or motion data.
Our Services may change over time and we may introduce new features that may collect new or different types of information.
b) How We Use Your Information. We may use your information, including your Personal Information, for the following purposes:
Account Registration. We may use your name, address, phone number, and email address to register your account for certain Services we provide and to communicate important information to you. We may obtain additional Personal Information about you, such as address change information, from commercially available sources, to keep our records current.  If you set up an administrator account that may be accessed by people other than you, please note that they may see and have the ability to change or delete your Personal Information.  Please be careful who you give administrator access to, as you are responsible for their actions.
To Provide Our Services and Operate Our Business. We may use your information to operate our business, including providing Services you requested, provide you with support related to our Services, and to help us protect our Services, including to combat fraud and protect your information.
Customer Service and Technical Support.  We may use your name, address, phone number, email address, how you interact with our Services, and information about your computer configuration to resolve questions you may have about our Services and to follow up with you about your experience.  We also offer various Internet chat services, for example, to speak with a ShippingEasy customer support representative.  Internet Chat transmissions are encrypted but you should not supply more Personal Information, than is required to address your specific issue.  A transcript of the session is retained to resolve questions or issues related to our Services.
Communicate with You and Tell You About Other Services.  We may use your information to communicate with you about our Services and to give you offers for third party products and services that we think may be of use to you. Please see below under  “What You Can Do to Manage Your Privacy“  for the choices you have regarding these communications.
To Improve Services and Develop New Services. We will use your information to personalize or customize your experience and the Service, develop new features or services, and to improve the overall quality of ShippingEasy’s Services.
Feedback. We may use any information you volunteer in surveys you answer for us and combine them with answers from other customers in order to better understand our Services and how we may improve them.  Answering any survey is optional.
c) How We Share Your Personal Information. From time to time, we may need to share your Personal Information with others.
Third Party Service Providers. We may share your information, including Personal Information and Usage Data, with third party service providers who perform various functions to enable us to provide our Services and help us operate our business, such as website design, sending email communications, fraud detection and prevention, customer care, or performing analytics. Our contracts with these third parties require them to maintain the confidentiality of the Personal Information we provide to them, only act on our behalf and under our instructions, and not use Personal Information for purposes other than the product or service they’re providing to us or on our behalf.
United States Postal Service (USPS).  ShippingEasy is regulated by the USPS. As part of the regulatory relationship, ShippingEasy collects certain information about you on behalf of the USPS. The USPS also may send us tracking data from their scans of your mail and packages in the mailstream. Our uses for the data include informing you about the status of your mail and packages through options like USPS Tracking, fraud detection and aggregating the data to help the USPS and us provide you with better service. To learn more about USPS postage technology and ShippingEasy’s relationship with the USPS, please visit the  USPS Postage Solutions  page. Information collected on behalf of USPS is used for their regulatory oversight function and is not used for other purposes.
As part of ShippingEasy providing services of the USPS, the USPS requires that you agree to the USPS Privacy Act Statement and to provide information about yourself that will be maintained in a Privacy Act System of Records by the Postal Service.  Privacy Act Statement: Your information will be used to facilitate the purchase of USPS postage and fulfill transactional reporting requirements for USPS postage systems. Collection is authorized by 39 U.S.C. 401, 403, and 404. Providing the information is voluntary, but if not provided, your transaction may not be processed. The Postal Service does not disclose your information to third parties without your consent, except to facilitate the transaction, to act on your behalf or request, or as legally required. This includes the following limited circumstances: to a congressional office on your behalf; to financial entities regarding financial transaction issues; to a US Postal Service (USPS) auditor; to entities, including law enforcement, as required by law or in legal proceedings; and to contractors and other entities aiding us to fulfill the service (service providers). For more information regarding our privacy policies, visit  www.usps.com/privacypolicy .
For more information regarding other specific carrier privacy policies, please see:
Other carriers – please see privacy policy provided by the specific carrier you are using via the ShippingEasy platform
Use of carrier services via the ShippingEasy platform is at your own risk.  ShippingEasy is not responsible for your use of carrier services.  Your use of carrier services is as a direct customer of the specific carrier of your choosing and you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of that carrier for use of services.
Response to Subpoenas and Other Legal Requests.  We may share your information with courts, law enforcement agencies, or other government bodies when we have a good faith belief we’re required or permitted to do so by law, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, to protect our company, or to respond to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other law enforcement request.
Protection of ShippingEasy and Others. We may share account information, Personal Information and Usage Data when we believe it is appropriate to enforce or apply our products’ Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of ShippingEasy, our Services, our users, or others.  This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Personal Information of our customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Information Sharing Between ShippingEasy Entities. We share your information, including your Personal Information, with and among our subsidiaries, except where prohibited by law. Subsidiaries means companies related by common ownership or control. The reasons why we share your information include for our everyday business purposes, such as to: process your transactions, maintain your accounts, operate our business, etc. We may also share your information in order for us to be able to offer our products and services to you. We may also share information about your transactions and experience so that we can operate our business effectively, detect and prevent fraud, and improve our Services.
Sharing with Third Parties Generally.  ShippingEasy may share certain information with carefully selected third parties that will allow them to mail you promotional materials about quality goods and services (including special offers and promotions) that may be of interest to you. The information shared will not include your e-mail address; your phone number; any information related to your postage, mailing activity or postage meter license; or any information related to your customers or address lists. You may contact ShippingEasy at any time to request that your information not be shared with such third parties, or by  clicking here  to access the opt out email.  Please reference exactly what type of communication you are opting out of when you send an email.
Sale of Our Business.  If we sell, merge, or transfer any part of our business, we may be required to share your information. If so, you will be asked if you’d like to stop receiving promotional information following any change of control.
With your Consent. Other than as set out above, we will provide you with notice and the opportunity to choose when your Personal Information may be shared with other third parties.
d) Syncing, Linking, Connecting Other Third Party Services with Your ShippingEasy Service.
 
3. WHAT YOU CAN DO TO MANAGE YOUR PRIVACY. You can view and edit information that identifies you online through your ShippingEasy Service. How you can access and control information that identifies you will depend on which Services you use. You have a choice about the use of information that identifies you, marketing communications you receive from us, and our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
a) Updating Your Personal Information. In connection with your right to manage your Personal Information you provide to us, you may access, update, change, correct or request deletion of your information either through the Service or through our customer support.  You can reach our customer support by using the contact information provided below in the “ How to Contact Us ” section of this Policy.
b) Managing Marketing Communications From Us. We will honor your choices when it comes to receiving marketing communications from us.
You have the following choices if you have been receiving marketing communications from us that you no longer wish to receive:
Click the “unsubscribe” link in the email or newsletter you received, or  click here  to email your request directly.
You may contact ShippingEasy at any time to request that your information not be shared with third parties (other than the USPS).
Remember that even if you choose not to receive marketing communications from us, we will continue to send you mandatory service or transactional communications.
c) Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies. Generally we use these tracking technologies to:
Fulfill your requests for products and services, and improve our services.
Remind us of who you are on return visits in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. This cookie is set when you first visit the ShippingEasy Site.
Estimate our audience size and measure traffic patterns regarding usage of ShippingEasy’s network of Sites. Each browser accessing ShippingEasy is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage and usage by a registered user versus by an unregistered user.
Track the number of entries in our promotions.
Customize the advertising and content you see.
If you are uncomfortable having a cookie placed on your system, you may elect to turn off the cookie or delete existing cookies in your browser. If you turn off or delete the ShippingEasy cookie, you may not be able to receive special offers or personalized content from ShippingEasy.
Technologies such as cookies, or similar technologies, are used by ShippingEasy and our partners (e.g. network advertising partners), affiliates, or analytics or service providers (e.g. online customer support providers). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking user movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We and third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity may use Local Storage (LSs) such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.
We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may clear your cache. Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
We use Local Shared Objects (LSOs) such as Flash cookies to store information and preferences. To manage Flash cookies, please  click here :
Click here  to opt out of targeted ads on Facebook.
Please note that even if you opt-out of such Cookies or otherwise opt-out of interest based advertising, you will still receive advertisements, they just won’t be tailored to your interests.  Also, if you opt-out and later delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new computer, you may need to renew your opt-out choices.
d) Do Not Track. Like most other companies, our Services are not currently configured to respond to browsers’ “Do Not Track” signals because at this time no formal “Do Not Track” standard has been adopted.  However, the practices of our partners and other third-party providers may change as a result of this feature being utilized.  Click here  for more information on “Do Not Track.”
 
4. DATA RETENTION AND YOUR ACCESS RIGHTS
a) Data Retention. In accordance with and as permitted by applicable law and regulations, we will retain your information as long as necessary to serve you, to maintain your account for as long as your account is active, or as otherwise needed to operate our business.  When you close your account, we may continue to communicate with you about our Services, give you important business updates that may affect you, and let you know about products and services that may interest you, unless you have opted out of receiving marketing communications.  We may also continue to use some of your information for business purposes and to improve our offerings or in some cases to develop new ones.  We will retain and use your information as required by applicable regulations and ShippingEasy’ records and information management policies to comply with our legal and reporting obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, complete any outstanding transactions and for the detection and prevention of fraud.
 
5. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION.  Keeping your Information safe is important to us.  You can find out more about keeping your personal information safe while on line from the U.S. government  here .  We provide reasonable and appropriate security measures in connection with securing Personal Information we collect. Though no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.
For example, we:
Consistently work to update our security practices to implement accepted best methods to protect your Personal Information, and review our security procedures carefully.
Comply with applicable laws and security standards.
Securely transmit your sensitive Personal Information.
Train our staff and require them to safeguard your data. Limit the staff with access to your Personal Information.
 
6. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFERS. 
 
7. HOW TO CONTACT US. If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.  We want your feedback and comments.
a) Via Email. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us by email at  support@shippingeasy.com.
 
8. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY.  From time to time we may change or update our Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right to make changes or updates at any time.  More information about how we will notify you is below.
 
9. COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION.  We do not knowingly collect information from minors.
 
10. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.
 
We're here to help.
Our award-winning customer support includes live chat, email and US-based phone support for all merchants. Unlike other platforms, help is free and you’ll always get a real, live human.
No credit card required. Cancel anytime.
