This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for the Solstice Equity Partners (DBA Fomo, DBA Notify) with respect to the website located at https://fomo.com/ (collectively, the “Website”) and the Fomo Service (the “Service”). Solstice Equity Partners Inc., a Delaware corporation, the provider of the Website and the Service (referred to as “us” or “we”) is committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (“you”, the “User” or “End User”) and how we use that information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE AND/OR THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICE.
Changes to Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice on our home page.
Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information
We collect two types of information: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific End User. We may collect Personally Identifiable Information such as name or email address when you engage in certain activities on the Website, when using the Service, or when a customer uses a website or mobile application in which the Service is integrated (an “Integrated Website”).
Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website a User visited before coming to our Website or an Integrated Website, the URL of the website a User visit after leaving our Website or an Integrated Website, the type of browser a User is using and the User’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, as well as information regarding behaviors of the users of an Integrated Website. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website, use the Service, or when a customer visits an Integrated Website, through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy.
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website and Service, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.
Release of Personally Identifiable Information
We will not sell, rent, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties. We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers as set forth herein. We provide services and products through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Third Party Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website and the Service, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Third Party Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate’s information to our bank to send out a payment. We encourage Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.
We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with the Website or an Integrated Website. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by Solstice Equity Partners to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show Solstice Equity Partners ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to Fomo's website. Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html . This information is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose.
We may share your information in a Business Transfer. As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, the Service, its Users or others.
Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information
We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners, Affiliates and Advertisers, and as otherwise provided in our Terms of Service. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with Third Party Advertisers or Third Party Advertising Companies and other parties as provided below:
We use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these Third Party Advertising Companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). If you would like more information about any NAI member company, or you would like to opt-out of targeted advertising from any NAI member company, click here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp
We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website, provide the Service, and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish or sell this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only general summaries of the activities of our Users and users of Integrated Websites. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us.
Updating and Correcting Information
We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into your account and accessing the "my account" section of the site, sending us an email at hello@fomo.com or writing to us at 300 Delaware Avenue, STE 210-A, Wilmington, DE 19801. Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us. We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website. In addition, in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.
If you choose to provide credit card information on the site, this is stored on external, secure servers and you may delete your credit card information at any time by going to the "my profile" section of your account.
User Choices on Collection and Use of Information
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website or the Service or an Integrated Website.
As a condition of purchase of our products and services, we will send you Administrative and Promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to a User’s activity on the Website, and include emails regarding a particular User’s account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. “Promotional Emails” advertise our products and services, including exclusive sales and other offers, and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Affiliates. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by e-mailing us at hello@fomo.com , by writing to us at the address contained herein, or by hitting the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of our e-mails. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive.
Security of Information
We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website or the Service, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.
Data Tracking
Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website and the Service, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User’s computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website or the Service, remind us who you are, and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website and the Service only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser or any of our customers through an Integrated Website. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.
Other Tracking Devices. We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of the Service or our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior through the Service or on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes.
Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on the Website or by using the Service or an Integrated Website. Other websites that may be accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. The use and disclosure of information collected by third parties through an Integrated Website are also subject to such third parties’ own privacy policies and data collection, use, and disclosure practices. If you link to or access any such website, we urge you review the website’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.
Miscellaneous Privacy Issues
Children. Minors under the age of 18 may not use the Website or the Service. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 18, and no part of the Website or Service is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. Solstice Equity Partners does not sell products for purchase by children. In certain instances, we sell children's products for purchase by adults.
Public Areas. We may provide areas on our Website or through the Service where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs, or can review products, restaurants, and submit media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review, you may receive unsolicited messages. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information. We do obtain consent from our users to post their name along with their reviews.
Notice of Privacy Rights to New York Residents. New York law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the New York Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) and the New York Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Website or the Service and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. New York law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled “New York Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice.
Contacting Us
300 Delaware Ave, STE 210-A
Wilmington, DE 19801
