New Version (Updated on May 24, 2018)
Made-in-China.com makes a firm commitment to protect your privacy. The following policy, as part of Terms & Conditions which has to be agreed with by users while visiting our website, provides details of how your information is treated. This policy may be subject to changes without notice. So please check the latest version periodically.
What information will be collected by Made-in-China.com?
Account Data: We collect all the information in your account on Made-in-China.com, such as your company name, address, contact person, telephone number, fax number, email and etc. This is to enforce the agreement between you and Made-in-China.com, to ensure that you are reachable by potential trade partners, or to troubleshoot problems with your account.
Hidden Data: In addition to your account data, we also collect information recorded when you browse and visit our website, including but not limited to, cookies, IP address, etc. This information is not used to identify you, but for the necessary purpose to avoid being attacked by hackers, and for the purpose of making customized content service to users. Additionally, through processing comprehensive statistic analysis, we are endeavoring to provide you with more and more efficient functionalities to facilitate our service. To visit Made-in-China.com, your browser has to be configured to accept cookies.
Other Information: Sometimes we may contract with third parties to offer you products or services which we ourselves do not offer. To fully access and use such services, you may be asked to provide certain information.
How will Made-in-China.com use your information?
Information, such as company name, address, contact person, telephone number, etc., will be posted on Made-in-China.com publicly, and accessible to all users. Users should thus exercise caution when deciding to release any information that is identifiable to you. Made-in-China.com conducts analysis and research on the above information regarding users' distribution of industry, geographic location, and so on. The purpose of this research is to gain a better understanding of our users, and is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. Made-in-China.com maintains the right to share analytic results with its business partners.
What are your and Made-in-China.com's individual responsibilities in regards to privacy protection?
Once receiving your information, we make our best effort to ensure the stability and security on our systems. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure from hacker attacks. Therefore, Made-in-China.com cannot make any warranty on the security of the information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. We will disclose your information in good faith when we believe that it is necessary to:
enforce the provisions of Made-in-China.com;
protect and defend the rights of Made-in-China.com, other users, or for public interests;
contract with third party parties to provide you with better value and service;
conform to national regulations or legal processes.
You as a user are strongly recommended to keep your Member ID and password on Made-in-China.com safe and secure.To ensure the safety and security of your company and personal information do not divulge your password to others. If you feel that your Member ID or password is for any reason at risk, please contact us immediately.
We are not responsible for the privacy protection methods of other websites who are linked to Made-in-China.com.
How can you contact us?
Should you have any suggestion on our Privacy Policy, please contact us
