× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Skype.com - Privacy Policy English (International)
Privacy Policy English (International) from Skype.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.skype.com/intl/en/legal/privacy/gene... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
Except as provided below, Skype will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise transfer any personal and/or traffic data or communications content outside of Microsoft and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your explicit permission, unless it is obliged to do so under applicable laws or by order of the competent authorities. Please note that information that you voluntarily make public in your user profile, or which you disclose on forums, discussions boards or by posting comments will be publicly available and viewable by others.
Skype may disclose personal information to respond to legal requirements, exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to protect Skype’s interests, fight against fraud and to enforce our policies or to protect anyone's rights, property, or safety.
In order to provide you with Skype products you have requested, Skype may sometimes, if necessary, share your personal and traffic data with Skype’s group companies, carriers, partner service providers and/or agents. For example the PSTN-VoIP gateway provider, WiFi access services providers, distributors of Skype software and/or Skype products, and/or the third party banking organizations or other providers of payment, email delivery, analytical services, customer support, or hosting services. Skype will always require these third parties to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal data and traffic data and to observe the relevant legislation.
Some Skype products may be co-branded and offered together with or via a partner company. If you register for or use such products, you consent to both Skype and the partner company’s use of personal data collected in connection with the co-branded product. Skype may offer its products in connection with other websites or services or may team with other online services to give you the combined results of both products/services or additional services and benefits. To determine whether you would benefit from the combined offer, if you have provided your consent, Skype may match your email address, and email addresses of your contacts against email addresses you have provided to the third party website/service provider.
If you are a member of the Skype Manager, detailed information about the activity on your Skype account including traffic data and details of your purchases and downloads may be accessed by your Skype Manager Administrator if you have agreed to such access. You can withdraw your agreement at any time by changing the settings on your account page on www.skype.com . If you provide personal data including your name and job title to be included in the Skype Manager directory, you acknowledge that such data may be viewed by other members of the Skype Manager.
If you leave a voicemail for another Skype user, your voicemail message may be transferred to a third party service provider (where the Skype contact you are trying to reach has signed up to receive voicemails by text message), and will be converted to text. The conversion process may in exceptional cases, require access by analysts. By using the voicemail product, you consent to the processing of your voicemail message by Skype and its service provider.
Skype, Skype's local partner, or the operator or company facilitating your communication may provide personal data, communications content and/or traffic data to an appropriate judicial, law enforcement or government authority lawfully requesting such information. Skype will provide reasonable assistance and information to fulfill this request and you hereby consent to such disclosure.
Information that is collected by or sent to Skype and/or Microsoft may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Microsoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data in accordance with this article 4, Skype reserves the right to transfer information outside of your country. By using Skype software, Skype's websites or Skype products you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Microsoft abides by the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Economic Area, and Switzerland. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, please visit www.export.gov/safeharbor .
As Microsoft continues to develop its business, Microsoft might sell or buy subsidiaries or business units. In any such transactions in which Skype or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information of Skype users will generally be one of the transferred business assets. We reserve the right to include your personal information in any such transfer to a third party.
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
