INTRODUCTION
This Website Privacy Policy (or “Privacy Policy”) applies to www.schnucks.com and all other websites, applications, and other interactive features owned or controlled by Schnuck Markets, Inc., and its subsidiaries (“Schnucks”) and posts a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, “Site”). Please also review the Terms of Use, located at www.schnucks.com/Terms-of-Use , which governs your use of the Site. By accessing or using this Site, you consent and agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes our information and privacy practices with regard to the Site, such as the types of information we may gather from you and other visitors to the Site. Except if specifically stated otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies to information collected on the Site and information collected by Schnucks offline or otherwise outside of the Site.
FOR INFORMATION ON HOW WE COLLECT AND USE MEDICAL AND HEALTH INFORMATION PROTECTED UNDER THE HEALTH INSURANCE PORTABILITY AND ACCOUNTABILITY ACT OF 1996 (HIPAA), PLEASE REVIEW OUR NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES LOCATED AT: Schnucks HIPAA Policy .
SUMMARY
WE FULLY DESCRIBE OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES BELOW IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. THIS SUMMARY PROVIDES AN OVERVIEW OF SOME IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING OUR USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION AND THIRD PARTIES WHO MAY SERVE ADVERTISEMENTS AND WHO OTHERWISE MAY SET COOKIES OR SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES WHEN YOU INTERACT WITH THE SITE. PLEASE REVIEW OUR FULL PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING OUR SITE.
We may collect Personal Information (defined below) from you, which we primarily use to provide you with the services you requested, as well as allowing your use of the Site, and for sending you information from us. Please review the “ WHAT INFORMATION MAY WE COLLECT? ” and “ HOW MAY WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED? ” sections of this Privacy Policy for a full description of the information we collect, including Personal Information, and how we use that information. Note that we do not share your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes however, we may share your Personal Information under certain limited circumstances. For more details, please review the section below entitled “ HOW AND WHEN WE MAY DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES? ”
In addition, Schnucks works with network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics providers and other vendors, to provide us with information regarding traffic on the Site, including the pages viewed and the actions users take when visiting the Site; to serve our advertisements on other web sites, within mobile apps, and elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Site and the effectiveness of our advertisements. These third parties may set and access their own tracking devices (including cookies and web beacons) and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you and your visits to this or other web sites, and may use that information to serve you targeted ads on other web sites. Please review “ THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS AND AD SERVERS ” for additional information. Some of these companies are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You may want to visit www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp for NAI and http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ for DAA, both of which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an “opt out” by participating companies.
HIPAA NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES
For information on how we collect and use medical and health information protected under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), please review our Notice of Privacy Practices located at: Schnucks HIPAA Policy .
WHAT INFORMATION MAY WE COLLECT?
Information you provide to the Site
We may collect “Personal Information” that you provide when visiting or using this Site (which is information that identifies you as a specific individual, such as, for example, your name, mailing address, email address and phone number). We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as demographic information (ZIP code, gender or age, for example) and information about your interests and preferences. If we combine this type of information with Personal Information, then we will treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. In addition, some services on our Site, such as our express in-store pick-up and delivery service, allow you to pay online, and therefore require that you supply us with information from your credit card or other accepted form of payment to process your order. We may also de-identify Personal Information, turning it into non-Personal Information. This is sometimes accomplished using a mathematical process (commonly known as a hash function) to convert information into a code. The code does not identify you directly, but it may be used to connect your activity and interests.
To provide certain functions on the Sites (for example, to provide information to a friend or send a gift certificate), we may ask you for that person’s Personal Information (i.e. name and email address). If you provide your friend’s name and email address to us we will automatically send the friend an email from you and we do not use the email you provide to send any communication other than the email you send to your friend.
Information We Collect Automatically As You Access and Use the Site
In addition to any Personal Information or other information you choose to submit to the Site, we and our third party service providers, including any third party advertisers and content and analytics providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain web site usage information whenever you visit or interact with the Site (“Usage Information”). This Usage Information may include the URL or advertisement that referred you to our Site; the type of browser and operating system you are using; time and date stamp information; the search terms you entered into a search engine that led you to our Site (if applicable); and information regarding your visit to the Site including all of the areas within our Site that you visit, among other information. We may use this Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including enhancing or otherwise improving the Site. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information.
In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for your computer, mobile phone, or other device (any, a “Device”) used to access the Site. A Device Identifier is a string of letters, numbers and/or other characters that is automatically assigned to your Device used to access the Site, and our servers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Please note that some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Site.
We, and our third-party service providers, may use cookies, local storage, web beacons embedded scripts, and other tracking technologies to gather Usage Data about visitors and how they use our Site. We use this information to improve our Site, to target our advertisements, and for other business purposes.
The methods used to collect Usage Information may include the following:
“Cookies” and local storage are pieces of information (data files) transferred to a browser when the user visits a site. These technologies are able to store a unique identifier for a device to allow an online service provider to recognize the device whenever the device is used to visit the site. You can find more information about cookies and how they work at www.allaboutcookies.org.
Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “pixel tags,” “1×1 GIFs,” or “clear GIFs”) may be included in our web pages and email messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, to count visitors to the Site, to monitor how users navigate the Site, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular links were actually viewed.
An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or that of a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.
In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect similar information for security and fraud detection purposes.
Information Received from Mobile Devices
When you access the Site through a mobile device we or third party service providers will receive and collect the device type and Device Identifier, as well as other Usage Information. We may use Usage Information to track your use of the Site. If you access the Site through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your mobile service provider or device manufacturer.
Information Third Parties Provide About You
We may receive information about you from third parties and we may supplement the information we collect with outside records in order to provide you with information, services, or products you have requested, to tailor content, to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may interest you, and for other purposes. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Site. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.
SOCIAL-MEDIA FEATURES AND PLATFORM INTEGRATION
Social Networking Features. Functionality on the Site may permit interactions that you initiate between the Site and a third-party website or service such as Twitter or Facebook (“Social Networking Features”). Examples of Social Networking Features include enabling you to “like” or “share” content from the Site or to “like” or “share” our page on a third-party service; to automatically or selectively show your social media posts/tweets on the Site; to create a Schnucks account or Schnucks personal profile using existing login information from a social-network (known as a social login); and to otherwise connect the Site to a third-party website or service. If you choose to share content or to otherwise post information through the Site to a third-party site or service, or vice versa, that information may be publicly displayed. Similarly, if you post information on a third-party platform that references Schnucks, for example, by using a Twitter hashtag associated with Schnucks in your Tweet), your post may be published on the Site in accordance with the terms of that third party. Also, both we and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Site and the third-party site or service. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third-party website or service. If you choose to use a social login, we may collect Personal Information including your name and email address. The information we collect in connection with Social Networking Features is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party’s privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third-party website or service.
LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND PRIVACY PRACTICES OF THIRD PARTIES
This Site may contain links to third-party Internet or mobile sites not owned or operated by us, including to sites featuring products, services or news that may be of interest, or to pages that we maintain on YouTube, Facebook, Twitter or other social media sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party Internet or mobile sites, and you should check the policies of any linked site before offering information to the sponsor of the website. You should review the privacy and other policies of other Internet and mobile site providers carefully, as these policies may be different than the policies of this Site. Schnucks provides these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link to such sites does not imply endorsement by Schnucks of those sites. We do not assume responsibility or liability for any third party Internet or mobile site operator’s privacy practices.
COMMUNITY FORUMS AND USER CONTENT
The Site may provide you the opportunity to participate and post content publicly in forums, through interactive features and through other communication functionality, including through a “comment” or “contact us” feature (“Community Forums”). You may choose, through such features or otherwise, to submit or post questions, comments, suggestions or other content, (collectively, “User Content”). Please note that certain information, such as your name, may be publicly displayed on the Site along with your User Content. Also, note that information submitted to the Site via a “Contact Us”, “Help” or other similar function may not receive a response.
Note that anything you post to a Community Forum is public — others will have access to your User Content and may use it or share it with third parties. If you choose to voluntarily disclose Personal Information, that information will be considered public information and the protections of this Privacy Statement will not apply.
HOW MAY WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED?
We may use information collected including Personal Information, Usage Information and de-identified information to:
to enable you to use our Site and its features, such as fulfilling any transactions that you have requested or otherwise agreed to receive, including authorizing and processing your payments and orders, and to process information you provide via our Site;
to allow you to participate in the Site and features offered through the Site and to provide customer service including to resolve any billing or payment processing inquiries, and sending surveys and processing survey responses;
to provide you with services and products that you have requested or otherwise agreed to receive,
to customize your Site experience, and tailor content, recommendations, and offers we display to you, both on the Site and elsewhere online and to analyze trends and statistics;
to process your registration with the Site, including verifying that your email address is active and valid;
to communicate with you including sending you information about sweepstakes, contests and promotions,
to send you promotional emails and text messages,
to contact you with administrative communications and, in our discretion, changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, or any of our other Schnucks policies,
to send you special offers from us, our advertisers, or third-party business partners
for internal business purposes such as to monitor and improve the quality of our Site, services, and products and to comply with regulatory and legal obligations,
to facilitate your job search via the Site and to assess your employment application for a position with Schnucks, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports,
for purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent, and as further described in this Privacy Policy.
HOW AND WHEN WE MAY DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES?
We may share non-Personal Information, including, without limitation, de-identified information, Usage Information and aggregated user statistics, with third parties in our discretion. We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties own direct marketing purposes. We may share the information we have collected about you (including Personal Information): (i) as disclosed at the time you provide your information, (ii) with your consent, (iii) as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, or (iv) in the following circumstances:
Service Providers. We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as vendors that provide customer support, website development, online hosting, ad tracking, payment processing, fulfilling order you place through the Site, analyzing data, performing marketing or consulting services, processing employment applications, and other services. For example, if you sign up to receive newsletters from us we may share your email address with a third party service provider who will send the newsletters to you on our behalf. We may give these service providers access to your information (including Personal Information) so that they can carry out the services they are performing for you or for us. Unless otherwise indicated when the information is collected, information shared with service providers will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
When You Agree to Receive Information from Third Parties or Request That We Share Your Information. You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information or marketing offers from one or more third parties. If you agree at that time to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to that third party (or parties) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of third parties, and, if you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly. You also may request, sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or third-party application, that we share information about you with a third party, and we will typically do so under those circumstances.
Law Enforcement and Protection. To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a court order, legal request, subpoena or other legal process; to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; or to protect the rights, property or safety of ourselves or others. We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications and report or collect debts owed. We reserve the right to report to appropriate law enforcement, governmental authorities and other third parties any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be harmful or unlawful, with or without providing notice to you. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.
Business Transfers. Schnucks may share your information, including Personal Information, with its subsidiaries, or affiliates, primarily for business and operational purposes. All Personal Information and other content submitted by you through this Site is treated as a business asset, and may be disclosed to actual and potential acquirers and lenders, and transferred by us in connection with a sale or transfer of our business or assets, including as the result of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, dissolution, bankruptcy or liquidation. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information (including Personal Information) and other information we have collected from users of the Site. By providing your Personal Information, you agree that we may transfer such information to the acquiring entity without your further consent.
Sweepstakes, Contests, & Promotions: We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you (including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials). If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s terms or official rules (such as on a winners list).
Employment Applications: This employer is subject to certain reporting requirements which require the employer to invite employees to voluntarily provide self-identifying information such as veteran status, gender, race, and ethnicity). Submission of this information is voluntary and refusal to provide it will not subject you to any adverse treatment. The information may only be used in accordance with the provisions of applicable federal laws, executive orders, and regulations, including those which require the information to be summarized and reported to the Federal Government for civil rights enforcement purposes.
THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS AND AD SERVERS
Schnucks may work with network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers, and other vendors to provide us with information regarding traffic on the Site, including the pages viewed and the actions users take when visiting the Site; to serve our advertisements elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding the use of the Site and the effectiveness of our advertisements. For example, if you click on an advertisement for Schnucks, our service provider(s) may be able to tell us the advertisement you clicked on and where you were viewing the advertisement. The advertisements you see may be served by one or more third parties, who may use information about your activities on the Site, and other web sites and services you visit, to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. Our service providers may collect certain information about your visits to and activity on the Site and other websites and services and may use this information to target advertising to you.
These service providers may set and access their own tracking technologies on your Device ( including cookies and web beacons ) and may otherwise collect or have access to information about you (such as your Usage Information and Device Identifier). Some of these parties may collect Personal Information over time when you visit the Site or other online websites and services. Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third-party network advertisers, may be used to (among other things): target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times, and conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. We may share certain information such as Device Identifiers, Usage Information and de-identified information with third-party advertising companies, analytics providers and other vendors for similar purposes.
While we may use a variety of service providers to perform advertising and analytics services, some of these companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. You may wish to visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp , which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the “opt-out” procedures of NAI members. You may also want to visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , which provides information regarding targeted advertising and offers an “opt-out” by participating companies in the DAA Self-Regulatory Program.
For mobile apps, you can typically limit ad tracking using the settings on your phone, tablet or other mobile device.
Please note opting out through these mechanisms does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads while you are online.
CHILDREN
This Site is a general audience web site. We do not knowingly collect Personally Information from children younger than 13 years of age.
SECURITY
We implement a variety of commercially reasonable security measures designed to secure your Personal Information that we collect through the Site. Please bear in mind that no website or data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information is totally secure, and we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information we collect. You use our Site and provide us with your information at your own risk.
CONSENT TO TRANSFER
We operate the Site from the United States. Schnucks makes no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By visiting the Site, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.
HOW WE RESPOND TO “DO NOT TRACK” SIGNALS.
Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” to the online services that you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, the Site does not alter their practices when they receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com .
CHANGING YOUR PREFERENCES AND UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION
The Site may contain web pages through which you can correct or update some of the Personal Information you have provided to us through registration with the Site or through which you can unsubscribe or modify the email newsletters or similar communications we send to you. Also, users who receive a newsletter or other similar emails from us and who wish to remove themselves from the mailing list (i.e. opt out) can do so by following the link provided in an email received. The Site may also offer an online mechanism for changing your preferences. However, please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your use of our Site, service announcements, notices of changes to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use or similar administrative or transactional messages, and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you choose to opt-out from marketing communications. If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS messages that may be offered on the Site, you may unsubscribe from any text messages received by replying “STOP.”
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information either through any online account feature offered or by contacting us. Schnucks will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that when you edit your information or change your preferences, the information you remove may persist internally or for our administrative purposes. Also, please note that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons.
If you have made any public postings on the Site, such as in Community Forums, these communications cannot generally be removed.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
Schnucks reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy and will notify you of material changes by posting the Privacy Policy on our Site. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. We will not use your Personal Information in a manner materially different from the Privacy Policy in effect at the time we collected your Personal Information without your consent. However, you may need to consent to the new or revised policy in order to continue to access or use the Site.
CONTACTING US
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, desire to make corrections to Personal Information submitted to us or have any other questions or comments concerning this Site, please contact us by email at privacy@schnucks.com or by mail at Schnuck Markets, Inc., 11420 Lackland Rd., St. Louis, MO 63146, Attention: Privacy Officer.
Sign Up
Questions? Comments?
