Homeremedyhacks- Privacy Policy
We, at www.homeremedyhacks.com , respect the privacy of our visitors. Our privacy policy reveals all the information about how we collect, use and manage the data of a client or customer. This data may be anything such as name, date of birth, gender, nationality, contact information, email id, address, etc. We never disclose your personal information to public or any other third party.
How do we gather information?
You need not furnish any information if you simply browse our site. But in case, you respond to poll on our website, sign up for the newsletters, fill the form, or comment, you will have to provide the data asked by us. We will get your cookie information and IP address through your browser.
How do we use your information?
We use your information to create and uphold customer relationship, fulfill the legal requirement, personalize your experience, and improve our website. This information is also utilized to re-contact you by responding to your questions, queries and other requests, and send you any information.
We will not disclose, exchange, transfer or sold your private or public information for any purpose to the third party or other company without your explicit consent unless we provide you the service or product requested by you.
If you don’t want to hear anything from us or cease your relationship with us, you can click on the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every mail received by you. Once you unsubscribe, we will remove your information from our database.
How your information is protected by us?
We believe in creating a high-end customer relationship and so we put into practice some security measures to protect your privacy. The personal information of every customer is kept confidential.
Log Files
www.homeremedyhacks.com makes use of Log Files. These Log files generally contain information such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, Internet Service Provider (ISP), Browser type and Date / Time Stamp, along with click numbers for evaluating the trends, referring/exit pages, site administration, track movement of the user around the site and demographic information collection.
External Links
Our website may have links to other sites that are operated as well as owned by third parties. We are not responsible and liable for the conduct, privacy practices, or content of or on any such sites.
Web Beacons and Cookies
In order to enhance the online experience of our users, www.homeremedyhacks.com use cookies to store data on pages accessed by the user, information the visitor sends via their browser, customize web page content, customization based on visitors’ browser type or visitor’s preferences, or other. Cookies are the small files that are transferred to the hard drive of the user by the service provider or site.
In order to understand our visitors, we have contracts with third party service providers. These parties advertise some technologies such as web beacons and cookies on our website, but they are not allowed to access any information collected by us. These service providers help us improve our customer relationship and conduct our business.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
Google can make use of cookies to present the ads on the information sent by the users through their browser, thus acting as a third party vendor. For this purpose, DoubleClick DART cookie is used by the Google. However, the users can disable or avoid these DART cookies by visiting the content network privacy policy and Google ad by using the below-given URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
No Revelation of Information to Outside Parties
We never disclose your personal information to the outside parties. In some cases, your information is shared with the trusted third parties (who assist us conduct our business,) only if they give their consent to keep it confidential. For the sake of furnishing more information on the related topics, we may occasionally use the links of third party (other websites). Since these third parties have separate privacy policies, our policy will get inactive as you enter into their website.
Access and Update Your Information
The users can change, correct or review their information which they provided during the process of registration. You can make amendments in the information as many times as you wish and at any time. You can feel free to contact us via email, in case, you face any problem in updating the information.
Changes to Privacy Policy
The right to make amendments in our policy at anytime is reserved with us. The changes will be posted on this page only. You can get to know about the modifications by frequently visiting this page.
Feel free to contact us if you have any questions or queries regarding our policy.
Latest Post
Jul 28, 2018
Be it in your pantry or wardrobe, the most common household pest problem is the clothes moth. They are usually found in food storage...
Welcome to homeremedyhacks.com. In the modern world, when scientists have discovered cures for almost all ailments, there is no substitute for home remedies. Here we have provided natural and herbal remedies for all your health and beauty related problems.
