Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes the policies of Colortohex (collectively “Company” or “we,” “us,” or “Colortohex”) regarding the information we collect or receive about our customers. It is applicable to the www.colortohex.com website and other interactive features, applications, services, or downloads that are operated by the Colortohex and which are available through the websites produced and maintained by us (“Website”). We have established this security and privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to let you know the kinds of personal information we may gather, why we gather your information, what we use your personal information for, when we might disclose your personal information, and how you can manage your personal information.
Along with the personal information which we gather or which you provide to us, this Privacy Policy describes our policy regarding files which you upload to or store on our servers (“Customer Data”).
When you provide personal information and/or Customer Data, you are consenting to the manner in which the ColortoHex will collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage your personal information and Customer Data, as set out in this Privacy Policy.
If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website, software, or any of our mobile applications. We reserve the right to modify or amend the terms of our Privacy Policy from time to time without notice.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or don’t see your concerns addressed here, you should contact us by email at info@colortohex.com
Governing Law/Assignment
The Website is published in India. Indian law shall govern in any and all disputes, including privacy or defamation issues or otherwise.
Changes to this Policy
As our company and Website continues to develop, we may add new services and features to our Website or products. If these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this document will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We do, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy periodically in case you missed any changes to the Privacy Policy.
Opt-Out and correction procedures
If you have previously opted to subscribe an mailing list, you may always opt-out of receiving future e-mail messages and newsletters by ending your subscription. Unsubscribe instructions are located within each newsletter and on our website, or you may contact our Customer Service Department.
We will help you to correct or update personal information that you have previously provided to us. To do so, you can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by emailing support@colortoHex.com
Questions regarding this statement should be directed to info@colortoHex.com.
Unsolicited Idea Submission Policy
The most powerful tool that we have in our effort to make our products better is the feedback from our users. This means you! We encourage folks to send us bug reports, questions and ideas about how to make our existing products fit their needs more closely.
While we also encourage folks to send us their ideas about new products, we must make it clear that any product idea submitted to ColortoHex, either by word of mouth, email, telephone or other means immediately becomes the property of ColortoHex. This means that if we develop your idea or an idea similar to yours, you will not be compensated and it also means that we can use the idea for any purpose, including giving it away.
