What this Privacy Statement Covers
This policy covers how Rent Manager® treats personal information that is received and collected, including information related to your past use of Rent Manager products and services. Personal information—name, address, email address, phone number, etc.—is personally identifiable, and is not otherwise publicly available. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Rent Manager does not own or control, or to people that Rent Manager does not employ or manage.
Information Collection and Use
Rent Manager collects personal information when you register with Rent Manager, when you use Rent Manager products or services, when you visit Rent Manager pages, and when you enter promotions or sign up for the email distribution lists. Rent Manager may combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other associated companies. When you register, we ask for information including name, email address, company name, phone numbers, fax numbers, street addresses, and general company information. For some products and services we may also ask for financial information including credit card numbers and assets information. Rent Manager collects transaction information with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of products or services that we offer. Rent Manager automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including IP address, cookie information, and your page request. Rent Manager uses information for the following general purposes: to customize advertising, fulfill requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, and conduct research.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Rent Manager does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Rent Manager under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Rent Manager communicate with you about offers from Rent Manager and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processes, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of Rent Manager terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. We transfer information about you if Rent Manager is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Rent Manager would notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Rent Manager works with vendors, partners, advertisers, and other service providers in different industries and categories of business.
Edit and Delete Account Information and Preferences
You may request to have your information changed or removed at any time, however doing so will prevent Rent Manager from offering your new products and hinder your efforts to support the products and services you may have purchased.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who provide products or services to you. We have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
If you have any questions or suggestions, please call us at 800-669-0871 or email us at info@rentmanager.com .
Rent Manager Overview
The purpose of TMHA is to serve its membership while simultaneously promoting the general welfare and interest of the manufactured housing industry throughout the state of Texas. TMHA is composed of professionals committed to successfully representing the interest of their…
Florida Manufactured Housing Association, Inc. (FMHA) is a membership-funded not-for-profit organization whose mission is to advance the interests of the manufactured housing industry as well as those who seek reliable information on the many benefits of buying a manufactured home.…
Over 850 real estate management professionals will gather in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida for the only industry event specifically designed for both commercial and multifamily real estate managers.  The IREM Global Summit provided attendees with rich, contemporary information that will help drive NOI and impact…
October 8-11, 2018 - Henderson, NV
Owners rely on managers to find opportunities to ensure the successful operation of their communities. At the WMA Convention, you will find everything for you, on a professional level, it will blend educational programs with entertainment and networking forums so that…
TWO DAYS OF EDUCATION AND EXCITEMENT. Tailored for Midwestern apartment professionals. The Midwest Multifamily Conference is the largest industry conference dedicated exclusively to helping Midwestern apartment professionals reach new levels of professional success. Two action-packed days of learning, networking, and…
Cincinnati, OH 45249
