We Value Your Privacy
We Value Your Privacy
At Guaranty Trust Bank Plc. (hereinafter called “GTBank”), we treat your personal information as private and confidential. We are dedicated to protecting your privacy and providing you with the highest level of security at any point of interaction with us. This Privacy Policy describes what personal information we collect, what we do with it and how we protect it.
This policy (together with our Terms and Conditions) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By continuing to visit our website (www.gtbank.com) and other GTBank customer touchpoint, you accept and consent to the practices described in this policy.
Information We Collect and Use
We collect information about you from a variety of sources, such as: website visits, applications, identification documents, personal financial statements, interactions with relationship managers, and other third parties (credit bureaus, payment gateways…) and other written or electronic communications reflecting information such as your name, address, passport details, identification numbers, telephone number, occupation, assets, income and any other information we deem necessary.
We may also use your transactional account history including your account balance, payment records, and debit/credit card usage. We may also use information received from third parties such as family, solicitors, friends or employers, website/ social media pages made public by you, government agencies , regulators, supervisory or credit agencies. 
We may also collect other information such as video footages of you whenever you step into any of our branches, geographic information of any of our branch ATMs when you use our ATMs.  
Non- Personal Information Collected By Us
In order to achieve our goal of providing you with the best banking service, we sometimes collect certain information during your visits to perform certain tasks such as grant you access to some parts of our web site, or conduct research on your behavior on our site in order to improve our services. We will not disclose your information to any person outside our organization except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files stored on your computer or mobile devices whenever you visit a website. Cookies have many uses, such as memorizing your preferences so as to tailor your experiences while on our site– or to help us analyze our website traffic.
GTBank uses cookies to improve your experience while on this site. We would like to let you know a few things about our cookies:
Some cookies are essential to access certain areas of this site;
We use analytics cookies to help us understand how you use our site to discover what content is most useful to you  
Use of Your Personal Information
Any personal information provided by you to GTBank will be used with your consent, for compliance with legal obligations or for the purposes of meeting legitimate interests of GTBank. 
Your personal information is used in:
Updating and enhancing GTBank’s records
Establishing your identity and assessing applications for our products and services
Pricing and designing our products and services
Administering our products and services
Managing our relationship with you
Managing our risks and helping to identify and investigate illegal activity (i.e.), such as fraud
Contacting you, for example in instances where we suspect fraud on your account or when the need arises to tell you about recent occurrences in the banking sector or some event(s) of significance.
Conducting and improving our businesses and improving your experience with us
Reviewing credit or loan eligibility.
Prevention of money laundering or terrorism financing activities.
Complying with our legal obligations and assisting government and law enforcement agencies or regulators/supervisors
Identifying and informing you about other products or services that we think may be of interest to you.
We may also collect, use and exchange your information in other ways permitted by law.
Information We Share
We may share the information about you and your dealings with us, to the extent permitted by law, with the following:
GTBank’s Branches and Subsidiaries
Regulators/Supervisors, Government Agencies/courts - It may be necessary by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence for GTBank to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.;
External Auditors;
Credit Agencies;
Correspondent banks;
GTBank’s strategic partners/service providers – for the purpose of improving and providing our products and services to you. Your Personal information will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
Information about our customers and their usage of our website is not shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We do not disclose any information about any user’s usage of our web site except in specific cases, and we do not share information with any unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes unless you expressly give us permission to do so.
How We Protect Your Information
We take appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent loss, unauthorized access, misuse, modification or disclosure of information under our control.
Your personal information with us remains secure because:
We use strict security measures and technologies to prevent fraud and intrusion.
Our Security controls and processes are regularly updated to meet and exceed industry standards.
Our employees are trained to respect the confidentiality of any personal information held by us
Where we have provided you (or where you have chosen) a password grants you access to specific areas on our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We request that you do not to share your password or other authentication details (e.g. token generated codes) with anyone. Other security measures you can take that will help us protect your data can be found at  www.gtbank.com/securitycentre
Where We Store Your Information
All Personal Information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers as well as secure physical locations  and cloud infrastructure (where applicable). The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at a destination outside Nigeria or the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Whenever your information is transferred to another location, we will take all necessary steps to ensure that your data is handled securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
How Long We Store Your Information
We retain your data for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) that it was collected. Storage of your data is also determined by legal, regulatory, administrative or operational requirements. 
Your Rights
You have certain rights available to you, these include
The right to access your personal information held by us. Your right of access can be exercised by sending an email to cea@gtbank.com
The right to rectify inaccurate or incomplete information.
withdraw consent for processing in cases where consent has previously been given.
restrict or object to processing of your personal data. We might continue to process your data if there are valid legal or operational reasons
You also have the right to:
Request that your personal data be made available to you in a common electronic format and/or request that such data be sent to a third party.
Request that your information be erased. We might continue to retain such data if there are valid legal, regulatory or operational reasons
Maintaining Accurate Information
Keeping your account information accurate and up to date is very important. You have access to your account information, which includes your contact information, account balances, transactions and similar information through various means, such as account statements, SMS Banking, Social Media Banking and Internet Banking.
If you discover any inaccuracies in your personal information, please promptly notify us, via our branch network or Contact Centre, and provide the required documentary evidence, to enable us implement the necessary updates or changes.
Applicability of This Privacy Policy
GTBank refers to Guaranty Trust Bank plc and its subsidiaries.
Guaranty Trust Bank plc comprises of GTBank branches worldwide.
Guaranty Trust Bank plc’s subsidiaries include the following:
Third-Party Sites and Services
GTBank’s websites, products, applications, and services may contain links to third-party websites, products and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or contact details is governed by their privacy practices and GTBank will not be liable for any breach of confidentiality or privacy of your information on such sites . We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
Social Media Platforms
GTBank may interact with registered users of various social media platforms, including  Facebook ,  Twitter,   Google+,   LinkedIn  and  Instagram . Please note that any content you post to such social media platforms (e.g. pictures, information or opinions), as well as any personal information that you otherwise make available to users (e.g. your profile) is subject to the applicable social media platform’s terms of use and privacy policies. We recommend that you review these information carefully in order to better understand your rights and obligations with regard to such content.
Privacy of Children
GTBank’s Policy contains the following disclosure statement for children:
"GTBank respects the privacy of children. We do not knowingly collect names, email addresses or any other personally identifiable information from children. We do not knowingly market to children nor do we allow children under 18 to open online accounts."
Promotional Messages
GTBank may sometimes contact you with products or services that we think may be of interest to you. If you don’t want to receive such promotional materials from us, you can opt out at any time by sending an email to cea@gtbank.com
Privacy Policy Changes
This policy may be revised on an ad-hoc basis to reflect the legal, regulatory and operating environment and such revised versions will automatically become applicable to you. We will post any revisions we make to our Privacy Policy on this page and such revised policy becomes effective as at the time it is posted. We will notify you when any changes to our privacy policy have been made. We also encourage you to check this page from time to time for updates to this policy.
Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to cea@gtbank.com. This privacy policy was last updated on 12th July, 2018
Navigate
