What information do we collect? 
We collect information from you when you register on our site. 
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for? 
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: 
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
How do we protect your information? 
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information. 
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies? 
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties? 
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only 
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent 
By using our site, you consent to our website privacy policy. 
Changes to our Privacy Policy 
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. 
This policy was last modified on 08/09/14
My RedBubble Store
POPULAR RIGHT NOW
The Janes and Johns Comics
Find me on Facebook
Email Address
Your email
Recipient email
Send
Cancel
