Free Shipping Details
Doheny’s Pool Supplies Fast has Free Shipping! This not only covers our brand name chemicals but also our most popular swimming pool supplies.
A handling fee will be applied to all orders. For certain products, a freight charge may be applied.
Order Total:
Next Day Delivery Details
Doheny’s is pleased to offer free next day delivery at no additional charge to most of the US for all Doheny's brand chemicals and many of our most popular swimming pool supplies. Next Day Delivery Service does not mean Next Day Air, but simply that your qualifying products will be shipped from the warehouse closest to you resulting in delivery the next day.
Some details regarding this service:
Other than for Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, not all products are stocked at all locations and therefore not available for next day delivery. Only those items with a Next Day Delivery designation on the product page can be expected to arrive the next day and orders must be placed by 4 pm local time (exceptions include areas serviced by our Florida, Texas, and Tennessee warehouses: Florida by 2 pm, Texas by 2:30 pm and Tennessee by 3 pm).
If you reside in the next day delivery area served by our Pleasant Prairie facility, order in-stock products and place your order by 4 pm CST you should receive your order the next day (except Saturday or Sunday). This applies to products even if they do not have a Next Day Delivery designation.
Because next day delivery is not guaranteed for standard service and residential deliveries are made only Monday through Saturday though Saturday delivery is not guaranteed, there is a chance that our product will not arrive the next day. While we try our best, unexpected demand can cause products to occasionally be out of stock or create a warehouse backlog that also can prevent shipment the day of the order.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The privacy and security of your personal information is very important to us. The personal information that you provide during your visit to www.doheny.com may be used to send you periodic mailings about new products or information regarding your swimming pool. We currently DO NOT share your information with any other outside organizations. If you do not wish to receive any further information from www.doheny.com please email us at customercare@doheny.com and include your full name and address.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated Privacy Policy, you may contact us at customercare@doheny.com .
Our Web site will ask you to provide personal information when you place an order, request email updates, or request a catalog. This information will include some or all of the following: your name, a company name, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, and credit card information. If you ship to an address different from your billing address, you will be asked to provide a "ship to" name and address.
Your information is used to process and deliver your order or catalog to the address specified. Your payment information allows us to bill your credit card company (if paying by credit card). We will contact you by phone or e-mail if we have questions regarding your order. If you make a purchase or sign up on our e-mail list, we may send you information and updates about new products, special sales and promotions. Doheny's uses both email and postal addresses to send information to you.
You are not required to use a password when you order on doheny.com however, you may find it more convenient. If you register your email address and choose a password when placing your first order with us, future orders will be easier. The next time you order online, just enter your e-mail address and password. Your name and address will be automatically filled in from our secure web server. For your protection we do not store your credit card information in our system and you will need to re-enter it each time you order.
Security Policy
Ordering online with Doheny's Pool Supplies Fast is private and secure. We have put in place the highest level of security on our website to ensure that your private information is kept secure. We encrypt your transactions with a Secure Socket Layer ❨SSL❩ which means your credit card information is being transmitted, both to and from your computer, in an encrypted format.
Our web site uses SSL technology. This is the gold standard in Internet encryption. This highly sophisticated system scrambles your financial data as it travels from your computer to our web site, making it useless to anyone but doheny.com.
The ordering and account information areas are protected by SSL and are referred to as secure. Secure transmission is not necessary for our product pictures or general site information and is not used there. This keeps our site faster and your shopping experience more enjoyable. Read more about SSL Certificates here.
doheny.com uses Norton Secured powered by Verisign, a well-known Internet company that validates site security. This verification process occurs in the background every time you enter a secure area of our web site.
You may use one of the following methods to determine if you are in secure mode or not:
Look at the web site address in your browser window. The address for non-secure areas begins with http://. The address for secure areas changes to https://; the "s" stands for secure.
Certain browsers have visual symbols telling you whether a site is secure or not.
When you move in and out of a secure area on doheny.com, your browser may show you a notification window, and you must click "continue" or "OK." These windows are not warnings, only notices to let you know where you are.
When you are finished ordering, it is perfectly safe to continue shopping on doheny.com in the standard mode. Your browser will revert automatically to this faster form of communication. Some browsers and some company firewalls do not permit secure communication such as that used at doheny.com. If for any reason you cannot access a secure server to place your order, please call our customer service department toll-free at 1-800-574-7665
Doheny's
Cookies
We use cookies on our site to use for advertising purposes. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected during this process. If you do not wish to have your computer cookied, you may Opt-Out of this advertising service by clicking here.
Lowest Price Guarantee
Sign Up
© 1996 to 2018 Doheny’s
Apply
only and varies by region. Get Details
Doheny's Lowest Price Guarantee
Shop with confidence at Doheny's.
Our volume discounts guarantee the absolute lowest prices on all of our products: swimming pool supplies, chemicals, equipment and more. To prove it, if you find a lower total delivered price by a licensed and authorized pool supply catalog or website (excludes auctions), we will refund you the difference. We will even guarantee our Low Price for 30 days after your purchase. Simply contact our Customer Service Team at: customercare@doheny.com or call us at 1-800-574-7665 to report the lower price. After verification, the difference will be promptly refunded. Doheny's is not responsible for inadvertent price or text misprints or errors. Some restrictions apply - call for details.
Doheny's Shipping & Delivery Services
Free Shipping Details
Doheny’s Pool Supplies Fast has Free Shipping! This not only covers our brand name chemicals, but also our most popular swimming pool supplies.
A handling fee will be applied to all orders. For certain products, a freight charge may be applied.
Order Total:
Next Day Delivery Details
Doheny’s is pleased to offer free next day delivery at no additional charge to most of the US for all Doheny's brand chemicals and many of our most popular swimming pool supplies. Next Day Delivery Service does not mean Next Day Air, but simply that your qualifying products will be shipped from the warehouse closest to you resulting in delivery the next day.
Some details regarding this service:
Other than for Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, not all products are stocked at all locations and therefore not available for next day delivery. Only those items with a Next Day Delivery designation on the product page can be expected to arrive the next day and orders must be placed by 4 pm local time (exceptions include areas serviced by our Florida, Texas, and Tennessee warehouses: Florida by 2 pm, Texas by 2:30 pm and Tennessee by 3 pm).
If you reside in the next day delivery area served by our Pleasant Prairie facility, order in-stock products and place your order by 4 pm CST you should receive your order the next day (except Saturday or Sunday). This applies to products even if they do not have a Next Day Delivery designation.
