ixf-compiler; ixf-compiler_1.0.0.0
bec-built-in; bec-built-in_1.0.1; bodystr
0 ms
Effective date: May 25, 2018
 
EU-U.S. Privacy Shield
Anaplan, Inc. (and its parent/subsidiary company(ies), such as Anaplan Limited, participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Anaplan, Inc. is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the  U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List .
Anaplan, Inc. is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Anaplan, Inc. complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Anaplan, Inc. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Anaplan, Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
 
Dispute Resolution
 
Information on the Websites is gathered in two ways:
Indirectly (for example, through the Websites’ technology)
Directly (for example, when you provide information on various pages of the Websites)
One example of information we collect indirectly is through our Internet access logs. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring /exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Anaplan and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service.
We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our Websites or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may learn more about how to opt-out by clicking  here  (or if located in the European Union click  here ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served all ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.
We also collect information when you voluntarily submit it to us such as your first name, last name, email address, phone number, job title and company name. Throughout our Websites, we provide the opportunity to register for an event or conference, order a white paper, or participate in an online survey. When we collect this type of information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for information and how this information will be used. It is completely up to you whether or not you want to provide it.
 
Information Related to Data Collected through the Anaplan Platform
 
How do we use this information?
 
Will we share this with outside parties?
As a global organization, data we collect may be transferred internationally throughout Anaplan’s worldwide organization. We will not sell individual information and will share it only as outlined in this Policy. We may share your information with service providers such as our hosting, email service, analytics, customer service, event or campaign management providers. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us or on our behalf. Before you submit any information, we will notify you as to why we are asking for specific information and it is up to you whether or not you want to provide it.
We may also partner with other companies that offer products or services related to ours or that host or sponsor related events. We may share your information with these business partners if you express interest in such products, services or events If you provide your personal information to event sponsors at their booths or presentations, you should review their privacy policies to learn how they use personal information.
We may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process and when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request or to any third party with your consent to do so. We will have no duty to notify you of such compliance with local law where applicable.
If Anaplan is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Websites of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
 
What about sensitive personal data?
 
Do we give you access to your information?
 
What about data security?
 
Links to Third Party Sites
 
Testimonials
 
Blog/Forum
 
Social Media Widgets
 
International Transfer of Data.
 
Communication Preferences.
 
Changes to this Policy
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
We are interested in maintaining your privacy and creating a valuable resource for you to use.
 
Phone: 415-742-8199
Fax: 415-202-6481
