This Privacy Policy forms part of the user agreement contained in the Terms of Service of quillette.com (“Website”) which is owned by Quillette Pty Ltd (ACN 623 668 619) (“Quillette”).
By using the Website and accepting the Terms of Service you agree to this Privacy Policy. You must not use the Website if you do not agree with this Privacy Policy.
A reference to “you” means an intending user or user (as the case requires) of the Website and a reference to “your” is a reference to you in the possessive form.
A reference to “we” or “us” is a reference to Quillette and a reference to “our” or “ours” is a reference to us in the possessive form.
This document is important and should be considered carefully by anyone intending to use the Website. Should you have any questions or comments you may contact us by email at inquiry@quillette.com.
As this policy may be updated from time to time, users of the Website should consider carefully whether any change to this policy may affect them, and whether any change is suitable to their continued use of the Website.
Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 14 May 2018.
Quillette will review its Privacy Policy when its service offering changes or it changes its third-party service providers.
What kinds of personal information do we collect and hold?
We collect and hold:
your website;
your system information used to connect with the Website such as:
device ID;
IP address;
traffic pathways into and out of the Website.
How do we collect and hold personal information?
We collect your information when you sign up for to our mailing list(s), when you visit pages on the Website, and when you input information to the Website, such as in the comments section of an article.
Your personal information may be aggregated with other users or be held on its own.
Your personal information is held on virtual private servers operated by Amazon Web Services.
The purposes for which personal information is collected, held, used and disclosed.
Your personal information is collected, held, used and disclosed in order to allow you to interact with the Website and to serve advertisements to you through Google AdSense and/or Amazon Associates Native Shopping Ads.
Ads appearing on the Website may be delivered to you by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognise your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
We use your personal information to contact you about the content of the Website and any additions to it. You may opt out of any of our direct marketing communications.
We disclose your personal information to the following third-party service providers in order to allow you to interact the Website and receive communication via our mailing list:
Amazon Web Services – hosting;
Google Analytics – user insights;
MailMunch – mailing list.
How may an individual access their personal information and seek its correction?
You may access your personal information available through the Website and correct it. If you believe we hold information that is incorrect, then you may request for us to amend it.
How may an individual complain to us and how will the complaint be handled?
To complain send an email to inquiry@quillette.com and the complaint will be at the first instance be addressed by Quillette’s Privacy Officer. We will work with you to address any unauthorised access to your personal information by a third-party.
Are we likely to disclose personal information to overseas recipients?
We use virtual private servers operated by Amazon Web Services to host the Website. Therefore, your personal information may be in various locations throughout the world, including but without limitation California, England, New York, Singapore and/or The Netherlands. We use the analytical tool Google Analytics. These services are run off servers in and out of the United States of America. To the extent the foregoing is disclosure of your personal information to overseas recipients, that is the likely extent of the disclosure to overseas recipients.
Top Stories
Share
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy
Free Thought Lives
