Interested in advertising in Outside? Email  ads@outsidemag.com
This policy covers the use of cookies and other tracking technologies and interest-based advertising on websites on which this policy appears.
Tracking Technologies We Use
We and third parties on the site collect personal information about users over time and across different websites, apps and devices (our platforms) when you use our platforms. We or third parties use several tracking technologies.  These may include browser and flash cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. These may also include device IDs. These technologies are used to track our consumers and platform users, including for the following reasons:
To track new visitors to our platforms.
To recognize past customers.
To store your password if you are registered on our platform.
To serve you with advertising content in which we think you will be interested.  As part of this customization, we may observe your behaviors on this platform or on other platforms. We may also get information about your browsing history from our trusted business partners.
To integrate with third party social media platforms.
To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple platforms or devices.
So we can better understand our audience, our customers, our platform visitors, and their respective interests.
We may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on this website. Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date. For further details, see below, consult the help menu in your browser, or visit www.allaboutcookies.org .
Here is more information about certain tracking technologies cookies we currently use on our sites. We use all of these tracking technologies to improve our site and the experience of our visitors:
Analytics: Google Analytics
We use these tracking tools to collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we collect details of the site where the visitor has come from and the total number of times a visitor has been to our website.
To opt out of being tracked by Google Analytics, visit: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Advertising/Analytics: Quantcast and Quantcount
We use Quantcast tracking tools to track user behaviour over time and across third-party sites to improve the effectiveness of our online advertising.  The information collected is used to improve and deliver relevant advertising.  We use Quantcount to collect information about how visitors use our website.  For example, we collect details of the site where the visitor has come from and the total number of times a visitor has been to our website.
To opt out of being tracked by Quantcast, visit: https://www.quantcast.com/opt-out/
Advertising: Amazon Associates
We use these tracking tools to track user behaviour over time and across third-party sites to improve the effectiveness of our online advertising.  The information collected is used to improve and deliver relevant advertising.
To opt out of being tracked by Amazon, visit: https://www.amazon.com/adprefs/ref=hp_468496_advertisingpref2
Advertising: DoubleClick, Google Tag Manager, and Google Publisher Tags
We use these tracking tools to track user behavior over time and across third party sites to improve the effectiveness of our online advertising. The information collected is used to improve and customize our advertising.
To opt out of being tracked by Google, visit: https://adssettings.google.com/
Analytics: ScoreCard Research Beacon
We use these tracking tools to collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we collect details of the site where the visitor has come from and the total number of times a visitor has been to our website.
To opt out of being tracked by ScoreCard across all websites visit: http://www.scorecardresearch.com/preferences.aspx  
Advertising: Facebook Business
We use these tracking tools to track user behaviour over time and across third-party sites to improve the effectiveness of our online advertising.  The information collected is used to improve and deliver relevant advertising.
To opt out of being tracked by Facebook, visit: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217
Analytics: Chartbeat
We use this technology to collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we collect details of the site where the visitor has come from and the total number of times a visitor has been to our website.
To opt out of being tracked by Chartbeat, visit: https://static.chartbeat.com/opt-out.html
Functionality: Facebook Connect
We use this technology to allow users to share their experiences with our apps and websites on Facebook. For example, we may collect your browser information, demographic data, and interaction data.
To opt out of being tracked by Facebook Connect, visit: https://www.facebook.com/help/211829542181913?helpref=faq_content
Analytics: AvantLink
We use this technology to track referrals to third-party web retailers when you buy a product linked from our site. 
Analytics: New Relic
We use this technology to collect information about how visitors use our website. For example, we collect details of the site where the visitor has come from and the total number of times a visitor has been to our website.
To opt out of being tracked by New Relic, visit: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy
Analytics: Moat
 
To opt out of being tracked by Moat, visit: https://moat.com/privacy#your_choice
Controlling Our Use of Tracking Technologies
You may control our use of cookies.  How you do so depends on the type of cookie.  You can configure your browser to reject browser cookies.  To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browsers, click  here . To control flash cookies, click  here . Why? Because flash cookies do not reside in your browser, and thus your browser settings will not affect them. If you configure your computer to block cookies, you may not be able to access certain functionality on our platforms.
Our Do-Not-Track Policy
Some web browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals.  If you block cookies, certain features on our platforms may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop. Options you select are browser and device specific.
We engage in interest-based advertising.
We and our partners display interest-based advertising using information gathered about you over time across multiple platforms or devices.
Interest-based advertising or “online behavioral advertising” includes ads served to you after you leave our platform, encouraging you to return. They also include ads we think are relevant based on your shopping habits or online activities. These ads might be served on websites or on apps. They might also be served in emails. We might serve these ads, or third parties may serve ads. They might be about our products or other companies’ products.
How do we gather relevant information about you for interest-based advertising?
To decide what is relevant to you, we use information you make available to us when you interact with us, our affiliates, and other third parties. We gather this information using the tracking tools described above. For example, we or our partners might look at your purchases or browsing behaviors. We might look at these activities on our platforms or the platforms of others. We work with third parties who help gather this information. These third parties might link your name or email address to other information they collect. That might include past purchases made offline or online. Or, it might include online usage information.
Opting Out of Receiving Seeing Tracking-Based Ads
The Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising program provides consumers with the ability to opt-out of having their online behavior recorded and used for advertising purposes. If you want to opt out from participating companies, visit this page. Choices you make are both browser and device-specific.
Some of the tracking technologies we may use do not participate in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. This means you will not be opted out by following the instructions above. Instead, see the chart above to get more information about how to opt-out of that tracker’s cookies.
The Digital Advertising Alliance also offers a tool for opting out of the collection of cross-app data on a mobile device for interest-based advertising. To exercise choice for companies participating in this tool, download the AppChoices app  here .
If you opt out of online behavioral advertising (or interest-based advertising) or reject cookies, this will not stop you from seeing advertising – this will just not be tailored to your interests and therefore is less likely to be relevant to you.
Certain choices you make are both browser- and device-specific.
Contact: If you have any questions about this cookie policy or our treatment of your personal data, please contact us at privacy@outsidemag.com. You can call us at (312) 222-1100. If you would like to write to us, our address is Mariah Media Network, LLC, 444 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 3350, Chicago IL 60611.
Terms and Conditions of Use
Mariah Media Network LLC owns and operates the Outside Internet site located at www.outsideonline.com and www.outsidemag.com and other websites and mobile applications or platforms on which these terms and conditions of use appear (collectively, including all content "Website").  Your continued access and use of the Website is conditional on your acceptance and compliance with the terms and conditions of use set out below (this “Agreement”).  This Agreement will govern your use of any new or existing Website features (together the “Services”).  Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to confer any third-party rights or benefits.  THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS DISCLAIMERS, OTHER PROVISIONS THAT LIMIT OUR LIABILITY TO YOU AND BINDING ARBITRATION.
By accessing, browsing, using and/or downloading the pages in this Website, you agree to accept and comply with this Agreement for each use and visit to this Website.  If you do not agree to accept and comply with this Agreement, you should not access, browse or otherwise use this Website.
Mariah Media reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this Agreement, and you agree to be bound by such modifications, alterations, or updates prospectively from the date of notice of such changes. Such changes, modifications, additions or deletions will be effective immediately upon notice to you, which may be given by any means, including but not limited to posting on this Website or by electronic or conventional mail. You agree to regularly review this Agreement and to be aware of such revisions. Your use of this Website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by this Agreement as changed.
Binding Arbitration
 
BY AGREEING TO THE ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES AS SET FORTH HEREIN, YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL AND LIMITING YOUR RIGHT TO APPEAL AND YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHTS TO OTHER AVAILABLE RESOLUTION PROCESSES, SUCH AS A COURT ACTION.  DO NOT USE THIS WEBSITE IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE FOREGOING BINDING ARBITRATION PROVISIONS.
Grant and Restrictions on Use
All information, including, without limitation, all text, design, graphics, drawings, photographs, advertisements, video clips, music and sounds, and all trade-marks, service marks and trade names and the selection and arrangements thereof (collectively the “Content”) comprised in the Website, excluding any User Submissions as defined below (“Site Content”) is, unless otherwise noted, subject to intellectual property rights including copyrights and trademarks held by or licensed by Mariah Media. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, no license to use, copy, distribute, republish, transmit or otherwise exploit any Site Content is given to you and all intellectual property rights in and to the Site Content are expressly reserved to Mariah Media.
Account
In order to access some features of the Website, you will have to create an account. You may never use another's account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. By creating an account, you represent and warrant that the information you provide is true and that you will keep it up to date.
You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password confidential and secure. You must notify Mariah Media immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account.
Although Mariah Media will not be liable for your losses caused by any unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses of Mariah Media or others due to such unauthorized use.
Acceptable Use
To register for the Website you may be required to provide certain personal information including your name and email address.  You are prohibited from transmitting any “sensitive” personally identifiable information over the Website, which may include, but not be limited to, any information about yourself or another person that may relate to health or medical conditions, social security/social insurance numbers or national identifiers, credit card, bank account or other financial information, other information concerning trade union membership, sex life, political opinions, criminal charges or convictions, religious or philosophical beliefs, racial or ethnic origin, or other sensitive matters.
You are also prohibited from:
(i)     using the Website to send or post harassing, abusive, or threatening messages;
(ii)   transmitting through the Website any information, data, text, files, links, software, or other materials that are unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, hateful, racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable, soliciting passwords or personal information for commercial or unlawful purposes, including hidden pages, links or images, providing instructional information about illegal activities, or which threatens our relationships with our partners, customers or suppliers;
(iii)  attempting to conceal or misrepresent the identity of the sender or person submitting the information;
(iv)  disrupting the normal flow of the Website, including any dialogue on the Website or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other participants;
(v)    sending spam or other direct marketing communications or posting, transmitting or linking to any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or any other forms of solicitation or commercial content;
(vi)  intentionally or unintentionally performing or promoting any activity that would violate any applicable local, state, national or international law, including but not limited to any regulations having the force of law while using or accessing the Website;
(vii) posting or transmitting executable programming of any kind, including viruses, spyware, trojan horses, easter eggs, or any other form of computer programming or disabling mechanism;
(viii)    posting User Submissions or using the Website in such a way that damages the image or rights of Mariah Media, other users or third parties;
(ix)   using any robot, spider or other automatic program or device, or manual process to monitor, copy, summarize, or otherwise extract information from this Website or the Site Content in whole or in part, including, without limitation, creating any frames at any other Websites pertaining to any portions of this Website.
User Submissions and Conduct
As a Website account holder or user you may submit textual content, photos, video, and other materials on the Website (collectively referred to as "User Submissions").  You will be solely responsible for your own User Submissions and the consequences of posting or publishing them. In connection with User Submissions, you affirm, represent, and/or warrant that: you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Mariah Media to use all patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other proprietary rights in and to any and all User Submissions and have all necessary consents to collect, use and disclose any personally identifiable information, images or likeness contained or displayed in any and all User Submissions to enable inclusion and use of the User Submissions in the manner contemplated by the Website and this Agreement.  You agree that you will not impersonate any person or organization, including without limitation, the personnel of Mariah Media, or misrepresent an affiliation with another person or organization.  You agree that you will not submit as part of any User Submission any material that is copyrighted, protected by trade secret, confidentiality agreement, or otherwise subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy and publicity rights, unless you are the owner of such rights or have permission from their rightful owner and the necessary consents from any individuals whose personally identifiable information is contained in such material to post the material and to grant Mariah Media all of the license rights granted herein. You represent and warrant that Mariah Media’s use thereof does not and will not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, trademark rights, patents, contract rights or any other intellectual property rights or other rights of any person or entity.
For clarity, you retain all of your ownership rights in your User Submissions. However, by submitting User Submissions to Mariah Media, you hereby grant Mariah Media a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, transferable license to use, reproduce, distribute, sublicense to others, modify, translate, prepare derivative works of, publicly display, and publicly perform the User Submissions in connection with the Website and Mariah Media’s business, including without limitation for promoting and redistributing part or all of the Website (and derivative works thereof) in any and all media formats and through any and all media channels now known or hereafter devised, without any compensation or payment of royalties. This license includes the right to host, index, cache, distribute, and tag any User Submissions, as well as the right to sublicense User Submissions to third parties, including other users, for use on other media or platforms known or hereinafter developed, such as for use on mobile phones, in video or music software computer programs. You also hereby waive any moral rights you may have in your User Submissions and grant each user of the Website a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Website, and to use, reproduce, distribute, display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Website and under this Agreement. 
Release and Indemnity
Your User Submission is voluntary and subject to the Privacy Policy. Your User Submission is voluntary and subject to the Privacy Policy. You are responsible for the content of the User Submission and agree to defend (at Mariah Media’s option and at your sole expense), indemnify and hold Mariah Media harmless from any damages, losses, costs, or expenses, including attorneys' fees, which Mariah Media may incur as a result of your User Submission. If you are viewing this Website on a public computer or are otherwise using a computer to which multiple people have potential access, be sure to follow all relevant instructions to ensure you are sufficiently disconnected and logged off this Website and the computer system you are using to prevent unauthorized User Submissions. Mariah Media retains the right to review, edit, or delete from this Website any User Submission which Mariah Media in its sole discretion considers illegal, offensive, or otherwise inappropriate or may infringe the rights of Mariah Media or any third party without prior notice. Mariah Media may cancel your account and delete all User Submissions associated with your account at any time, and without notice, if it deems that you have violated these Terms, the law, or for any other reason.  Mariah Media assumes no liability for any information removed from our Website, and reserves the right to permanently restrict access to the Website or a user account.
Mariah Media does not endorse any User Submission or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein. You also acknowledge and agree that you, and not Mariah Media, are entirely responsible for your User Submission and that Mariah Media does not control the User Submissions posted on the Website, as such, does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such User Submission. You understand that by using or viewing the Website, you may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent or objectionable. Mariah Media expressly disclaims any and all liability in connection with User Submissions.
Due to the volume of responses, it may not be possible for us to respond to or publish every User Submission made to the Website.
Infringement Notices
If you are the owner of intellectual property rights you believe have been infringed by a user on our website, please complete our Proprietary Rights Complaint Form.
Access and Account Termination
Mariah Media reserves the right to deny or revoke access to this Website, or any part thereof, or to otherwise terminate a user's access to its Website, at any time in its sole discretion, with or without cause and without notice to you.
App Platform Users
The use of the app version of the Website requires use of a mobile device and wireless mobile data service, which must be obtained from your wireless carrier, and may require Internet access, which must be obtained from your service provider; you are responsible for obtaining and paying for such additional services and obtaining a suitable device, including without limitation all usage charges related thereto. You are required to send and receive, at your cost, electronic communications related to the app, including without limitation, administrative messages, service announcements, diagnostic data reports, and app updates, from Mariah Media, your mobile carrier or third party service providers. If you do not have an unlimited wireless mobile data plan, you may incur additional charges from your wireless service provider in connection with your use of the app. You are solely responsible for obtaining any additional subscription or connectivity services or equipment necessary to access the app, including but not limited to payment of all third party fees associated therewith, including fees for information sent to or through the app.
Mariah Media may, at its discretion, automatically download app updates to your device from time to time. You agree to accept these app updates, and to pay for any costs associated with receiving them. The app may not work with all devices or all mobile carriers. Mariah Media makes no representations that the app will be compatible with or provided by all mobile carriers. In the event that fees are charged for the app, or other third party service providers charge a fee for the products or services they provide, you agree to pay such fee to the respective party in exchange for your continued use of such products or services. Some services may be subject to different or additional terms (including fees), which you will be required to agree to prior to your use of such services.
Users of the Apple Platform 
If you download and use our iPhone or iPad app: You, the end-user of this app, acknowledge that this agreement is entered into by and between Mariah Media and its affiliates, and you, and not with Apple, Inc., and Apple, Inc. is not responsible for the app, the Website, the Services, and/or the Content. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you acknowledge that Apple, Inc. and its subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this agreement and that Apple, Inc. has the right (and is deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this agreement. You acknowledge that Apple, Inc. has no obligation whatsoever to maintain or support the app. You acknowledge that you have reviewed and agree to the App Store Terms and Conditions (located online athttp://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/us/terms.html#APPS), including the Usage Rules set forth therein. This agreement incorporates by reference the Licensed Application End User License Agreement (the "LAEULA") published by Apple, Inc. (located online at http://www.apple.com/legal/itunes/appstore/dev/stdeula/). For purposes of this Agreement, the app is considered the "Licensed Application" as defined in the LAEULA and we are considered the "Application Provider" as defined in the LAEULA. If any terms of this Agreement conflict with the terms of the LAEULA, the terms of this Agreement shall control. In the event of any failure of the app to conform to any applicable warranty set forth herein, you acknowledge that to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple, Inc. will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the app, and any other claims, losses, liabilities, damages, costs or expenses attributable to any failure to conform to any warranty. You further acknowledge and agree that in no event will Apple, Inc. be responsible for any claims relating to the app (including, without limitation, a third party claim that the app infringes that third party's intellectual property rights) or your use or possession of the app, including but not limited to: (i) product liability claims; (ii) any claim that the app fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (iii) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
Access to Site
While Mariah Media endeavors to ensure that this Website is available at all times, Mariah Media will not be liable if, for any reason, this Website is unavailable at any time or for any period.
Disclaimer
THE MATERIALS, INFORMATION AND SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS, AS AVAILABLE” BASIS. NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE MADE WITH RESPECT TO THIS WEBSITE OR ANY INFORMATION OR SOFTWARE THEREIN. MARIAH MEDIA DOES NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT OR COVENANT THAT THE WEBSITE, SERVICES, CONTENT, SITE CONTENT, USER SUBMISSIONS, WILL BE AVAILABLE OR ERROR FREE, AND DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY IN THE EVENT OF ANY SERVICE FAILURE.
Liability
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL MARIAH MEDIA, ANY OTHER PARTY (WHETHER OR NOT INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, MAINTAINING OR DELIVERING THE SITE) AND THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS AND AGENTS OF MARIAH MEDIA OR THAT PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (COLLECTIVELY, “DAMAGES”) THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THIS WEBSITE, NOR SHALL MARIAH MEDIA BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY EVENTS BEYOND MARIAH MEDIA’S REASONABLE CONTROL, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ACTS OF GOD, COMMUNICATIONS LINE FAILURE, THEFT, DESTRUCTION, OR UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO THIS WEBSITE'S RECORDS, PROGRAMS, OR SERVICES. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO A NEGLIGENT ACT, WILL MARIAH MEDIA OR ITS AFFILIATES OR AGENTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGE OF ANY KIND THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF, OR THE INABILITY TO USE, THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF MARIAH MEDIA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DAMAGES; AS A RESULT, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS OR EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU IN WHOLE OR IN PART AND THE FOREGOING PARAGRAPH SHALL NOT APPLY TO A RESIDENT OF NEW JERSEY TO THE EXTENT DAMAGES TO SUCH NEW JERSEY RESIDENT ARE THE RESULT OF MARIAH MEDIA’S NEGLIGENT, FRAUDULENT, OR RECKLESS ACT(S) OR INTENTIONAL MISCONDUCT.
Governing Law and Attornment
This Agreement is governed by and will be construed in accordance with the laws of Illinois.  ANY LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO, OR USE OF, THE WEBSITE OR THIS AGREEMENT NOT SUBJECT TO THE ARBITRATION PROVISION SET FORTH HEREIN WILL BE INSTITUTED ONLY IN A LOCAL, STATE , OR FEDERAL COURT LOCATED IN COOK COUNTY, ILLINOIS. YOU AND MARIAH MEDIA AGREE TO SUBMIT TO THE JURISDICTION OF, AND AGREE THAT VENUE IS PROPER IN, THESE COURTS IN ANY SUCH LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING.
Waiver
The delay or omission by either party to enforce or exercise any terms or right pursuant to this Agreement will not impair any such term or right nor be construed to be a waiver thereof and will in no way affect the other party’s right later to enforce it. Any waiver by either party of any covenants, conditions or agreements to be performed by the other party will not be construed to be a waiver of any succeeding breach thereof or any covenant, conditions or agreement herein contained.
Third Party Links
The Website may contain links to third party websites that are not owned or controlled by Mariah Media. Mariah Media has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party websites. In addition, Mariah Media will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party site. By using the Website, you expressly relieve Mariah Media from any and all liability arising from your use of any third-party website.
Accordingly, we encourage you to be aware when you leave the Website and to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each other website that you visit.
Miscellaneous
If any part of this Agreement is unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity or enforceability of any remaining provisions. Any information related to your use of this Website for illegal purposes will be provided to law enforcement authorities. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties relating to the use of this Website and supersedes and replaces any prior agreement and communication between the parties relating thereto.
Mariah Media Network LLC’s Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy describes Mariah Media’s online privacy practices on the platforms where this policy is located.  These may include websites and sites designed for mobile devices.  The policy may also apply to the mobile and smart phone applications to which it might link.
For purposes of European data protection laws, the controller responsible for the data collection and processing described in this Privacy Policy is Mariah Media Network, LLC, 444 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 3350, Chicago IL 60611.
We Collect Information From and About You
Contact information. For example, we may collect your name and email address.  We may also collect your street address or phone number.  We may collect other I.D. numbers like user names.
Payment information.  For example, if you make purchases, we might collect your credit card information.
Information you submit or post. We collect the information you submit to us or post in a public space on our platform. 
Demographic information. For example, this includes your zip code. We may also collect your age and gender. We may collect this information if you contact us or enter a promotion.
Usage, behavioral, and device information. We may collect information about the website browser you are using, the pages you visit, or the third-party websites from which or to which you go from our platform. We may also collect information about your equipment or device like an IP address or a device or advertising identifier. We might look at how often you use the app and where you downloaded it. We collect this information using the tracking technologies described here.
Location information. We may collect information about your location, including your precise location. We may collect this information using different types of technologies, including GPS and Wi-Fi.
We Collect Information in Different Ways
We collect information directly from you.  For example, if you register on our platform, enter a contest, or take one of our online surveys.
We collect information from you passively. For example, we use tracking tools like cookies and web beacons to track user behavior.  We collect information about users over time and across different platforms and devices when you use this platform.  We may have third parties collect personal information this way.
We get information about you from third parties. We may get information about you or your preferences from our business partners. Social media platforms may also give us information about you.
We Combine Information We May Get from Various Sources 
For example, if you are a subscriber to our print magazine, and register on this platform, we may combine the information we already have about you.  We may also combine information about you that we learn from third parties with information we already have. We may combine information that we collect across devices or platforms.
We Use Information as Disclosed and Described Here
We use information for our business purposes.  These include:
To process your requests and for related purposes.  For example, to fulfill an order you place with us.  Or, we may use your information to contact you about a purchase.
To promote Outside Online and our related companies and products.  For example, we might send you updates about our platforms or new products.  We may also send you other information which we think you might find interesting.  We may contact you using the contact information we have about you.
To tell you about third-party products or services we think you will like.  For example, we might send you information about a deal that we are able to offer to our registered users.
To operate our platforms and serve our advertisements.  For example, we use information we collect to analyze trends and improve platform layout.  We also monitor traffic patterns at our platforms to personalize our platform.  We sometimes work with third parties to help us with our platform monitoring activities. Our monitoring may include tracking your online activities, either ourselves or with the help of our vendors or other third parties.  Monitoring may be across our platforms and be used to serve you with content in which we think you would be interested. To learn more about our tracking tools, click here.
To protect our platforms and services. We may use information to protect our company, our customers, and our services.
We use information as otherwise permitted by law or as we may notify you.
We May Share Information with Third Parties
We will share information within the Mariah Media family of companies.
We will share information with third parties who perform services on our behalf. For example, we share information with vendors, or will authorize them to collect information on our behalf. We also share information with companies that help us operate our platforms or fulfill customer requests.
We will share information with any successor to all or part of our business.  For example, if part of our business was sold we may sell our customer list as part of that transaction.
We may share information with third party business partners.  For example, we might share your information when we conduct a joint promotion with another company.
We may share this information if we think we have to in order to comply with the law or to protect ourselves. For example, we will disclose information in response to subpoenas or investigative requests. We may share information with a government agency or investigatory body requests it. We might share information if we are investigating potential fraud. This might include fraud we think has happened during a promotion. If you are the winner of a sweepstakes or contest, we may also share your information with anyone who requests a winner’s list.
We may share information for other reasons as may be described to you.
Your Choices
You can opt out of marketing emails by following the instructions in any marketing emails you receive.  You can also opt-out by sending an email message to emailreply@outsidemag.com with the word “unsubscribe” in the subject line.  Even if you opt out of getting marketing messages, we will still send you transactional messages.
You can control certain cookies and tracking tools. To learn how to manage how we—and our vendors and other third parties—use cookies and other tracking tools, and to read our Do Not Track policy, please click here .
Your EU and Other Privacy Rights
You have the following rights, where provided under applicable law, regarding your information (each of which are subject to various exceptions and limitations):
The right to be informed: You have the right to be provided with clear, transparent and easily understandable information about how we use your information and your rights. This is why we are providing you with the information in this Privacy Policy.
The right of access: You have the right to obtain access to your information (if we are processing it), and other certain other information (similar to that provided in this Privacy Policy).  This is so you are aware and can check that we are using your information in accordance with data protection law.
The right to rectification: You are entitled to have your information corrected if it is inaccurate or incomplete.
The right to erasure: This is also known as ‘the right to be forgotten’ and, in simple terms, enables you to request the deletion or removal of your information where there’s no compelling reason for us to keep using it. This is not a general right to erasure; there are exceptions.
The right to restrict processing: You have rights to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further. We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future.
The right to data portability: You have rights to obtain and reuse your personal data for your own purposes across different services and platforms.
The right to object: You have the right to object to certain types of processing, in particular processing based on our legitimate interests.  You also can object at any time to your information being used for direct marketing purposes (including profiling related to such direct marketing). Where you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data shall no longer be processed for such purposes.
If you are not satisfied with our response to your complaint or believe our processing of your information does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to an EU data protection authority.
We will retain your personal information for as long as needed to provide you with any services which you request. We will retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We process your personal data where you have consented, where it is necessary to perform our contract with you, to perform our legal obligations, and/or for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
Please note your rights in relation to your personal data are not absolute. We may, for example, deny you access to your personal data when required or authorized by law, or if granting access would have an unreasonable impact on another individual’s privacy.  
Our Ads
Third parties advertise on our platforms, and we also contract with third parties to serve ads across the Internet and across multiple devices.  The ads we serve may be based on tracking activities, as described in more detail here .
Security
We use industry standard security measures to protect our platforms.  However, we cannot guarantee that the Internet or your use of our platforms will be completely secure.  We encourage you to take steps to protect yourself online.  For example, do not share your password with other people including ensuring that any online account information you have remains secure.
About Children
Our platforms are not created for children.  We do not believe children are interested in our platforms, and do not knowingly collect information from children under 13.  If you are a parent or guardian and think we have information about your child who is under 13, please contact us at privacy@outsidemag.com. To learn more about how to protect your child online, visit the FTC’s website and read the helpful information provided by the FTC.
Links
Our platforms contain links to third party sites.   If you click on one of those links, you will be taken to sites we do not control.  This policy does not apply to the information practices of those sites.  You should read the privacy policy of other sites carefully.  We are not responsible for such third party's sites.
Non-US Users
Our platforms are operated in the United States and other countries located outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and are subject to United States laws. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to or processed in the United States or other countries located outside of the EEA.  The standard of data protection in the United States and in certain other countries where we may process your information is considered by the European Commission to be not adequate when compared to the date protection standards of the EU and EEA.  Please also be aware that by using our platforms and giving us your information, you consent to such transfer.
Policy Updates
From time to time we may change our privacy practices. The latest version of this policy will be posted here.  If there is a material change to this policy that we plan to apply retroactively, we will notify you as required by law. Please check our platforms periodically for updates.
How to Contact Us
If users have any questions, comments, or concerns about our privacy practices, you can email us at privacy@outsidemag.com. You can call us at (312) 222-1100. If you would like to write to us, our address is Mariah Media Network, LLC, 444 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 3350, Chicago IL 60611.
Mariah Media Network LLC Addendum to IAB Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less (Version 3.0)
Dated September 12, 2018
This Addendum (the “Mariah Media Network, LLC Addendum”) is to the IAB STANDARD TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR INTERNET ADVERTISING FOR MEDIA BUYS ONE YEAR OR LESS (Version 3.0) (the “Terms”).  The Terms, as modified by this Mariah Media Network, LLC Addendum, constitute the parties’ agreement (the “Agreement”).  To the extent anything in this Mariah Media Network, LLC Addendum conflicts with the Terms and/or the applicable IO, Mariah Media Network, LLC Addendum shall control. Capitalized terms used and defined in the Terms shall have the same meaning when used in this Mariah Media Network, LLC Addendum.
The Terms are hereby modified as follows:
Advertiser and Media Company agree to be bound by the IAB Standard Terms and Conditions for Internet Advertising for Media Buys One Year or Less (Version 3.0), as amended by this Mariah Media Network, LLC Addendum.
The first sentence of Section II(a) is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:  “Media Company will comply with the IO, including all Ad placement restrictions, and, except as set forth in Section VI(c), will use commercially reasonable efforts to create a reasonably balanced delivery schedule; provided that, Advertiser and Agency acknowledge that given the nature of Media Company’s business (i.e., outdoor recreation, which is seasonally-and event-driven), impressions on the Site may spike at times.”
Section II(c) is amended to add the following:  “Media Company’s technical specifications can be found at https://www.outsideonline.com/ads ”
Section IV(b) is deleted in its entirety.
Section VI(c) is amended to add “bonus Deliverables,” after “If an IO contains” and before “CPA Deliverables, CPL Deliverables, or CPC Deliverables, the predictability, forecasting, and conversions for such Deliverables may vary and guaranteed delivery, even delivery, and makegoods are not available.
Section IX(f) is amended by adding the following:  “All use of Third Party Ad Server tags shall comply with Media Company’s Policies including, without limitation, policies regarding use of tags, pixels, JavaScript, cookies and any other technology now known or hereafter developed that is designed to track users’ online behavior or activity, which can be found at https://www.outsideonline.com/ads .”
To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle.
Pinterest Icon
