 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LOSS OF REVENUE;
LOSS OF GOODWILL;
LOSS OF DATA;
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cypress, California 90630
 
 
 
 
 
In order to use certain Services, you may be required to provide your name, valid email address, phone number, Twitter and/or Facebook user names, contact preferences and browser information. This information is used for such purposes as allowing you to set up a user account and profile, improving the content and delivery of the Services and communicating with you about specials, new features and important notices. If you feel that an unauthorized account has been created depicting you or your likeness, you can request its removal by contacting Nitto as provided below.
 
 
 
Nitto may use cookies, web beacons and similar technology in connection with your use of the Services ("Cookies"). Cookies may have unique identifiers, and reside, among other places, on your computer, in emails Nitto sends to you, and on our websites. Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of the Services, such as your browser type, search preferences, and the date and time of your use. You can disable some (but not all) Cookies in your device or browser settings, but doing so may affect your ability to use the Services.
Nitto and its service providers gather certain information automatically and store it in log files when you use the Services. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.
Nitto may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information. You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information.
 
 
 
Nitto may outsource to third parties certain services/functions, including, without limitation: (a) customer support; (b) information processing; (c) tracking and reporting; (d) product and prize fulfillment; and (e) other functions and services. Nitto may share your information with such third party service providers. These parties are obligated to protect your information.
Nitto may share your information with subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control, in which case Nitto will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires Nitto or all or substantially all of our assets, Nitto may transfer your information to that company and that company will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cypress, California 90630
Recommended for you
I’d like to receive Driving Line’s twice-monthly eNewsletter
Sign me up for a quarterly digital magazine subscription
What would you like to learn more about? (Check all that apply)
4x4 and Off-Road
Subscription Confirmed!
Continue on to reading this issue and look for links to the latest issues, straight to your inbox, as soon as they’re released!
Rock 'n Roll
Fueled By Enthusiasts
Driving Line accelerates automotive passion by providing a fresh angle of what fuels us. Recognizing that every individual's motoring journey is unique, we seek to give form to both untold as well as celebrated facets of the automotive world. We invite you to get behind the wheel with us, it's certain to be an interesting drive.
Loading ...
