Our websites use cookies. By continuing, you agree to their use. See details
Last Updated: April 25, 2018
This Privacy Policy describes how Portfolium Inc. ("Portfolium," "us," and "we") collects, uses and shares personal information of users of our website located at portfolium.com our mobile application called "Portfolium" (the "App" and, together with the website, the "Site") and the Services (as defined below). Portfolium provides an online platform where students and alumni can showcase their work, discover the work of others, and collaborate on projects, ideas and opportunities (the "Services").
To see specifically how Portfolium adheres to The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), please visit: https://portfolium.com/ferpa
WHAT WE COLLECT
Information You Provide to Us.
We may collect personal information from you, such as your first and last name, email address and password, geographic information (such as your city, state and country), school information (such as your school, major and graduation year), company information (such as your company name, description, industry, size), job title, phone number, gender, birthday and additional profile information (including, without limitation, a profile photo, cover photo, and tagline) when you create an account to log into our network or are onboarding to the Site ("Account") or are onboarding to the Site.
When you post certain content on our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users of the Site may be able to see it, along with any other information that you choose to make public through your profile ("Profile"). Messages between users are private only to the users on the thread.
After you create an Account, you may choose to provide additional information on your Profile, such as descriptions of your skills, professional experience, and educational background. You can also upload your resume to include in your Profile.
When you apply for a job through the Services, we will collect any additional information from you needed to apply for the job.
When you post a job through the Services, we will collect any additional information about the job such as the job description, job requirements and how to apply.
We may collect your phone number and the unique device id number of the mobile device on which you use the App.
We retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your Account.
If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional personal information.
For each portfolio entry (each an "Entry") you submit, we may collect the title, category, description, and associated image for the Entry as well as hashtags associated with and tagged teammates with respect to the Entry.
When you "like" an Entry we will collect information around your "like" and will include you as a "Liker" of the entry along with certain Profile information, such as your profile photo.
If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can disable location services on your device, reinstall the App, or deactivate GPS on your mobile device.
When you post messages through the Services and/or comment on content available through the Site, the information contained in your posting and/or comment will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
If you purchase certain additional services through the Services, we may collect information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information, billing information.
We also collect other types of personal information that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services.
If you participate in a contest, sweepstakes or other promotion, we will collect any data you provide in connection with that promotion.
We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our Services.
We may also collect personal information at other points in our Site that state that personal information is being collected.
Information Collected via Social Networking Sites. The Services may allow users to login through or connect with various social networking sites, such as Facebook and LinkedIn (each an "SNS"). By logging in with or connecting with an SNS, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the SNS terms of use in your use of the Services. We may receive information from an SNS and that information may be imported to the Site (either as a part of your Profile or otherwise). Once you login through or connect with an SNS, you may be able to post recent activity or content back to the SNS. Any information that we collect from an SNS may depend on your SNS privacy settings, so please consult the SNS' privacy and data practices. Further, you can edit privacy settings via the SNS, or disable the connection with the SNS by visiting the applicable SNS. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the SNSs. We will not be liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or available on such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
Information Collected via Technology.
Generally. When you use our Services, some information is automatically collected. For example, when you use our Services, your geographic location, how you use the Services, information about the type of device you use, your Open Device Identification Number, date/time stamps for your visit, your unique device identifier, your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, and domain name are all collected. This information is generally used to help us deliver the most relevant information to you and administer and improve the Site. In addition, in the event our App crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our App.
Log Files. We gather certain information automatically and store it in log files, including IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to improve the content of the Site, market research purposes, to communicate information to visitors and to better tailor our Services to our users' needs.
Cookies. We may log information using "Cookies." Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
Pixel Tags. In addition, we use "Pixel Tags" (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs). Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users, but are embedded invisibly in Web pages.
Flash LSOs. When we post videos, third parties may use local shared objects, known as "Flash Cookies," to store your preferences for volume control or to personalize certain video features. Flash Cookies are different from browser Cookies because of the amount and type of data and how the data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash Cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash Cookies, click here.
Analytics. We use analytics services (including, but not limited to, Google Analytics) to help analyze how users use the Site. Analytics services use Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site and we use the information to improve our Site and Services. The analytics services' ability to use and share information collected by them is restricted by their terms of use and privacy policy, which you should refer to for more information about how these entities use this information.
Inviting Others to Join the Site. Through the Site, you can invite third parties to create an Account by sending them your referral link. We will collect information regarding who you refer to the Site and the connection formed between you and the newly created user.
Location Information. If you have enabled location services on your mobile device, we collect your location information to make a map available to the recipients of your messages showing your location. If you do not want this information collected by us, you can disable location services on your mobile device.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
General Use. We use personal information collected through our Services for purposes described in this Privacy Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Services. For example, we may use your information to:
Operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services;
Process and deliver contest/challenge entries and rewards;
Respond to comments and questions and provide customer service;
Send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners;
Link or combine user information with other personal information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
Protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
To process and deliver orders for additional services;
Identify you as a user in our system;
Facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; and
Develop and improve marketing and advertising for the Services and partner services.
We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
We may also create anonymous and/or deidentified data records from your personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to enhance the content of our Services and improve the Site. We reserve the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole discretion.
We may get information about you from other sources. We may add this to information we get from this Site.
User Testimonials and Feedback. We may receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services. We may publish such content. When we publish this content, we may identify our users by their first and last name as well as the user's title, school or company, and major. We obtain the user's consent prior to posting this information along with the testimonial. We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time. We may share your feedback with your first and last name as well as the user's title, school or company, and major. If we choose to post such information along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback.
SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Information You Share. Our Site and Services allow you to connect and share content and information. Please be mindful of your own privacy needs as you choose who to connect with and what to share and make public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public on the Site. If you share information about others, we suggest you get consent for any information you may share about them.
Information We Share. We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that does not identify any individual without restriction. In addition, we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide:
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information, or with your consent;
To third parties designated by you;
With our subsidiaries and affiliates;
To third parties to process payments made through the Services;
With contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business;
With an SNS if you choose to post content to an SNS through the Service;
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about users is among the assets transferred; and
To comply with any court order, law or legal process, including responding to any government or regulatory request; to enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us; and/or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Portfolium, our customers or others.
If you apply for a job through the Services, we may share your Profile information and other personal information with the company that posted the job.
Content you submit to public areas of the Site are posted in public areas and are not subject to the restrictions set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Exclusive Networks. Portfolium allows universities and organizations to set up private networks hosted by Portfolium called "Exclusive Networks." If you choose to join an Exclusive Network and/or your university pre-populates an account for you, Portfolium will share with the Exclusive Network your name, the number of entries you have published, your Portfolium URL, and if applicable, your school status, degree program and year of graduation. By joining an Exclusive Network you will be subject to that organization's privacy policy, in addition to the policies outlined on, or linked to from, this Privacy Policy.
Exclusive network rollouts involve email correspondence between you and Portfolium. You may opt-out of these emails at any time by clicking the appropriate unsubscribe link and/or adjusting your account settings. You will not be emailed without the permission of your university, based on a pre-approved schedule and content.
Public Profile. Certain portions of the information you provide to us may also be displayed in your Profile. You can set your Profile to be public or private using the privacy settings in the Site. Content you post to the Site may be displayed on the Site depending on your privacy settings and the location of the posting. Once publicly displayed, that information can be collected and used by others. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information that you voluntarily post, so it is very important that you do not put personal information in your posts. Once you have posted information publicly, while you will still be able to edit and delete it on the Services, you will not be able to edit or delete such information cached, collected, and stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines).
INFORMATION CHOICES AND CHANGES
You may opt-out of providing your personal information to the App at any time by uninstalling the App.
You can opt-out or customize the type of messages you receive from Portfolium by visiting the "Notifications" tab under "Settings", or by clicking on the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of Portfolium marketing emails. If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
You may review and update your personal information by visiting the "Settings" tab. If you wish to delete your Portfolium account, you can go to the "Privacy" tab under "Account Settings" and click "Disable Account". Additionally, you can edit or update other information in your Portfolium profile by visiting the "Profile" tab on your account. You can also edit your personal Portfolium URL on the "Profile" tab within the "Settings" screen. You may send requests about personal information to our Contact Information below. You can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and review, update, correct, or delete your personal information. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
You can typically remove and reject cookies from our Site with your browser settings. Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings. If you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our Site works for you.
Third Party Websites. Our Site may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect information from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content, or websites.
Information Security. We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. While we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
A Note about Children. We do not encourage or allow users under the age of 13 to create accounts. If a child under 13 submits personal information to Portfolium and we learn that the personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any personal information from a child under 13, please contact us at [email protected]
NOTE TO PARENTS. We are required under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), with limited exceptions, to obtain verifiable parental consent in order to collect, use or disclose personal information from Children. COPPA allows the Child's school, school districts and other educational institutions (collectively, "SCHOOLS") to obtain consent for the online collection of personal information from Children who are students of the School.
If a Child wants to use our Service, he/she must first obtain an account for our Services from the School ("ACCOUNT"). Before an Account is provided to a School, we require that the School (on behalf of the Child's parent or legal guardian ("PARENT") (a) to consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information of the Child, through the Service, in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and (b) agree that the Child's online activities are subject to our terms of service.
As required under COPPA, we allow Parents to make certain choices regarding the personal information submitted by their Children as described in this subsection. Parents should make any permitted requests with the School and have the School, as the Parent's agent, pass on those requests to us. We may rely on the instructions that we receive from the School that we reasonably believe are given by a Child's Parent to the School. For example, if a representative of the Child's School contacts us and provides the Account information we request, we may assume that the person calling is acting on behalf of the Child's Parent.
Users Outside of the United States. If you are a non U.S. user of the Services, by using our Services, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy. In addition, your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your data, you consent to such transfer.
GDPR. To understand how Portfolium plans on being GDPR compliant, please read our GDPR readiness guide
CONTACT INFORMATION. To ask a question or comment about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, contact us at: [email protected] .
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time for any reason. If we make any changes, we will change the Last Updated date above and post the new Privacy Policy here: https://portfolium.com/privacy .                 You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
Need Assessment Support?
Seamless integration with your LMS allows you to perform SLO and PLO assessment without any duplicate effort
Need Badging Support?
Create intentional digital pathways for students to travel along, earn badges, and stay motivated and engaged (completion with a purpose)
Learn about Portfolium Badgelink
Schedule a demo today!
Unlock the full potential of your student success initiatives with Portfolium's all-in-one solution
