Effective:  January 1, 2012
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the www.teamaidasha.org website. On some pages, you can order products, make donations, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name 
Address 
(Etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, a runner may manually enter donor information. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name 
Address 
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing a request or donation only to complete that request or donation. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order or request.
We use the information you provide about someone else when entering donation information only to confirm the donation or for sending tax receipt (if needed). We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that request or donation.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our electronic information as well as updates on our new programs and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by contacting us via our contact page here . We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us using this page .
Would you like to try running with in/around Boston? 
