Harmony Central Privacy Policy
because you've got rights ....
IMPORTANT COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
 
YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
 
Information you provide
Harmony Central does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personally identifiable information may be gathered from a contest or sweepstakes registration, the registration process for subscription or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., chat and forums), suggestions, voting/polling activities and transactional areas. We use this information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests or inquiries, improving our services, informing you of activities and offers of our business partners, and communicating with you regarding your subscriber account status, changes to the subscriber agreement and other matters relevant to the underlying service and/or the information collected. Upon request, Harmony Central will use reasonable efforts to allow users to update or correct personal information previously submitted to the extent such activities will not compromise privacy or security interests. Also, upon a user's request, Harmony Central will use commercially reasonable efforts to functionally delete the user and his or her personal information from its database; however, it may be impossible to delete a user's entry without some residual information being retained by Harmony Central because of the nature in which backups of data are maintained.
Information automatically provided
 
Use of Cookies
 
 
Companies offering promotions, products or services
 
Service providers
 
Aggregate information
 
Content partners and links to other websites
 
Subscription and/ or registration-based services
 
Information you publicly post
 
Disclosures required by law
 
Business transfers
 
Financial information
 
With your consent
 
WHAT SECURITY PRECAUTIONS ARE TAKEN TO PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION?
This website incorporates appropriate safeguards to protect the security, integrity, completeness, accuracy and privacy of the personal information we have collected, and we have put in place reasonable precautions to protect information from loss, misuse and alteration. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as required and only authorized individuals have access to the information you provide us. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Statement.
You hereby acknowledge that Harmony Central is not responsible for any intercepted information sent via the Internet, and you hereby release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
Collection Of Children’s Personal Information
 
 
TERMS AND MODIFICATIONS TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT
 
 
 
CONTACT DETAILS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the privacy practices of this website, or if you want to exercise any of the rights that you are given under this Privacy Statement, you can contact:
Harmony Central
September 10, 2018
Composing at the Speed of Inspiration Tame that technology, and make it work for...
Read More
Earthquaker Devices Aqueduct Vibrato  Can this vibrato pedal quench your thirst?...
Read More
Read More
about hc
HarmonyCentral.com is the leading Internet resource for musicians, supplying valuable information from news and product reviews, to classified ads and chat rooms.
advertise on hc
Advertise on the most comprehensive and widely viewed musicians' website.
W1-V1.38
x
