In order to improve the content and usability of this website,  the City of New York (the "City") automatically collects several categories  of information from users. This information includes the following:
1. The apparent Internet  Protocol ("IP") address of your Internet Service Provider  ("ISP") and/or your computer, if your computer has an IP address  assigned directly to it. 1
2. The apparent Fully  Qualified Domain Name ("Domain Name") of your Internet Service  Provider ("ISP") and/or your computer, if your computer has a domain  name assigned directly to it.  2
3. The type of browser (such as, for example Internet Explorer,  Opera, Firefox, Chrome, etc.) used and the operating system resident on a  user's computer.
4. The date and time a user  visited the site.
5. The web pages accessed at the site, as well as any applications  used and forms data.
6. The Uniform Resource  Locator ("URL") of the site which a user visited prior to NYC.gov (if  detectable), if such user did not connect directly to NYC.gov, or use it as a  homepage or "Portal".
The City uses this information to identify site performance  needs; to ensure compatibility with the technology used by NYC.gov's visitors,  and to generally add and improve services offered on NYC.gov. In order to  accomplish those goals, from time to time, the City may conduct statistical  analysis of the data it collects.
7. The City does not collect data for commercial or marketing  purposes, 3  and the City does  not sell,  exchange, or otherwise distribute the data collected by NYC.gov for commercial  or marketing purposes.
Information Submitted to NYC.gov
During a session on  NYC.gov, a user may affirmatively submit information to the City by, among  other means, electronic mail ("e-mail"), filling in and submitting an  on-line form, screening for benefits and services, or electing to personalize  NYC.gov and use it as a customized portal. Such affirmatively submitted  information is stored in a secure environment, and will be used by the City in  furtherance of its duties and/or obligations to its citizenry (i.e., "governmental purposes"). 4
The governmental purposes to which your affirmatively submitted  information may include, but are not limited to, the following:
1. Helping the City respond to  a request for information not readily available from NYC.gov
2. Investigating a problem  reported to the City via NYC.gov 5
3. Keeping lists of parties  interested in some particular issue or facet of New York City life about which  the City anticipates issuing further information in the future.
4. Sending informational updates and conducting outreach on topics such as, but  not limited to, public benefits and services and upcoming City events.
5. Sharing information with other City agencies or offices or other government  agencies for the limited purpose of facilitating services and benefits, in  accordance with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations.
6. Disclosure of such information  pursuant to a request made under Freedom of Information Law ("FOIL")  or court order, if such information is not protected by federal, or state, or  local law. 6
The City does not rent or sell personally identifiable  information (e.g., information such as name, address, phone number, e-mail,  etc., or other information that identifies or could lead to the identification  of a user as a particular person), nor would the City exchange or trade such  information with third-parties without a user's explicit permission. The City  does not disclose credit card or other personally identifiable financial  information other than as necessary to complete a credit card or other  financial transaction, or upon explicit permission from the applicable user.  All such use by the City of financial information shall be subject to the  section of this policy on financial issues, set forth below.
If a NYC.gov user has elected not to receive further information  from the City, NYC.gov will not send such information. If a NYC.gov user has  elected to receive further communication from the City, NYC.gov will only send  information in categories that are authorized by the user. If NYC.gov sends  electronic mail ("e-mail") to a user, such e-mail is NOT confidential,  7 and is identical in  nature to that information generally available to the public and news media.
Security and Monitoring
1. In  certain instances, a user may have the opportunity to receive or create a  password to access or submit personally identifiable information. One should  not divulge a password to anyone, and the City will never ask a user for a  password in a telephone call, fax, e-mail or other form of unsolicited  communication. When a user is finished with an application or applications that  are password protected, such user should exit the relevant page(s). If the  browser used to access said password protected pages is a publicly-accessible  browser, users should close down the entire session and, if applicable or  possible, flush any temporary caches or other areas where such a password might  be stored subsequent to use, and log out of all applications.
2. The City has integrated industry standard or better security measures  and systems into the design, implementation and day to day operation of NYC.gov  and its underlying servers and networks.  8 Furthermore, the City maintains ongoing efforts to identify and/or block  unauthorized intrusions into or onto NYC.gov, and to upload to or change  information on or otherwise cause damage to NYC.gov or the information resident  hereon or submitted hereto. 9
3. The  act of using NYC.gov constitutes the User’s express consent to the City’s monitoring  of all uses of the system. If such monitoring reveals possible evidence of  criminal activity or any other unauthorized use, system administration  personnel may provide your information to law enforcement or other officials,  as authorized or required by law.
Cookies
Cookies are text files, or  entries in larger files, utilized to distinguish between visitors to a website,  and to track information during multiple visits to a website. The City uses "temporary cookies" 10 on some parts of NYC.gov,  and such temporary cookies expire upon the end of the browsing session. This  website and NYC.gov generally, do not use "persistent cookies." 11  However, if a user registers to use NYC.gov as a customized  portal, the City uses a persistent cookie to facilitate such customization. The  City may also use persistent cookies to understand the distribution and  patterns of unique and repeat visitors for 311 Online and other sites on  NYC.gov to enhance their accessibility.
 
Web Bugs (a/k/a Web Beacons)
NYC.gov does not use web  bugs  12 on its web pages or in any  html e-mail generated by use of the portal, or otherwise sent from NYC.gov, for  any purpose other than to identify site performance needs; to ensure  compatibility with the technology used by NYC.gov's visitors, and to generally  add and improve services offered on NYC.gov.
Children
No applications on NYC.gov specifically solicit information from minors or seek  to determine whether the visitor is a minor. Consequently, because such  information will not be specifically identified as being from minors, users of  NYC.gov should be aware that personally identifiable information submitted to  NYC.gov by minors will be subject to being treated in the same manner as  information given by an adult and may become subject to FOIL.
The City strongly believes that parental supervision is an  important factor in Internet use by minors. Therefore, NYC.gov asks parents to  guide their minor children when children are asked to provide any personal  information online. NYC.gov further asks that children ask for and receive  their parent's permission before providing any information online.
Health Care Information
Any agency  subject to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and  its regulations (collectively, "HIPAA") that creates, receives,  maintains, or transmits via NYC.gov any Protected Health Information  (“PHI”), as that term is defined by HIPAA, must comply with HIPAA’s Privacy and Security Rules.  The agency must also  require its Business Associates, as that term is defined by HIPAA, to comply  with HIPAA when, on behalf of the agency, each such Business Associate creates,  receives, maintains, or transmits PHI hosted by NYC.gov.   Nothing stated herein shall be interpreted  to diminish the compliance requirements imposed by any other applicable law or  City policy.
Third Party Links
NYC.gov provides links to,  and may be linked from, local, State and federal government agencies, and from,  or to, other websites. The existence and/or provision of those links neither  constitutes nor implies endorsement of the destination or departure website(s)  or of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policy(ies), product(s),  accessibility or privacy policy of said destination or departure website(s).  Nor does any link between NYC.gov and a third-party website imply sponsorship  of such website, or the creator of such website
Some content on portions of  NYC.gov resides on servers run by third parties. 13  Each agency providing  content for NYC.gov is bound by NYC.gov's Privacy Policy. Any agency using a  third-party host, ISP, ASP or other combination of third-party transport,  storage, content or application provision services shall require such third  party  to comply with NYC.gov's Privacy Policy.
Intellectual Property
The content of NYC.gov's webpages is copyrighted, and contains some third party  images/graphics that are used with permission. Users are notified, therefore,  that one should presume the need to obtain permission from the copyright holder  before reproducing or otherwise using images/graphics from this website.
NYC.gov may change this policy from time to time, and reserves  the right to do so without notice.
Privacy Statement Footnotes
1 An IP address is a numeric  value assigned to an Internet Service Provider, a computer network, an  individual computer or router, or a firewall (collectively, "users")  so that other computers on the Internet may direct Internet message or other  traffic to such users. Until the IP addressing system is changed, an IP address  will take the form of XXX.XXX.XXX.XXX, where the X's are numbers between 1 and  9, and 0 for some positions. The term “user” may also refer to an individual  who has created an account on NYC.gov and any of its subpages.
Top Requests
City of New York. 2018 All Rights Reserved,
NYC is a trademark and service mark of the City of New York
