Privacy Policy for https://opas.com and https://my.opas.com
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally Identifiable Information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
Personal information we collect
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience in using our products or services. In some instances we may request additional information from you for identity verification.
Analytical information we collect
We may collect other information such as your IP address, browser type, and other environmental data for security verification or other analytical purposes.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
• To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
• To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
• To quickly process your transactions.
• To ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
• To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
Information sharing with service providers
OPAS uses one or more third-party credit card processors so we can process your transactions. OPAS also utilizes and transfers data to our logistic partners so we can ship your items to you. To the best of our knowledge these third-party service providers do not use your personal information in any way other than to complete the service we request of them.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We use regular Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to:
• Understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
• Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browsers are a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify, remove, or delete your cookies. If you turn cookies off it may turn off or disable some of the features of the site.
Children
We do not intend to solicit or collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not enter any information on our site or engage our services.
Individual Redress Principle
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
Accessing and Changing your Information
You can change your personal information by logging in to your account (due to security reasons, not all personal information can be updated or altered by you – you must contact our support department in order to change some of your information). If you request erasure of your personal data, we will remove your name and email addresses from our system along with any credit card information from our records but will retain address information for our records – however, if your account has been flagged as a fraudulent account then not data will be erased.
Privacy Policy Changes
This privacy policy will be updated from time to time. To see the most recent version you can click the Privacy Policy link in the footer of the website.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
OPAS / World Address, LLC
8912 NE Alderwood Rd.
Comments
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
© 2018 • World Address, LLC / OPAS
