× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Popularmechanics.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Popularmechanics.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.popularmechanics.com/about/privacy-p... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
We utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or processing credit cards or fulfilling subscriptions), and ask these service providers to agree to maintain the confidentiality of your Personally Identifiable Information and not to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any reason except to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them ("Service Provider Exception").
You have entered a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, in which case the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be shared by us with that third party for their use in their discretion, including direct marketing. Some of our contests and sweepstakes will ask you at the time of entry whether you would like to have your personal information shared with the sponsor, in which case we will honor your selection. Other contests will not give you that option and in that event, if you do not want your information to be shared, you should not enter the contest. The privacy policies of such third party companies apply to their use and disclosure of your information that we collect and disclose to such third party companies.
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is a Shared Registration Site (as defined in Section 3(c) above).
The entity to whom the information is disclosed is an Affiliate of Hearst.
In accordance with your indicated preferences (e.g., you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner).
The entity is a third party who wants to promote goods and services we think would be of interest to you.
You have furnished us Personally Identifiable Information with the intent that it be forwarded to a third party for use in connection with a specified service you are electing to participate in (examples include, without limitation, e-commerce partners, services to help old friends locate you online, etc.);
We need to protect our legal rights (for example, if we are trying to collect money you owe us); we must comply with applicable laws, regulations, or legal or regulatory process, or comply with subpoenas or warrants served on us, or in connection with a legal investigation; or we have reason to believe that someone may be causing injury to someone or interfering with our rights or the rights of our users, or general public, or using our services in violation of a legal or personal right, including our Terms of Use (collectively, the "Legal Exceptions").
In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Covered Site to which this policy applies, in which case the company will possess the Personally Identifiable Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this privacy policy ("Acquisition Exception").
In addition to ads and content that we serve you directly, we use third-party advertising companies and marketing services companies to serve ads and other content when you visit our Covered Sites and elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both we and these companies may use information about your visits to this Covered Site and elsewhere to serve ads and other content to you. In the course of doing so, a unique third-party cookie may be placed or recognized on your browser by such companies. In addition, we and these companies may use Web beacons to help manage our online advertising and content. These Web beacons enable us and the third-party companies to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site and to learn which banner ads bring users to our website and to serve you ads that you may find of interest elsewhere on the internet and in other media. Both Hearst and these companies may use information obtained from your visits to the Covered Sites (including your status as a customer of Hearst), other websites, and information received from you offline in order to provide advertisements about goods and services and other content of interest to you across the internet and in other media. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used in this manner by our third party advertising companies please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp . You may also visit alc-opt-out.com to find out how our marketing services companies operate. Ads in our videos may be served by an ad partner. You can find out more about our video ads by visiting http://www.tremorvideo.com/about-us/privacy/ .
In addition, we may provide Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information to marketing services companies. This may include information we received from you offline or online. These companies may combine information we provide (including Personally Identifiable Information and Anonymous Information) with personal and anonymous information they may have about you, using cookies they place or that we place on their behalf, as described in Section 2(b). We require these companies to delete the Personally Identifiable Information we provide them. These companies may use the resulting non-personal information and such cookies for their own marketing purposes, and they may provide the same to their customers for their customer's marketing purposes. If you would like to know your choices about not having this information used by such companies, please visit: alc-opt-out.com .
This is version 2 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
