Privacy Policy
In this Privacy Policy (“Policy”), we, CalAmp Corp. and our subsidiaries (collectively “CalAmp,” “we”, “us”, or “our”), provide information about how we collect, use, process, and transfer personal data. We are a global organization sharing the data we manage across businesses (legal entities), business processes, and information systems around the world. Therefore, for this Policy, we use the term “personal data” broadly to cover the many privacy and data protection laws applicable to us; “personal data” means information related to an identified natural person, or that could reasonably be used (by itself or in combination with other data reasonably available) to identify a natural person. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymized data).
Scope
This Policy applies to our websites, products, services, software, or applications (“apps”) on which we post a direct link to this Policy or refer to within this Policy (collectively the “Services”). This Policy covers only data collected through the Services and not any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other services that maintain their own, separate privacy policies. Occasionally, we refer to this Policy in relation to surveys and special-purpose web pages, for example, our Careers web pages; under such circumstances, this Policy applies as modified in the particular notice or consent request (e.g., with respect to types of data collected or purposes of collection).
Types of Data and Collection Methods
We collect a variety of personal data through the means described below. You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide data to us, you may choose not to. But if you decline to provide data, your ability to use the applicable Services may be diminished or restricted.
Data you submit. We collect your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s), and data related to the business you represent when you request information from us, register, order a Service, or otherwise intentionally send us such information. In connection with chargeable Services, we will also collect payment information (e.g., credit card number and related verification data), phone number, and billing and shipping addresses.
Data we automatically collect from our websites. When you visit one of our websites, we collect general data from your computer or mobile device such as your browser type, operating system, IP address, and the domain name from which you accessed the site; and, if you are accessing our site with your mobile device, the type of mobile device. In addition, we collect data about how you use our websites, such as the date and time you visit the site, the areas or pages of the site that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the site, the number of times you return to the site, and other click-stream data.
Cookies. We use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to collect data about your use of our websites or web apps. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on the hard drive of your computer or device when you access the site. We use cookies to help operate our sites and Services, including to: (a) remember you so you don’t have to enter the same information when you return to the site, (b) provide you with customized content or offers on the site; (c) develop aggregate statistics to help monitor site performance, conduct research, improve our content and Services, and (d) help protect the security of our sites and Services. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of our Services or websites you visit. 
Software and apps: We create a variety of software and apps that may help improve performance and security of our Services, or offer other benefits.  
Third Party Sources and Links: We may also obtain personal data from third party sources such as data brokers, social networks, other partners, or public sources. Our website may contain links to third-party websites. Each of these third parties may have its own privacy policy. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
SureDrive™: Our LoJack subsidiary’s SureDrive mobile application Service includes a telematics device installed on a vehicle that communicates insightful information to the SureDrive mobile app, including: CrashBoxx™ Instant Crash Alerts; Tripwire™ Early Warning; stolen vehicle location assist; setting virtual boundaries (notifications when a driver arrives at their destination; ‘Where’s My Car?’ (which pinpoints the vehicle on the map); and setting speed alerts. When SureDrive is installed in your car, information is collected about your vehicle (including make, model, color, year and vehicle identification number, speed, and location. Information that identifies your vehicle and other personal information may be shared when it is necessary to provide various SureDrive Services, such as alerting emergency personnel of your location if a crash is detected, or helping authorities locate your vehicle if you report it stolen. SureDrive information may also be used on its own or in combination with other CalAmp information about you to determine aggregate insights about our users. 
Collection Purposes, Use of Data
We collect and process personal data about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the Services you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests. The purposes for which we collect and use data include:
To respond to the request that you sent us such as your request for information, or your request to purchase or subscribe to a Service;
To provide, manage, maintain, and secure the Services you request;
To operate and improve our business, including to administer, protect, and improve our Services and our systems, to develop new products and services, and for other internal business purposes;
To better understand the preferences of the users of our Services, compile aggregated statistics about usage of our Services, and help personalize your experience of our website and Services;
To provide you with information about our technologies, Service releases, news, and other communications; and
Any other use we describe in this Policy or at the point where we collect the data.
To achieve these purposes, and to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may combine the various types of data that we collect from different sources.
Where We Store and Process Data
We store and process data in the United States and on servers around the world, including, without limitation, the European Economic Area. Wherever we store or process personal data pursuant to this Policy, we take measures to ensure that the data is processed in accordance with this Policy and in compliance with applicable law.
Disclosures of Personal Data
We access your personal data within CalAmp and share data with third party vendor or service providers that process the data on our behalf for the purposes set forth in this Policy. We may also offer training or other services to the employees and workers of our business customers. In such cases, we may share data relating to the use of our training and other services with the identified business customers for their business use. We may also share your data as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others’ legal rights, e.g., without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. We may share or transfer your data in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business. Finally, we may also share your personal data where you have granted us permission.
Your Choices
Opt-In/Out. We offer you the ability to opt-in or opt-out of data collection, use, or sharing. If you wish to opt-out, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section below.
Access. If you would like to access your personal data that we maintain, or the personal data you have submitted is no longer accurate, current, or complete, and you wish to update it, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section below. If you need to correct your personal data, we reserve the right to use data obtained previously to verify your identity.
Do Not Track. We do not currently respond to “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) signals sent by web browsers. A uniform standard has not yet been adopted to determine how DNT signals should be interpreted and what actions should be taken by websites and third parties that receive them. However, you may use a variety of other means of controlling data collection and use, including cookie controls in your browser settings and the personalized advertising controls described in the Cookies section above.
Retention
We retain personal data while your account is active, or as needed to provide you Services. We will delete personal data within a reasonable time after the data is no longer necessary for the business purpose for which it was collected. We will, however, retain and use personal data as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Security
Transmissions over the Internet are never 100% secure or error-free. However, we take reasonable steps to protect your data from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. It is your responsibility to safeguard your passwords and User IDs and to notify us using one of the Contact methods listed below if you ever suspect that your password or User ID for one of our Services has been compromised. You are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of our Services conducted via your password and User ID.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services are intended for adults. We do not intentionally or knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from children as defined by applicable law and we request that children not submit any personal data to us.
Amendments
We reserve the right to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time, but will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the Policy the date it was last updated. If we change the Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate online notice to you at least 30 days in advance and/or obtain your express consent as required by law. When you visit our websites or use our Services, you are accepting the current version of this Policy. We recommend that users revisit this Policy on occasion to learn of any changes.
Contact Us
To contact us, call (949) 943-1028, send us an email at privacy@calamp.com , or write to us at CalAmp Corp., Attn. Privacy Counsel, 15635 Alton Parkway, Suite 250, Irvine, California, U.S.A. 92618.
Effective Date: May 25, 2018
NAVIGATE
STAY CONNECTED
Thanks for subscribing!
×
×
×
×
×
Thank You! Our team will contact you soon.
