The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc. Safe Harbor Consumer Privacy Policy
LAST UPDATED: Oct. 9, 2012
The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc. has created this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy to help you learn about how we handle Consumer Personal Information that is collected by our affiliates, business partners and vendors located in the European Economic Area and Switzerland (collectively the “EEA”) and transferred to The Reader’s Digest Association, Inc. in the United States (“Reader’s Digest”).
This Safe Harbor Consumer Privacy Policy supplements The Reader’s Digest Consumer Online Privacy Policy. Reader’s Digest has subscribed to and will adhere to the U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor programs (“Safe Harbor Programs”) by adopting and implementing the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles, which include a set of frequently asked questions (collectively, the “Principles”). More information about the Safe Harbor Programs can be found at http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/ .
Personal Information Received from the EEA
Reader’s Digest may receive information from entities in the EEA pertaining to consumers and vendors, including but not limited to, contact, purchase, demographic and payment transaction information, preferences, and promotion history (collectively, “Personal Information”).
Use of Personal Information
Any Personal Information sent to us may be used by Reader’s Digest and its agents as instructed by our affiliated companies in the EEA to provide technical support such as data hosting, website hosting, application support and services and other technical services. If we intend to use your information for a purpose that is incompatible with these purposes or if we intend to disclose it to a type of third party not previously identified, we will notify you and offer you the opportunity to opt out of such uses and/or disclosures.
Agents and Service Providers
We sometimes contract with other companies and individuals to perform functions or services on our behalf. They may have access to Personal Information needed to perform their functions, but are restricted from using the Personal Information for purposes other than providing services for us or to us. Reader’s Digest requires that its agents and service providers that have access to Personal Information received from the EEA either subscribe to the Safe Harbor Principles or are subject to the EU Privacy Directive and the Swiss Federal Act on
Data Protection or another adequacy finding or enter into a written agreement with us that requires them to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the relevant Safe Harbor Principles.
Security
We use reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
Data Integrity
We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information we process is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current to the extent necessary for the purposes for which we use the Personal Information.
Access
You can ask to review and correct the Personal Information that we maintain about you by sending a request to  [email protected] . Provide your name, postal address and account number in the request.
Safe Harbor Enforcement and Dispute Resolution
If you have any questions or concerns, please write to us at the address listed below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the Safe Harbor Principles.
Contact Information
If you have any questions regarding this Safe Harbor Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at  [email protected] , or please write to the following address:
Reader’s Digest
PO Box 970
Attn: Privacy Coordinator
Privacy Policy Changes
 
Sign up
Our Brands
Get articles sent right to your inbox
Sign Up
