Privacy Policy for HIVE-RD.com
At HIVE-RD LLP we consider the privacy of our visitors to be extremely important. This privacy policy document describes in detail the types of personal information is collected and recorded by www.hive-rd.com and how we use it.
If you have any queries or requests, please contact:  
Update
This Privacy Policy was last updated on: 24th May, 2018.
Should we update, amend or make any changes to our privacy policy, those changes will be posted here.
Personal information:
Clients are required to provide us with some personal information (names, company name, address, project details, payment-related details) so that we are able to fulfill their instructions and to complete requested projects, as well as to process invoices and payment at the end of these projects. This personal information is not shared with any third-party, or used beyond the scope of the project it is related to.
Only invoice records are kept. All other personal information is erased at the end of a project, unless it pertains to an account for accessing an online virtual world.
Log Files
Like many other websites, www.hive-rd.com makes use of log files. These files merely logs visitors to the site – usually a standard procedure for hosting companies and a part of hosting services’s analytics. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP) and date/time stamp. This information is used to analyse trends, administer the site and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. Log files are cleared at the first of each month, and are not stored by us.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Parts of our site (www.hive-rd.com) use cookies to remember your past visits. These parts of the site would require you to sign-in (to provide a username, email address and password). You are never required to use these parts of the site as a client.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. What Are Cookies?
Our Advertising Partners
www.hive-rd.com  does not advertise within the website. There may be extremely small hyperlinks detailing the technology used to build the site, but these are not related to any information provided by visitors. These links are found in the footer section of certain webpages.
Children’s Information
If a parent or guardian believes that www.hive-rd.com has been given the personally-identifiable information of a child under the age of 13, please contact us immediately (using the contact at the top of this article) and we will promptly remove such information from our records.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website and regarding information shared and/or collected there. This policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website. For issues related to general data processing and privacy please see our GDPR statement .
Consent
By using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.
Comments are closed
