× Saved. Your changes were successfully saved.
Victoriassecret.com - Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy from Victoriassecret.com. The live version of this document is available at http://www.victoriassecret.com/privacy-and-secu... . This document is a part of Docracy's Terms of Service Tracker project, which tracks changes to terms of service and privacy policy documents of many of the world's top websites.
Download
Signing Rules
This privacy policy answers these questions:
What personal information is collected at our Web site and how is it used?
How does this Web site interact with third-party Web sites and content?
We may enable you to navigate to third-party sites and services, or otherwise display third-party content. We do this for your convenience. We don't endorse or generally have any affiliation with these third parties. And we don't control and aren't responsible for their Web practices. Whether the third-party content appears within our Web environment (like a map frame), or you leave our Web site for another site to view it, those service provider's terms, conditions, and privacy policies govern your online experience (unless there's a conspicuously posted statement by us that says otherwise). Please view their terms of service and privacy policies if you have any question about their practices.
Here's a partial list of the sites or content of these third parties:
How do you update your personal information?
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. You may update or modify your billing- and shipping-related information, and other account information, by logging onto our sites (e.g., Your Account on Victoria's Secret and Victoria's Secret Pink, or Edit Profile on your Pink Nation account). You may also update or modify your catalog mailing information by clicking here .
This Web site has the following types of security measures: limited access data-centers, firewall technology, and secure-socket-layer (SSL) certificate authentication. SSL is encryption technology that provides security for information that's transmitted over the Internet. This site accepts orders only from Web browsers that permit communication through SSL technology-for example, Internet Explorer (version 6.0 or higher), Firefox (version 3.0 or higher), Safari (version 4 or higher), Chrome (version 2 or higher), and AOL (version 9 or higher).
While we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.
Where is personal information stored and processed?
We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.
Our parent company (Limited Brands) has become a participant in the Safe Harbor program (developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Union) specifically for our Victoria’s Secret and Victoria’s Secret Pink stores in—and email sign-up Website for—the United Kingdom. (They are governed by separate privacy policies, which may be accessed in those stores and on that Web site.) Limited Brands has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement with respect to personal data transferred from the European Union (EU) to the U.S. For more information about the Safe Harbor program and to view Limited Brands' certification, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce's Safe Harbor Web site . If you wish to make an EU-related inquiry about privacy or data transfer, please contact our Associate Vice President (AVP) of Legal and Compliance Services
 
When was this policy last updated?
Please click here to view any material and substantive changes made since the last revision of this privacy policy. If you're concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about VictoriasSecret.com.
This Privacy Statement is effective October 23, 2013
This is version 4 , from 4 years ago.
Suggest changes by making a copy of this document. Learn more .
Warning
By making this document public, any user will able to view and download this document.
You may also choose to redact your previous edits. Only delete your previous edits to this document if it contains text that you did not intend to make public.         Redactions cannot be undone. Please be absolutely sure if you decide to redact previous edits.
Make Public With Edits
Cancel
Are you sure?
By making this document private, only you will be able to view or sign it.
Make Private
Nothing on this site shall be considered legal advice and no attorney-client relationship is established.
