Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how EatDrinkDeals uses and protects any information that you provide.  This policy is effective from January 27, 2014.
EatDrinkDeals is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
EatDrinkDeals does not require you to provide any information.  All of the content of EatDrinkDeals is freely accessible without registering.   However, if you wish to receive our newsletter we need your email address.
We collect the following information when you register to receive our newsletter:
a valid email address
a password.
Optionally, you may provide other information.  All information is kept by our newsletter provider, Mailchimp.
Controlling your personal information
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Terms of Use:  The articles in EatDrinkDeals are neither sponsored by nor endorsed by any of the restaurants named here. Any trademarks that appear are the exclusive property of their owners.  © 2018 EatDrinkDeals | Facebook | Twitter | Contact: editor@eatdrinkdeals.com | Tel: (919) 561-5359 | Gil Arnold 9954 Lodestone Drive, Brentwood, TN 37027
Advertisement
Search EatDrinkDeals
