The Military Wallet Advertising Policy
It’s an honor to serve you and the military and veteran communities.
The Military Wallet is the resource I wish I had when I separated from active duty. I started this site to help other military members, veterans, and their families. That has and will always be our mission.
Today, this website, our newsletter, and our podcast help hundreds of thousands of veterans each year.
I don’t take this service to our military community lightly. But it does come with a cost. I spend at least 1,000 hours a year researching, writing articles, recording podcasts, answering emails, and performing related tasks. The majority of this work is non-compensated.
There are also variable and fixed expenses that come with running a business. These expenses run into the low five figures each year, and include server costs, email service providers, writers, tech support, contractors, and related business expenses.
I want this site to forever remain free to use. This is why we accept advertising on our site and in our newsletter. Without advertising I would not be able to support this website, or my family, (not to mention the people who contribute to The Military Wallet).
About the Advertising on This Site
I always ensure all direct advertisements are for products or services that I would feel comfortable using myself, or that I would feel comfortable recommending to family members or friends. We do not accept advertisements for products or services I don’t feel are good for military members or veterans. To this point, I have turned down many lucrative offers to advertise for non-suitable products and services. The opportunity cost of declining those advertising offers easily amounts to over five figures per year.
To be clear: if a company does not meet our criteria, we will not directly advertise their products or services.
How This Site Earns Money
There are several ways we earn compensation through this website, and none of them cost our visitors anything. In fact, we are sometimes able to negotiate special offers through our advertising partners, saving our visitors money in the process. This is a win-win situation.
The primary advertising methods are pay per click advertising, banner ads, and affiliate revenue.
Pay per click advertising is advertising that displays related text links or other information within or around content. We earn revenue when visitors who are interested in the topics click the links.
Banner ads are a traditional form of Internet advertising that pays based on the number of times it is displayed. This sounds glamorous, but it takes tens of thousands of impressions to earn meaningful revenue.
Affiliate advertising is also known as referral advertising. This is when a company pays current customers or publishers to refer new customers to them. For example, many companies have a refer-a-friend program in which a current member can receive a cash bonus or some form of credit when a new customer joins through their referral link.
Editorial Control & Ethics
I understand there is a potential conflict of interest when I openly state this site may receive compensation for referring visitors to various companies.
This is where my ethics and integrity come in.
As I stated above, I will not recommend a product or service that I believe is not appropriate for a military audience. Nor will I recommend a product or service that I either would not use myself or that I would feel uncomfortable recommending to my family or friends. And finally, I ensure that none of the advertised products or services will cost our visitors anything more than they would pay elsewhere (again, we are sometimes even able to negotiate better deals for our visitors).
Finally, not every product or service mentioned on this site is an advertisement. We do not avoid writing about certain products or services simply because there is no advertisement arrangement in place, nor do we write about products or services solely in the hopes of making money. Our primary goal is to serve the military and veteran communities.
How Can I Support The Military Wallet?
Great question, and I’m glad you asked.
I want to be clear on this: Our mission is to help military members, veterans, and their families. No strings attached.
The best thing you can do is read our website, subscribe to our newsletter, or listen to our podcast. Sharing it with other people via email, FaceBook, newsletters, and word of mouth is also greatly appreciated. The more people we can reach, the better we are able to fulfill our mission!
As for the advertising, I don’t want you to feel obligated to do anything. If you see a product or service you want to use, great. You can always sign up or purchase through our website, and depending on the company, we may or may not receive compensation. But please do not feel obligated to do anything.
This site is here for you, no strings attached.
Are you interested in advertising with The Military Wallet? Please use our Contact Page .
