Privacy Policy
In its everyday business operations Paymenticon makes use of a variety of data about identifiable individuals, including data about You. In collecting and using this data, the organisation is subject to a variety of legislation controlling how such activities may be carried out and the safeguards that must be put in place to protect it.
This Privacy Policy defines the handling of personal data including sensitive data and other non-personal data that Paymenticon obtains from you in connection with your use of Paymenticon’s services. This Privacy Policy applies to www.paymenticon.com as well as to all Paymenticon Group’s other brands, websites, products or services.
If you use Paymenticon services, you consent to the collection, use and sharing of your personal data under this Privacy Policy. You have the option of using tools to control how we use and share your data. Detailed information about them has been included in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this policy, do not access or use Paymenticon’s Services or interact with any other aspect of its business.
Please note, you should read this notice in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions.
References to”us”, “we” ,“our” and “Paymenticon” all refer to the EMP Systems Limited (Data Controller).
1. Data Controller
The controller of your personal data is EMP Systems Limited Limited, which is registered under the laws of European Union member state of Malta. It has a registration number C 64728 with registered address at Parthenon Building, Hughes Hallet Street, SLM 3141, Malta . You can contact us  here . If You need more information or help with Your Personal Data – contact with our Data Protection Officer here – [email protected]
2. What we collect from You
When you use our services, we may collect personal data including but not limited to:
Your first and last name;
Your e-mail address;
User name;
IP address;
Technical information about any devices you use to access our services or other technical information;
Information about your use of Paymenticon’s services, including information about when, how and where you use the services;
When you register for an account, create or modify your profile, set preferences, sign-up for or make purchases through the services;
Information on your use of social networks (if you have linked our services to your social media accounts). The above may potentially include certain information from Facebook and other social networks (including, among others, access to your friends’ list, as well as aggregate non-personal analytical data about our users), strictly in accordance with the applicable Facebook terms and conditions and other social networking sites – to the extent necessary to provide you with all the functionality of Paymenticon services;
Information about Your deposits and withdrawals;
Any other data that you provide to us through our services;
Any other data that you provide to us when you contact our support.
3. Why we are doing this
Paymenticon is obliged to process data on the basis of various legal provisions. These include, among other things, tax regulations, anti-money laundering regulations, regulations regarding licensed operators issued by supervisory authorities.
Paymenticon processes your data in order to provide you with the services that are offered on Paymenticon’s site, in order to meet the legal obligations imposed on Paymenticon or to implement so-called a legitimate interest, understood as a perfectly legitimate purpose of data processing, consistent with your rights (e.g. protection of data processing security, prevention of fraud and money laundering, marketing services).
In addition, your data may be used by Paymenticon for the following purposes:
in order to provide you with services covered by the operation of Paymenticon’s website;
in order to provide you marketing information (including personalized) about the services that you order from Paymenticon or which, in Paymenticon’s opinion, may interest you – e.g. Paymenticon can send you e-mails or display popups about Paymenticon’s services);
in order to communicate with users of Paymenticon’s services;
to enable participation in elements of interactive services;
in order to notify you about changes regarding our services;
to improve or modify Paymenticon’s services;
to organize competitions, promotions and bonuses (including contact with participants, evaluation of entries, distribution of prizes, payment of tax);
for tax, legal and billing purposes;
for billing purposes as defined in EU law (GDPR);
for the purposes provided by law, including the law on counteracting money laundering;
in order to profile and personalize Paymenticon’s marketing communications, offers and advertisements that Paymenticon display on its site and third-party sites and services based on the combined data we have collected about you;
processing online payments;
verify your age;
completing compliance procedures in force for Paymenticon;
monitoring transactions to prevent fraud and money laundering;
Paymenticon can profile your personal data, which means that Paymenticon can use the information it have collected to tailor the communication addressed to you to your needs. In this case, however, Paymenticon does not use your profiling data to make automated decisions that could affect your legal situation (i.e. Paymenticon do not use algorithms to make decisions that affect your individual rights or affect your rights and the rights arising from the contract between us, e.g. Paymenticon do not place automatic offers based on your behavior in the game).
4. How long
Personal data may be processed and stored as long as Paymenticon has a legally legitimate interest and this interest overrides your interests and fundamental rights. If the interest of Paymenticon regarding the processing and storage of your data is not superior to your interests and fundamental rights, the data can still be processed and stored if necessary by law. In such cases, the data may be stored only for the purpose of meeting the requirements of legal provisions.
How long Paymenticon keeps information it collect about you depends on the type of information. Paymenticon will retain your personal data only as long as it is necessary to meet the objectives set out in this Privacy Policy. After such time, Paymenticon will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible regarding legal and technical possibilities.
5. Marketing
Where we have the appropriate consent or lawful basis and subject to your preferences, some of your personal data can be processed by our 3rd party marketing partners in order to allow us to communicate with all our customers either by (i.e. phone, email, push notifications).This may include Email & SMS sending platform providers, prize or gift suppliers, etc.
Consent for this processing can be removed, in whole or in part, at any time. If you need more information about this – let us know  here .
All our marketing communications, will include instructions on how to opt out of receiving this specific type of marketing communication. It can take up to 48 hours following on from your request for this to be fully carried out.
We will not share your personal data with unrelated third parties to market their products to you without your prior consent.
6. Telephone Calls
Paymenticon and its third party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use various technologies to collect information, such as cookies and web beacons.
Paymenticon uses cookies, web beacons and other technologies to improve and customize services and websites and your experience; to allow you to access and use the services without re-entering your username or password; to understand usage of services and the interests of our customers; to determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon; and to present you with advertising relevant to your interests.
7. Cookies
Paymenticon and its third party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use various technologies to collect information, such as cookies and web beacons.
Paymenticon uses cookies, web beacons and other technologies to improve and customize services and websites and your experience; to allow you to access and use the services without re-entering your username or password; to understand usage of services and the interests of our customers; to determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon; and to present you with advertising relevant to your interests.
Cookies
Where strictly necessary. These cookies and other technologies are essential in order to enable the services to provide the feature you have requested, such as remembering you have logged in.
For functionality. These cookies and similar technologies remember choices you make such as language or search parameters. Paymenticon use these cookies to provide you with an experience more appropriate with your selections and to make your use of the services more tailored.
For performance and analytics. These cookies and similar technologies collect information on how users interact with the services and enable Paymenticon to improve how the services operate. For example, Paymenticon use Google Analytics cookies to help understand how visitors arrive at and browse our products and website to identify areas for improvement such as navigation, user experience, and marketing campaigns.
Targeting Cookies or Advertising Cookies. These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. They remember the websites you have visited and that information is shared with other parties such as advertising technology service providers and advertisers.
Social media cookies. These cookies are used when you share information using a social media sharing button or “like” button on our websites or you link your account or engage with our content on or through a social media site. The social network will record that you have done this. This information may be linked to targeting/advertising activities.
To opt-out of our use of cookies, you can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of services. Paymenticon and its third party partners also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”).
Many browsers include their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage objects.
You will not be able to opt-out of any cookies or other technologies that are “strictly necessary” for the services.
8. Sharing and Processing your Personal Data
Paymenticon shares information with third parties that help Paymenticon operate, provide, improve, integrate, customize, support and market its services. Paymenticon will ensure that all relationships it enters into that involve the processing of personal data are subject to a documented contract that includes the specific information and terms required by the GDPR. Paymenticon works with its partners – third-party service providers to provide website and application development, games software, hosting, maintenance, backup, storage, virtual infrastructure, payment processing, analysis and other services for us, which may require them to access or use information about you. These include also software suppliers, payment systems providers, entities dealing with Paymenticon’s service marketing on its behalf, entities segmenting users, or dealing with direct contact with users for Paymenticon. If a service provider needs to access information about you to perform services on Paymenticon’s behalf, they do so under close instruction from Paymenticon, including policies and procedures designed to protect your information. Paymenticon always provides its partners with the information necessary to achieve the goals for which they cooperate with Paymenticon.
If required by law, Paymenticon may disclose your information to the Police or other public authority (this includes, but is not limited to, the IP address and details of activity suspected of unlawfulness or dishonesty, such as unlawful use of a given form of payment or security risk assessment).
We may share your Personal Data within the Paymenticon Group and with these other organisations:
Law enforcement agencies, regulators and other authorities
Credit reference agencies
Fraud prevention agencies
Identity verification agencies
Sports governing bodies
Organisations that introduce you to us
Third parties you ask us (or permit us) to share your data with
Third parties necessary to provide products or services which you have requested
9. Transfer outside the EEA
By agreeing to the transfer of your data to third parties, you also agree that third parties may be located outside the EEA. The privacy laws in these countries may not provide the same level of protection as in your country or EEA. Transfers of personal data outside the European Union will be carefully reviewed prior to the transfer taking place to ensure that they fall within the limits imposed by the GDPR. This depends partly on the European Commission’s judgement as to the adequacy of the safeguards for personal data applicable in the receiving country and this may change over time.
Intra-group international data transfers will be subject to legally binding agreements referred to as Binding Corporate Rules (BCR) which provide enforceable rights for data subjects. If Paymenticon share your data outside of the EEA, Paymenticon will rely on standard EU contractual clauses or Privacy Shield Framework that legally allow you to transfer your data and provide the right level of protection.
10. Your Rights
You have rights under the GDPR. These consist of:
The right to withdraw the consent; however, this will not invalidate any previously consented processing
The right to be informed – You has the right to be informed how your personal data are processed and why;
The right of access – You have a right to request a copy of the personal information that we hold about you
The right to rectification – Where personal data is inaccurate, you have the right to request that it be corrected and incomplete personal data completed based on information they may provide.
The right to erasure – You can request us to erase your personal data where there is no lawful basis requiring us to continue processing this personal data. This right only applies in certain circumstances given that legal obligations include data retention periods
The right to restrict processing/object – in certain circumstances you have the right to object or restrict the processing of your personal data, where this is processing is based on consent or our legitimate interest. However, despite your objections or wish to restrict processing, where there are compelling legitimate grounds or legal obligations, we would be required to continue said processing.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that your personal data be provided to you in a “structured, commonly-used and machine-readable format” (GDPR Article 20) and to transfer that data to another party. This applies to personal data for which processing is based on the yours consent and the processing carried out by automated means.
Rights in relation to automated decision making and profiling – You have the right to not be the subject of automated decision-making where the decision has a significant effect on You, and You can insist on human intervention where appropriate. You also have the right to express your point of view and contest decisions.
As referred to above, you also have the general right to withdraw the consent you have given us to process your personal data (in respect of our marketing activities) and where this processing is based on what we deem to be our legitimate interest.
Paymenticon may refuse you to implement certain rights from those indicated above in a situation where the implementation of a given right would be in contradiction with the legitimate purpose of data processing or with obligations imposed on Paymenticon by law. For example, we Paymenticon may refuse you to remove your personal data for the period in which Paymenticon is required to keep this data based on legal regulations on anti- money laundering. It’s very important that you understand that the laws that give you GDPR are not absolute.
If you want to use one of your above indicated rights – please use this form and send it to us here .
11. Changes
Paymenticon may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. Paymenticon will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, Paymenticon will provide a more prominent notice by adding a notice on the homepages, login screens, or by sending you an email notification. Paymenticon will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. Paymenticon encourages you to review Privacy Policy whenever you use services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.
If you disagree with any changes to this Privacy Policy, you will need to stop using services and deactivate your account(s), as outlined above.
Follow us
