Online Privacy and Security
Effective March 9, 2015
At U.S. Bancorp (together with the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers , "U.S. Bank," "we," "us" or "our"),  trust has always been the foundation of our relationship with customers. Our Privacy Policy is designed to describe our  privacy practices and principles in a format that is easy to navigate, read and understand. We pledge to treat your personal  information with the utmost care and respect.
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes the treatment of information that is provided or collected by the payment  portal ("Service").  Note that the Policy does not govern our privacy practices offline or with respect to information that  is not provided or collected through the Service.
While this Online Service Privacy Policy describes how we treat information, please be aware that additional terms and conditions  may apply to the Service.
Types of Information We Collect
We collect two basic types of information through the Service - personal information and anonymous information.
"Personal information" refers to information that identifies (whether directly or indirectly) a particular individual, such as  information you provide on our forms or online fields. Examples may include your name, postal address, email address, telephone  number or account information.
"Anonymous information" means information that does not directly or indirectly identify, and cannot reasonably be used to identify,  a particular individual. Examples may include information about your Internet browser, and aggregated or de-identified data.
How We Collect Your Information
We collect personal information from you or about you when you provide this information to us directly. For example, we may obtain  personal information when you make a payment using the Service. We may also receive information about you from other sources, such  as the company or agency you are paying.
In addition, we may collect information about your activity on the Service automatically using tracking technologies such as cookies.  Definitions for the tracking technologies we use, as well as information regarding how to disable them, are available in the Online Tracking section of the Policy.
If you submit any personal information to us or to our service providers that relates to other people in connection with the Service,  you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Policy.
How We Use Information That We Collect
We may use information that we collect in order to, among other things:
Communicate with you about your transactions
Send you important information regarding the Service, changes to this Policy and/or other similar administrative information
Consistent with local law, make required disclosures, and communicate choices and controls that may be available to you
Verify your identity and/or location (or the identity or location of your authorized representative) for security, fraud   prevention and other risk control purposes
Optimize or improve our products and services
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal
Comply with our legal and regulatory obligations
Enforce our terms and conditions, when applicable, and otherwise protect our rights and operations
How We Share Information That We Collect
We will not share your personal information outside the U.S. Bancorp family of financial service providers, except under limited  circumstances.  Our sharing is limited to those purposes allowed or required by law, such as with companies that provide services  to us to help us deliver the Service, or in response to court orders or other compulsory legal process.
Online Tracking
We and certain trusted service providers operating on our behalf collect information about your activity on the Service using  tracking technologies, including:
Cookies:
Cookies are pieces of information that are stored directly on the device that you are using. They allow us to collect   information such as the type of browser you are using, the amount of time you spend using the Service, the websites or   applications you visit and the preferences you have set up for your accounts. We use this information to personalize your   experience, enhance security, facilitate navigation, display material more efficiently, recognize the device that you are   using to access the Service, and understand how the Service is used. The Service does not use cookies that capture unencrypted   personal information about you.
You can choose to have your device refuse to accept any cookies, and most devices and browsers offer additional privacy settings    for cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Each device and each browser is a little different, so look at your    device Settings or your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you will    not have access to many features that make your user experience more efficient and some of the Service will not function properly.    Please note that you will need to manage your cookie settings for each device and browser that you use.
Pixel tags, web beacons, clear GIFs and other similar technologies. These are typically small pieces of data that are   embedded in images on the Website, our Applications or certain e-mail communications. They may involve the transmission of information   directly to us, to another party on our behalf or to another party in accordance with its privacy policy. We may use these technologies   to bring together information we collect about you.
Information collected through tracking technologies is used for many purposes including, for example, to:
Provide useful features to simplify your experience when you return to the Service
Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of the Service
We may associate this tracking data with your registration information, in which case we will treat it as personal information.
Other Information Collected Automatically
Browser or Device Information: Certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your Media Access  Control (MAC) address, operating system and version, screen resolution,  device manufacturer and model, language, Internet browser type and  version, and the name and version of the Service (such as the Application) you are using. We use this information to ensure that the Service  functions properly.
IP Address: Your IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. An IP address may be  identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the Service, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) visited.  Collecting IP addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. We use IP addresses for  purposes such as calculating usage levels, helping diagnose server problems and administering the Service.
Linked Websites
The Service may contain links to third-party websites not controlled by U.S. Bank. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Service and to read the  privacy policies and terms of use of any such websites that may collect your personal information, as they will likely differ from those of the Service.  U.S. Bank does not guarantee and is not responsible for the privacy or security of these websites, including the accuracy, completeness or reliability of  their information.
Data Security
Your privacy is very important to U.S. Bank and we are committed to protecting your personal information from unauthorized access or use. We strive to use  reasonable organizational, physical, technical and administrative measures to protect personal information within our organization. Unfortunately, no data  transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please  immediately notify us in accordance with the "Contact Us" section below.
Preventing Identity Theft
To help us protect your personal information, it is important that you always keep your account information safe. Never share your personal ID, password or  PIN with anyone, under any circumstances.
Note that U.S. Bank will never initiate a request via email for your sensitive information (e.g., Social Security number, personal ID, password, PIN or  account number). If you receive an email asking for your sensitive information, you should be suspicious of the request and promptly contact  us to report the suspicious activity.
Additional information regarding identity theft and the steps you can take to help protect yourself from fraud can be found on the Federal Trade Commission website.
Children's Privacy
We do not use the Services to knowingly solicit personal information from or market to children under the age of thirteen (13) without parental consent. We  request that such individuals do not provide personal information through the Service. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided  us with information without their consent, he or she should promptly contact us and we will delete such information from our files. For  additional information regarding the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), please visit the Federal Trade Commission  website.
Updating Your Information
If you establish an account log-in, it is important that you keep the information associated with your account accurate and up-to-date. If you believe that your  account information is incomplete, inaccurate or not current, please contact the organization to which you are making a payment and provide the appropriate  information.
If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress or delete personal information that you have previously provided to us, you may contact us .
In your request, please make clear what personal information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have it suppressed from our database  or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of the personal information you have provided to us. For your protection, we may  only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may  need to verify your identity before granting your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting  a change or deletion. There may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records that will not be removed.
Retention Period
We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Cross-Border Transfer
The Service is controlled and operated by us from the United States, and is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory  other than the United States. We may store and process your personal information in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and,  by using the Service, you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have different  data protection rules than those of your country.
Changes to the Online Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may make changes to this Policy in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. We encourage  you to review the Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use and share information through the Service. If we do make changes to the Policy, we will  also update the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy.
Any changes to the Policy will become effective when the revised Policy is posted on the Website, relevant Application or other U.S. Bank online interface, as applicable.  By continuing to use the Service following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Policy.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or our privacy practices generally, we encourage you to contact our customer service department by completing our online email form or by calling 800-USBANKS (872-2657). Alternatively, you may use any of the local telephone numbers for  your area that are listed in the "Contact Us" section of the Customer Service portion of the Website.
