Privacy Policy
kivabe.com
This Privacy Policy of KIVABE.COM governs the manner in which we collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://kivabe.com/ website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all services offered by kivabe.com
Web browser cookies
Our Site or programs used within our site (such as Google Adsense, Google Analytics etc.) may use “cookies” to collect user/visitor data to analyses ad performance, serving banner ads that are relevant to your interest, to analyse traffic, enhance user experience and to protect your data.  A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser when you visit our website. This will record information about your visit which will help us serve more relevant and interesting content and ads to you. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
How we use collected information
KIVABE.COM may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
– To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
– To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
– To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
– To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Changes to this privacy policy
KIVABE.COM has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using KIVABE.COM, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Follow:
ওয়ার্ডপ্রেস শিখুন আমাদের সাথে
MicorSoft Excel টিউটোরিয়াল লিস্ট
অফিস প্রোগ্রাম MS Word টিউটোরিয়াল লিস্ট
Md Shariar Sarkar says:
তুলিশিল্পী তাজ says:
সাপ্রতিক লেখা
