Paltalk Privacy Policy
Paltalk values our users privacy and protection of their data, we build our apps and operate our business with this in mind.
Paltalk is a property of PeerStream Inc. who also operates Camfrog, TinyChat, FirstMet, 50more, Ribbit, Pack, Firetalk, and Vumber.  Your services are provided by Peerstream Inc. who also acts as a data controller for your information.
This privacy policy applies to all of Paltalk’s services.  By using Paltalk you agree to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Service .
As part of providing a great experience for you this sometimes requires us to collect personal information from you. We have done our best to give you control and access to your data where possible and we want you to be aware how that data is being used.  This policy will cover:
What information we may collect about you
What we may do with the information we collect about you;
Whether we share your information with anyone else
How we use cookies on our site
Where we store your information
How we keep your information secure
Your rights in relation to your information
 
INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTARILY PROVIDE
To register and interact with members on the site, many times you will be prompted to share information with us to improve your experience while using the product.  Some of the information you may share with us includes:
User nickname
E-mail address
Real-time or recorded video and audio
 
INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND YOUR DEVICE
When you use Paltalk and interact with our services, we may use technology to collect information about your activity.  Some of the data that is collected while using the website and mobile/desktop clients may include:
IP address
Number of sessions per browser/client on each device
Type of device and operating system
Referrer information
Local language
Actions taken while in the client or on the website
Device identifiers
 
THIS IS WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
We use the information you provide to us to:
Enable us to provide the Services
Ensure that our apps/website are presented in an effective manner for you and for your device
Provide you with marketing information about us and our services Opt out here
Notify you about changes to Paltalk
Carry out our obligations arising out of the Terms of Service
Defend our servers against malicious attacks
 
OUR USE OF AGGREGATED AND ANONYMIZED INFORMATION
 
THIS IS WHO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH
We work with 3rd parties to help with many things including sharing information with you, helping us support you, preventing fraud, protecting our infrastructure, and providing a better experience for you.
We are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request, and/or to protect the safety of our other users.  
Some of our advertising partners may deploy their own tracking or cookies not administered by PeerStream Inc.  These technologies are subject to our advertisers’ Privacy Policies. You can learn more about this below under the Cookies, Pixels and Local Storage section.
When processing payments third-party processors receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process your order. In addition, we may disclose information to third parties to verify the authenticity of any financial transaction involving our company or to update your billing information.
Below is a non-exhaustive list of third parties we work with. We may work with third parties not listed below or stop working with the third parties listed below.
Facebook
Google
OUR USE OF COOKIES, PIXELS AND LOCAL STORAGE
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your computer, mobile phone or other device.  Pixels are small blocks of code on web pages that do things like allow another server to measure viewing of a web page and are often used in connection with cookies. HTML5 Local Storage is a small database located inside your browser which web pages can use to store data to speed up their processing. We may use all three technologies from time to time to help improve your browsing experience.
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, storing your preferences, and generally improving your experience on Paltalk  Cookies make the interaction between you and Paltalk faster and easier. Cookies and other things like local storage also help us authenticate you to deliver personalized content to you.
Please refer to your device’s help material to learn what controls you can use to remove or block cookies.  Please remember that if you do this, it may affect your ability to use Paltalk.  As you use your device, you will encounter third parties that make use of cookies and similar technologies.  We are not responsible for those third parties or what they may place on your device or in your browser.
 
KEEPING INFORMATION SECURE
 
HERE ARE YOUR RIGHTS
We think it is important that you are able to control your personal information.
For our European users who are protected by the GDPR:
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.  You can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at support@paltalk.com.
The law gives you the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you.  We may request additional information about you to verify your identity before we do such. We will supply, correct or delete personal information about you in our files.  In addition, you may request rectification or erasure of personal information as well as the restriction of processing of your personal information. We will comply with your requests in accordance with the applicable law.
If you wish to complain about the processing of your personal information then please contact us first, but if we do not satisfactorily deal with your complaint, then you may contact the Information Commissioner.
For our users not covered under GDPR:
 
THIRD PARTY PROPERTIES ACCESSED FROM PALTALK
 
CHANGE OF CONTROL
 
CHANGES TO OUR POLICY
 
SURVEYS AND PROMOTIONS
 
ARBITRATION
 
TARGETING AND TRACKING
We may use Tracking Technologies to deliver content, including ads, relevant to your interests on the Services and third-party sites based on how you interact with our advertisements or content, and to track the content you access.
 
INTERNET ADVERTISING
We or our advertising partners may use Tracking Technologies to collect Information about your visits over time and across the Services and other third-party websites and combine that information with other information received from other sources, in order to serve more targeted advertising to you. For example, we use Google interest based cookies to serve personalized ads to you. Our ad partners automatically receive your IP address or Device identifier when this happens. Their tools may also limit the number of times you see the same ad and help measure the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns. These third parties may also use information gathered from your use of the Services to serve targeted, interest-based advertisements from other advertisers to you on third-party websites and applications.
The Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) has also made available for consumers tools on which you can register your choices not to be tracked by participating advertising networks or companies in the collection and use of your online activities. These are (1) The DAA Consumer Choice Page for Mobile Web (at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ) and (2) DAA AppChoices (at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices ), which is a mobile app that allows you to opt out of the collection and use of cross-app data, other than for permitted uses, by listed third-party AppChoices participants. You may opt out of mobile-app targeted advertising ads from any or all of the listed participating advertising networks. You can download the free mobile app from an app store available on your mobile platform. When you opt out with a particular participating advertising network, the mobile app adds your device identifier to that participant’s opt-out list. The participant advertising network is then notified to block the device identifiers on the opt-out list.
You can also prevent your receipt of interest-based ads on websites by deleting and declining cookies in your browser(s). Note that your opt-out choice is applied only to the browser from which you make the choice.
Some newer mobile device operating systems allow you to limit the use of information to deliver interest-based advertising in mobile applications, or your mobile web browser may provide a “Do Not Track” browser setting which will notify those ad servers and networks who recognize the signals to refrain from sending you interest-based ads to your mobile device. You can check the settings on your device for such options in your device’s operating system. Alternatively, you may wish to download the TrustE mobile application and/or the Digital Alliance “App Choices” mobile application and follow the instructions provided.
If you opt-out of receiving targeted ads on our Services, you may continue to receive advertising and promotional messages after you opt-out, but they will not be customized or personalized to you based on your use of our Services.
 
CONTACTING US IS EASY AND WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU
We really do welcome any questions, comments, and requests you may have regarding this Policy.  You can contact us by support@paltalk.com
Footer Links
