We love our community at Cratejoy. You’ve trusted us with a big responsibility, and we’re committed to upholding a high standard when it comes to our privacy practices. It’s important to us that you’re comfortable on Cratejoy, so we provide options for you to control how much information you share and your communication preferences. We use secure technologies and follow best practices. We believe in being transparent about our practices, which is why we provide a detailed Privacy Policy to explain how we gather, use and protect your information. We’ve pulled out the highlights here, in an effort to better communicate the key points.
By visiting Cratejoy’s website or using Cratejoy’s mobile applications, you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
Current policy published: May 22, 2018
Your Privacy Rights
Introduction
 
 
Information Collected and Received
 
 
 
 
We retain the personal data that you provide to us when you registered with the Cratejoy website and/or application or any other information that you volunteered while using the website and/or application for (i) as long as your account is active or (ii) otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need to fulfill the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law. We retain any information provided as described in the Uses of Information below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(e) Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting. We allow advertisers to display advertising on our sites and applications. Our advertisers may use technology such as cookies to gather information about your activities on multiple sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your activities and interests. The only way to opt out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is through the settings in your browser or mobile device. Please review your browser or mobile device information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools (to learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit  http://www.allaboutcookies.org  and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at  http://www.networkadvertising.org ). If you access the Cratejoy service, websites and/or applications on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through the settings. For more information, see the Cookies Section below.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Do Not Track Requests  
 
Links
 
 
 
Amendments
 
 
 
Contacts
 
 
The Cratejoy site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from Cratejoy, except transactional correspondence. To opt-out of receiving our communications, you can (i) send email to support@cratejoy.com; or (ii) send postal mail to: Cratejoy, Inc., 720 Brazos Street #120, Austin, TX 78701.
Search for:
Cratejoy is the all-in-one subscription box platform that includes everything you need to start your own subscription box business!
Custom boxes and standard Cratejoy boxes
