Looking for more in-depth information? Our product literature has it all. Simply tell us how you prefer to view it.
PRINTED LITERATURE
Our printed literature provides everything you need, from information to product specifications and more.
Our interactive online literature offers the same detailed content, plus informative videos, links and more.
Grasshopper is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to our website and other digital properties, as well as to any or all email communications, and governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use of, access to and correction of of your personal information. By using the website or other Grasshopper digital properties, or by providing personal information through any of these properties, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described herein, you should not use these digital properties. 
 
Periodic Policy Changes
 
 
Information is used specifically to enhance the Visitor/Customer experience by providing:
Contact information through which Grasshopper may follow-up with product or parts/service information, product demonstrations or quotes as requested.
Address information through which Grasshopper may match each Visitor/Customer to an Authorized Grasshopper Dealer, Distributor or representative in their area.
Application information through which Grasshopper may tailor its response to Visitor/Customer needs through an enhanced understanding of their equipment needs, applications and preferences.
Visitor/Customer Information is not shared or sold for use in marketing or solicitation outside the Grasshopper network of Dealers, Distributors and authorized representatives ("Affiliates").
Grasshopper reserves the right to share any and/or all visitor information with Grasshopper Affiliates. By submitting correspondence which requires Visitor/Customer Information, Visitor/Customer expressly agrees to allow Grasshopper to share any and/or all Information with its Affiliates as it deems appropriate to facilitate sales and/or service for the Visitor/Customer.
 
Use of Cookies
 
Information Collected by Others
 
Website Content
 
Email
 
Information is used specifically to enhance the Visitor/Customer experience by providing:
Contact information through which Grasshopper may follow-up with product or parts/service information, product demonstrations or quotes as requested.
Address information through which Grasshopper may match each Visitor/Customer to an Authorized Grasshopper Dealer, Distributor or representative in their area.
 
Use of Cookies
Grasshopper utilizes cookies, which are small data files sent to the Visitor’s/Customer’s computer to help track visits, content interests and allow Grasshopper to enhance the user experience by better tailoring communications to their interests.
Visitor/Customer Information is not shared or sold for use in marketing or solicitation outside the Grasshopper network of Dealers, Distributors and authorized representatives ("Affiliates").
 
EU Citizens Notice
Per the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), Grasshopper response forms will provide a means of establishing and tracking Lawful Basis of Processing. This includes Consent with Proper Notice — meaning that EU citizens will be provided with details as to the nature of future email communications and a mechanism through which they can provide an affirmative opt-in. It will also include:
Details on how Grasshopper will process and use their information.
Notice as to how they may modify their preferences or request removal from Grasshopper’s mailing list.
A mechanism allowing the Visitor/Customer to agree to the use of cookies, which are small data files sent to their computer to help track visits, content interests and allow Grasshopper to enhance the user experience by better tailoring communications to the interests of the individual.
EU Citizens may withdraw consent at any time by unsubscribing from specific types or all Grasshopper email communications using the Email Preferences or Unsubscribe links located at the bottom of any email communication. They may also request that all their personal data be deleted from Grasshopper’s database, or request access to a copy of all stored data in a machine-readable format, such as a .csv or .xls file, to verify Lawful Basis of Processing.
 
Visitor/Customer Request Process 
Grasshopper respects Visitors’/Customers’ right to privacy and appreciates interest in our products. So that we may respond appropriately to your inquiries and questions, we often ask questions about equipment use and mowing applications. While we do use some answers to help determine demand for various products and gauge trends in demographics, no name or contact information is associated with these statistical uses.
When a Visitor/Customer requests product literature by mail, Grasshopper will respond with product information and the name and location of the visitor’s/customer's nearest Grasshopper dealer. Later, a follow-up card is sent to ensure Visitor's/Customer's questions were answered; and last, a copy of The Hopper, the Grasshopper owners report with stories of interesting people who benefit from using Grasshopper products. Grasshopper will inform the Visitor's/Customer's Dealer that the Visitor/Customer has contacted Grasshopper, so the Dealer can follow up locally.
When requesting other information or services via email, including but not limited to brochures, requests for quotes or product demonstrations, etc., we will send links to product information via email to the email address provided. We may also forward name and contact information to our affiliates to facilitate sales and/or service for the Visitor/Customer. Visitor/Customer agrees that by providing an email address to Grasshopper, he/she “opts-in” to receive future email messaging from Grasshopper related to products offers, lawn care tips, safety information, etc.
Note: Grasshopper will NOT send correspondence by mail or email if Visitor/Customer does not specifically request product information. When Visitor/Customer requests product literature, Grasshopper has Visitor's/Customer's permission to send information to the contact information disclosed.
 
Opting Out of Grasshopper Communications
 
Deletion of/Requests for Copies of Data Collected
We retain all Information that you provide as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about Grasshopper products or services. However, upon request, we will delete all Visitor/Customer information, or provide a full record of any personal information on file.
 
The following statement governs any email communication sent from Grasshopper and may be posted on this page in lieu of the bottom of the email message:
 
