TRION WORLDS’ PRIVACY POLICY
Please click here to download a PDF version of our Privacy Policy.
Effective May 25, 2018
Trion Worlds, Inc. (“Trion” or “we” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting the Personal Information (defined below) that you may provide us while using our websites (the “Sites” as further defined below). Your use of the Sites is subject to your agreement to the terms of this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) and our  Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement. In addition, and where appropriate, your rights and obligations concerning the Sites are governed by the applicable terms of sale, the applicable Game’s EULA, and other applicable policies, guidelines, FAQs and requirements. When you sign up to use the Sites and/or any of our services, please review such agreements carefully, as you must agree to be bound by each such agreement before you may use the Sites and/or the relevant service.
This Privacy Policy sets forth the basis on which any Personal Information that you provide to us, or that we collect from you, will be processed by us and is intended to provide you with notice of the following:
1. WEBSITES GOVERNED BY THE PRIVACY POLICY
We currently operate the website located at  www.trionworlds.com , including all of its subsites and all software, products, features, games and services made available, displayed, or offered by or through our website or subsites (collectively, the “Sites”). In addition, we own many other game-specific (e.g.  riftgame.com , defiance.com ) and/or content-specific “subsites” of the Sites, and these subsites are also considered part of the Sites for purposes of this Privacy Policy. From time to time, we may add new subsites to the Sites that may not initially be listed above, but such subsites will provide a link to and will be governed by this Privacy Policy and our  Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement. Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to Sites maintained by Trion, and not to any affiliates or websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies of all third parties and exercise caution in connection with them.
2. YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS
As further discussed in this Privacy Policy, we may from time to time provide you with the opportunity to receive information about products and services offered by Trion and/or our third party marketing affiliates. You can update your Account preferences, including Account password, email address, payment details, newsletter preferences, request to remove your account and/or prevent future disclosures of your Personal Information to us and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes, at no charge, by exercising your “opt out” rights through any of the means described below:
You can send mail or email expressly making such request to: Trion Worlds, Attention: Privacy Officer, 2400 Bridge Parkway, Suite 100, Redwood City, CA 94065 or privacy@trionworlds.com ; or
You can access your user profile and modify your privacy preferences by opting-out of direct marketing communications from Trion and/or our third party marketing affiliates; or
You can find additional information from the Trion Support page at https://support.trionworlds.com/hc/en-us/articles/204400287-Contacting-Trion-Support or submit a Support Request here https://support.trionworlds.com/hc/en-us/requests/new .
Upon receipt of any electronic marketing communication from us, you can click on a link on the bottom of such communication to “unsubscribe” from any future marketing communications from us.
If you are a California resident, please see the Privacy Disclosures for California Residents section of this Privacy Policy.
Additional disclosures are provided for residents of the European Union in the section titled, Privacy Disclosures for Residents of the European Union section of this Privacy Policy.
In the event that you contact us with a specific request or “opt in” to Trion communications, including but not limited to participating in services, events, sweepstakes, contests and/or promotions, after choosing to opt out, we reserve the right as is permitted by applicable laws, to transmit communications containing transactional or relationship content to you as necessary. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that such communications will be limited to the scope of your request and/or the subject matter of your “opt in.” You hereby acknowledge that it is your responsibility to renew your “opt out” request after you choose to “opt in” as set forth above.
OUR CERTIFICATION UNDER ESRB PRIVACY CERTIFIED
This Privacy Policy and the certification seal located above confirm that Trion is a valid licensee, and participating member, of the Entertainment Software Rating Board’s (“ESRB”) Privacy Certified Program: ESRB Privacy Certified (“ESRB Privacy Certified”). We have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative and the Sites where this Privacy Policy is posted have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Certified to meet established online information collection, use and disclosure practices. As a licensee of this privacy program, we are subject to audits of the Sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified.
DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor our non-English language Sites, we make all best efforts to ensure that non-English language Sites adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to the EU and other jurisdiction’s regulations.
OUR CERTIFICATION under the PRIVACY shield FRAMEWORK
Trion complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Information from European Union member countries and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Trion has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice; choice; accountability for onward transfer; security; data integrity and purpose limitation; access; and recourse, enforcement and liability. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction with enforcement authority over Trion’s compliance with the Privacy Shield. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view Trion’s certification, please visit  https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
In compliance with the Privacy Shield Framework, Trion commits to resolve complaints regarding our collection or use of your Personal Information. Individuals in European Union member countries and Switzerland with inquiries or complaints regarding Trion’s Privacy Shield policy should first contact Trion at privacy@trionworlds.com .
Trion has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint.
Under certain limited conditions, individuals may invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield mechanisms. For additional information go to https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction .
Additionally, at any time, a European Union or Swiss individual may submit a complaint directly to his or her local European Union data protection authority or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, as applicable.
Trion is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives under the Privacy Shield that is subsequently transferred to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. Trion may be liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if its agent processes such personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Principles, unless the Trion proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
4. OUR POLICIES CONCERNING CHILDREN
Please take note that the content, games and services provided on the Sites are not directed towards children under the age of sixteen (16) (“Children”). Therefore, except as otherwise expressly permitted by our  Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement ( /en/legal/terms-of-use/ ) and our Privacy Policy, registration for and/or access to such content, games and services by Children is strictly prohibited. Individuals under the age of eighteen (18) should consult their parents or legal guardians before providing us with any of their Personal Information.
If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their child’s Personal Information, they should contact us at Trion Worlds, Attention: Privacy Officer, 2400 Bridge Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065 or privacy@trionworlds.com to request the deletion of the information.
GENERAL
Personal information is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, such as your name (first and surname together), email address, postal address and/or phone number, and online identifiers (“Personal Information”). Visitors purchasing products or services will be required to provide additional Personal Information such as a valid credit card number, expiration date and shipping and billing addresses. With the exception of certain technical information later described, we do not collect any Personal Information from you unless you provide it to us voluntarily (e.g. through interaction or registration with the Sites).
If you decide to provide us your Personal Information, it will generally be for: (1) account or product registration, or registration for online game participation; (2) the purchase of goods or services through our online store (including the purchase of in-game digital items (“Virtual Items”)); (3) message boards or forums; (4) newsletters; (5) e-cards or Invite a Friend promotions; (6) sweepstakes or contest registrations or surveys; (7) customer service or technical support; (8) consumer complaint(s); and (9) social media interaction.
We will only collect the Personal Information which is needed to fulfill your requests and/or our legitimate business objectives, as set out in this Privacy Policy, and we will keep it no longer than is necessary to fulfill such purposes and objectives. If you refuse to divulge your Personal Information when requested, and the disclosure of such Personal Information is indicated as being required (rather than voluntary), you will not be able to access certain functionality or areas of the Site (such as chat rooms and message boards).
ACCOUNT OR PRODUCT REGISTRATION AND ONLINE GAME PARTICIPATION
Trion provides certain content, online games (each a “Game”) and/or services through the Site. Some areas of the Site may allow you to visit as a guest and remain anonymous, but you may not be able to access all the content and features of those areas without registering an account with us (e.g. in order to play our Games or purchase Game-related Virtual Items). Additional information, such as your real name and billing information, will be required (an “Account”) in order to access advanced features. Important information regarding Account registration procedures and the security of your Account is set out in our Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement (https://www.trionworlds.com/en/legal/terms-of-use/).
ONLINE GAMES
When you play any of the Games offered and/or served by Trion, or use any of the communication features on the Site, your Internet Protocol address (the unique number assigned to your server or Internet Service Provider) (your “IP Address”) from which you access any of the above may be stored in our records. Trion may track such IP addresses for system administration, to report aggregate information, Site tracking, security purposes, or to prevent our servers from being abused.
When any Game is updated or “patched,” our patch routine may check your computer to see that you have the most recent version of Game-specific files; when you communicate within any Game or any other communication feature within the Sites (e.g. live chat, instant message services and the like), even “privately” to another person, you do so with the understanding that those communications go through our servers. You expressly agree to waive any rights of confidentiality that you may have in and to your communications (if any) when using any of the Sites’ communication features, you agree you have no expectation of privacy in any of those communications; and, accordingly, where and to the extent permitted by applicable law, you expressly agree to monitoring of communications (including technical support and customer service communications) that you send and receive. When you log in to one of our Games, your system specifications (such as OS, RAM, video card, monitor, system configuration, crash data, diagnostic data, etc.) may be reviewed/recorded by us for the purposes of analyzing and optimizing your Game experience and in order to provide you with customer service.
ONLINE PURCHASES
When you sign up to play one of our fee-based Games or you make certain online purchases from us (including the purchase of any Game-related Virtual Items), we may also require that you provide us with the necessary billing information such as your real name, credit card or payment information, and shipping or billing address, so that we may provide the content, Game, Virtual Item(s), service, or product to you (according to the terms of the sale, including for example our Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement (https://www.trionworlds.com/en/legal/terms-of-use/) and the End User License Agreement (“EULA”) for such Game(s)).
Prior to May 2018, users’ payment method details were automatically saved in order to facilitate future transactions. Trion’s latest purchase flow permits users to choose to have their payment method stored and those who do not wish to have their payment method stored can choose a one-time purchase option. Users have the ability to access, change and delete their payment method details through their Account.
MESSAGE BOARDS OR FORUMS
Please take note that information you post to the public areas of our Sites, which include but are not limited to, message boards, forums, chat rooms, and/or profiles, if applicable, will be displayed publicly and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.
NEWSLETTERS AND INVITE A FRIEND PROMOTIONS
Typically you need to have an Account in order to receive emails from us, provided that you may receive email communications from us on a one-time basis if you have contacted us directly with regard to a specific request or for email newsletters. You can opt-out of receiving future marketing emails from us by following the directions contained in the email to “unsubscribe.”
Notwithstanding your email preferences, from time to time, Trion may send a transactional or relationship message which provides information concerning a transaction you have agreed to, your membership, subscription or account and/or warranty or safety information.
Also, except in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited by law to do so, the Site or service offerings available thereon may allow you to submit information about other people. For example, we may offer “Invite a Friend” promotions, like electronic postcards available on the Site or through our newsletters. In these situations, you may provide the email address and, sometimes, the name of a friend. After the “Invite a Friend” transaction is completed, that information is deleted. We will not retain the recipient’s email address for longer than necessary to complete the transmission. In our communication to your friend in this circumstance, he or she will only receive further information from us if he or she has affirmatively opted-in to receive future emails from us.
SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS, AND SURVEYS
To participate in some of our sweepstakes, contests, surveys, and other promotions, you may be asked to provide additional Personal Information such as your mailing address. This information may be collected by Trion or by third parties such as co-sponsors or vendors for the promotion. Potential winners may be required to provide additional Personal Information for the purpose of verifying eligibility and awarding prizes, and for tax purposes. Trion’s use of any such information will be governed by this Privacy Policy. The names of third parties such as co-sponsors (other than vendors hired by us to conduct, administer, and execute a promotion on behalf of Trion) will be disclosed to you when you are asked to sign up for the promotion. You should review such third parties’ privacy policies to see how they may use any information that they collect.
CUSTOMER SERVICE, TECHNICAL SUPPORT OR CONSUMER COMPLAINTS
In order to resolve issues related to customer service, billing questions, technical and computer support, etc., we require you to provide us with the information necessary to look up your Account (e.g. billing information including personal information such as your billing and/or shipping address) so that we may resolve such issues properly.
SOCIAL MEDIA INTERACTION
When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking websites, such as Facebook and/or Twitter (or third party social media plug-ins and applications), you may allow us to have access to certain information from the applicable social media profile, such as your name, email address, photo, gender, birthday, location, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the “likes” you make. By doing so, you agree to the use of this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. When you provide personal information to us in this manner, it may be publicly viewed by other members of the applicable social media websites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.
Through some social networking websites’ privacy settings, you can control the data you share. For more information about how social networking websites handle your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.
RESUME SUBMISSIONS AND BUSINESS CAPACITY
Trion allows for the electronic submission of resumes. Please be advised that information (including Personal Information) contained in a job applicant’s resume or otherwise submitted to Trion in a business capacity is not subject to the terms of any other section of this Privacy Policy. The information obtained from your resume will only be used for the purpose of accepting and evaluating your submission for a job and contacting you, your previous employers and your references in connection with that purpose.
INDIRECT COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Please note that, as mentioned elsewhere in this Privacy Policy and/or in our  Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement (https://www.trionworlds.com/en/legal/terms-of-use/) and/or on the Sites itself, Trion may collect from you Personal Information relating to certain third parties, such as your parents, other family members, friends, etc. (“Indirect Personal Information”). Except as provided by applicable laws and/or as described in this Privacy Policy, you will not give any such Indirect Personal Information to us and/or any to third-party without the relevant third party’s consent.
6. WHAT NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
General, aggregated, demographic, and non-Personal Information may be collected by Trion. This type of anonymous, aggregated profiling and session data includes information that you have provided to us through surveys, polls, etc., and is combined with your IP address.
As part of the registration process for some services, you will be asked to provide information that does not personally identify you. For example, you will be asked to provide information concerning your date of birth, country, entertainment preferences, purchasing habits, and the like. This information is generally optional, but where provided it will be included in your Account profile and you hereby agree to this information being tied to your Personal Information. Trion requests this information to understand you better and to also bring to your attention new services, programs, or offers that may be of interest to you. Where Trion automatically collects non-Personal Information as stated above, and it is possible to link this information to your Personal Information, you hereby agree to Trion linking relevant non-Personal information to your Personal Information.
In many cases, Trion will automatically collect certain non-Personal Information about your use of the Sites. Trion might collect, among other things, information concerning the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet Service Provider, your “click path” through the Sites, and the website or advertisement that was linked to or from the Site when you visited. To do this, Trion may use cookies and other technology (see next section). In addition, your web browser or client software may transmit certain geographic information or information regarding your computer (capabilities, game data processing, etc.) to Trion. Trion may use this information to generate statistics about our user community and may provide such information to advertisers and/or our affiliates. Trion may also use such information for security, system integrity (e.g. the prevention of hacking, cheats, etc.) or enforcement purposes. Please note that, your visits to the Sites, and information provided through these technologies, will be connected to your IP address and are therefore not anonymous.
COOKIES
The Sites, and some services and advertisements displayed or made available thereon, may contain “cookies.” Cookies are a feature of your web browser which allow websites to transfer bits of information to your computer for recordkeeping purposes. A cookie stored on your computer can be used to “remember” things such as your password or that you have already registered an Account. This enables us to accelerate your future activities, saving the time that you would otherwise spend entering information such as your username or password.
Trion (itself or through a third party service) also employs a software technology called clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons”) that helps us better manage content on our Sites by informing us what content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on Site pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. These clear gifs are tied to unique identifiers such as your IP address. Technology and tools such as clear GIFs assist in the delivery of cookies.
Our third party tracking service uses cookies and clear gifs to track information about visitors to our Sites in the aggregate. They capture usage and volume statistics to help improve our Sites. We have no access to or control of these third-party tracking utilities.  Upon request, Trion will provide a non-exhaustive list of these third party service providers. If you wish to opt out this third party data collection, you must opt out of Trion’s services.
We also use clear GIFs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. For this reason, these types of clear GIFs are tied to Personal Information.
Cookies can either be permanent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). Certain cookies are required to allow or facilitate electronic communications or are necessary to allow the provision of online services at the request of the user. Personal Information, such as unique identifiers (i.e. IP address), collected through the use of these technologies will be collected, stored and processed according to this Privacy Policy.
Trion (itself or through a third party service) uses cookies, clear GIFs, frames, server log analysis and other technology to:
enable you to move around the Sites and use its features, such as accessing secure areas of the Sites;
collect information about how you use our Sites, estimate our audience size and usage patterns, and improve how our Sites work;
store information about your preferences, so as to allow us to customize your experience with the Sites and its subsites;
to speed up your searches;
recognize you when you return to our Sites;
retrieve information for promotional, marketing or security purposes; and
collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests.
We use Google Analytics to provide web analytics data about our Site. Google Analytics places a cookie on your web browser that tracks and reports website traffic. None of the information collected by Google Analytics consists of or is linked to Personal Information belonging to you. You may opt-out of the service by installing the Google Analytics opt-out add-on found here https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
By using our Sites, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device and use clear GIFs.
Most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You should refer to your browser instructions or “Help” screen to learn more about how to manage cookies. Please note, however, that if you block cookies, some portions of the Sites may not function properly.
DISCLOSURE REGARDING MONITORING
Please note that, when running, some Games may monitor your computer’s random access memory (“RAM”), media access control (“MAC”) address, configuration files and system files, etc., for unauthorized third party programs running concurrently with your Game which, in Trion ‘s sole determination: (i) enable or facilitate cheating of any type; (ii) allow users to modify or hack the applicable Game interface, environment, and/or experience in any way not expressly authorized by Trion; or (iii) intercept, “mine” or otherwise collect information from or through the applicable Game (an “Unauthorized Third Party Program”). In the event that a Game detects an Unauthorized Third Party Program, (a) the Game may communicate information back to Trion, including without limitation your Account username, details about the Unauthorized Third Party Program detected and the activities or functions performed thereby, and/or details about your computer, and/or (b) Trion may exercise any or all of its rights and remedies under the Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement (https://www.trionworlds.com/en/legal/terms-of-use/) or the applicable Game EULA without prior notice to the user linked to such Unauthorized Third Party Program.
You acknowledge that any and all data that is stored and is resident on our servers, and any and all communications that you make within the Sites or any Games (including, but not limited to, messages solely directed at another player or group of players) traverse through our servers, may or may not be monitored by us or our agents (to the extent permitted by applicable law), you have no expectation of privacy in any such communications and expressly agree to such monitoring of communications you send and receive. You expressly agree to waive any rights of confidentiality that you may have in and to your communications (if any) when using any of the Sites’ communication features, you agree you have no expectation of privacy in any of those communications and, accordingly, and you expressly agree to such monitoring of communications (including technical support and customer service communications) that you send and receive.
HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU
Personal Information which we collect for a particular purpose will only be saved and used for that purpose, unless you have agreed to allow us to use it for some other purpose, as described in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you make an online purchase from us, unless you have given us permission to do otherwise, we will only collect and save the Personal Information you provided to us, including your billing and delivery information, in order to (1) complete the sale, (2) comply with tax and other applicable statutes, (3) maintain accurate business and financial records (in accordance with accepted standards), and (4) assist with customer service and returns.
We may use the Personal Information we collect from you to enable us to:
provide you with technical support, customer service, and Account maintenance;
learn what you like and tailor your experience accordingly;
improve the Sites and its subsites and our other products and services;
provide services or products you request;
allow you to participate in or use the Trion communication features;
allow you to play one of our fee-based Games, or free Games and download any other Game;
allow you to benefit from any other services, as the case may be, such as sweepstakes, contests and promotions;
manage your Account and respond to your potential orders, requests and online purchases;
inform you of any changes made to the Sites and its subsites; and
inform you of products, services, promotions and offers which you may find interesting.
If you do not want us to use your Personal Information in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, you can “opt-out” in the manner discussed under “Your Privacy Rights” set forth in this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION WE PROVIDE TO THIRD PARTIES
Where and to the extent required by the applicable laws, you hereby expressly agree to your Personal Information being shared with or otherwise transferred by Trion to third parties.
When you have provided Personal Information to us for a particular purpose, we may disclose your information to other companies that we have engaged to assist us in fulfilling your request and who we subject to confidentiality requirements. This may include, but is not limited to, billing and payment services, customer relationship management services and other third party service providers. A very limited number of these third party billing and payment service providers may then further use the Personal Information to provide targeted marketing and advertising services. We may also disclose any of your Personal Information to law enforcement or other appropriate third parties in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other suspected illegal activities, or as otherwise may be required by applicable laws, or, as we deem necessary in our sole discretion, in order to protect the rights, property or safety of Trion, our customers or others. Note that we may be required to release Personal Information in response to lawful requests from public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We will also provide your Personal Information to third party processors so that it can be administered and processed for the purposes notified to you in the Privacy Policy and our  Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement (https://www.trionworlds.com/en/legal/terms-of-use/) and we may also share details with third parties (such as auditors or legal advisors) in order to obtain professional advice. Any such processing will be governed by an agreement in the form required by applicable laws, preserving any and all of your statutory data protection rights.
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not give any of your Personal Information to any third party without your express approval, and the only Personal Information we will request to share with third parties is your name, mailing address and email address. If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with third parties, you can “opt out” in the manner discussed under “Your Privacy Rights” set forth at the beginning of this Privacy Policy. If you do choose to opt out, in some instances, you must opt out of Trion’s services.  We sometimes share general, demographic, or aggregated non-Personal Information with third parties about our user base, but that information does not include any Personal Information.
You will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, a subsequent owner or operator of the Site, of any Personal Information contained in the Trion database for such Site, if Trion or one of its companies assigns all of its rights and obligations regarding the use of your Personal Information at the time of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale of all or substantially all of the Site’s assets to a subsequent owner or operator, or similar event.
GENERAL
You have the right to access information held about you by Trion. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws.
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected online by Trion through the Sites, as maintained by Trion and affiliated companies that Trion may own or control.
From time to time, we may provide links to third party websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third party websites, whether we provide a link to such sites or not, so we encourage you to review the policies of all such sites carefully, as your rights will be governed by those third party policies and not by Trion’s. Additionally, there may be unauthorized third party websites that may be providing links from their sites to our Sites without our knowledge or control.
We are not responsible for the content of any third party websites, expressly disclaim any statements or assertions made on such websites, and deny all liability associated with your use of, and the content on, such other sites or advertisements contained therein.
INFORMATION ABOUT CO-PUBLISHED GAMES
Certain Games may be provided to you in conjunction with a third party developer and/or publisher. During the registration process for such Games, you may be notified that such third party wishes to access your Personal Information. In such a situation, you will be given an opportunity to consent to the sharing of that information before such information is disclosed to the applicable third party. However, if you do not provide consent then you may be unable to participate in the applicable co-published Game. As described in the registration process, a third party’s use of the shared Personal Information will be governed by its privacy policy and Trion’s use of such information shall, of course, be governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES
Trion may employ the use of third party service providers in order to facilitate the usability and functionality of the Sites and/or services. These third party service providers may collect data about you through your use of Trion’s Sites and/or services. It is your responsibility to review the privacy policies and practices of these third party service providers, particularly those linked below. Your use of the Sites and/or services indicate your agreement to such collection of your data.
Trion may use third party software from companies who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). Each of these organizations offers a single location to opt out of receiving tailored ads from its member companies. To opt out of information collection by NAI member companies, or to obtain information about the technologies they use or their own privacy policies, visit the NAI consumer opt out page located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices . To opt out of information collection by DAA member companies, visit the DAA consumer opt out page located at http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . Please note that we strive to adhere to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising .
Unity is a third party service provider utilized by Trion and it collects certain data from you during your use of Trion’s Site, Games and/or related services. For more detail as to what information they collect, please review their privacy policy, available at https://unity3d.com/ru/legal/privacy-policy , which may be updated from time to time.
10. HOW YOU MAY ACCESS, CHANGE OR DELETE THE INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US
At the time that you provide Personal Information, Trion may give you the option of declining any future offers or information about new products, promotions or services. In addition, many of the mailings that Trion may send you, such as newsletters, have procedures within them to cancel the receipt of any future promotional mailings.
Subject to security and privacy concerns (e.g., regarding your password and credit card number), you will have the ability to access, change, transfer, delete and/or update your information and communications preferences through your Account. If, for any reason, you are concerned with the way we are using your Personal Information, or would like to correct or request that we delete such Personal Information, please contact Trion Worlds, Attention: Privacy Officer, 2400 Bridge Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065 or privacy@trionworlds.com . If you choose to have your Personal Information removed from our active databases, we will do so within a reasonable time after your request and we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Information is not used (except as may be required by law) by Trion after your notification to us. Please note that the deletion of your data will lead to the termination of your Account and applicable services.
RIGHT TO OPT OUT
Under California law, our customers that are California residents may request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. As detailed above, we do not share our customers’ Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties for direct marketing purposes without such customers’ approval. If, at any time, you wish to learn more about our disclosure policy, opt out of having your Personal Information shared with third parties and/or receiving promotional materials from Trion (via email or postal mail), you may contact us at: Trion Worlds, Attention: Privacy Officer (Opt-Out), 2400 Bridge Parkway, Redwood City, CA 94065 or by email at privacy@trionworlds.com . If you are contacting us with the intention of opting out, please indicate which publications or services you no longer wish to receive so that we may better address your needs.
CALIFORNIA DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
Your browser may allow you to set a Do Not Track (DNT) signal indicating that you do not wish your online activity to be tracked. Currently, our system does not support and cannot act on DNT signal headers that we may receive. However, the choices that we provide you concerning collection and use of your Personal Information will continue to operate as described in this Privacy Policy.
12. PRIVACY DISCLOSURE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION
For persons in the European Union (“EU”), terms such as “Personal Information” refer to “personal data” as defined by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) and applicable local laws.
Pursuant to the requirements of the GDPR, the following charts summarize (1) the categories of personal Information we collect from you and process, (2) the purpose and lawful basis for the collection and (3) Third Parties with whom we share Personal Information:
Categories of Personal Information we process:
Category of Personal Information collected
What this means
Identity Data
Your first name, last name, account ID, username or similar identifier and year of birth.
Contact Data
Your mailing address, billing address, email address and telephone numbers.
Financial Data
Transaction Data
Any details about payments to and from you and other details of subscriptions and services you have purchased from us. Data as part of your transactions with third parties.
Marketing and Communications Data
Your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
Behavioral Data
Data inferred from your activities and choices, as it relates to our Games.
Technical Data
Internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website or use our services.
Purposes for which we process Personal Information and the legal basis relied on:
Purpose
Our legal basis for this use of data
Account Registration
Identity Data
Contact Data
To register you as a new customer or allow you login to an existing account.
When registering, you agree to provide this information in order to fully access the content and features available on our Site.
Online Games
Identity Data
Technical Data
For system administration, to report aggregate information, Site tracking, security purposes or to prevent our servers from attacks.
When you login to your account, you agree to provide this information for the purpose of analyzing and optimizing your Game experience.
Process payments for purchases and/or services
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Transaction Data
To process and deliver your order, purchase and/or services, including manage payments, fees and charges.
This information is necessary so that we may provide content, Game(s), Virtual Item(s), service and/or products to you.
Sweepstakes, Contests and Surveys
Identity Data
Contact Data
To allow you to participate in some of our sweepstakes, contest, surveys or other promotions.
This information is necessary so that we may contact potential winners, for the purpose of verifying eligibility, for awarding prizes and for tax purposes.
Customer Service, Technical Support or Consumer Complaints
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Technical Data
To resolve issues related to customer service, billing questions, technical and computer support, etc.
This information is necessary so that we may look up your Account and resolve issues properly.
Fraud Prevention
Identity Data
Contact Data
Financial Data
Technical Data
To keep our website, our services and associated systems operational and secure.
We process this information to ensure the ongoing security and proper operation of our services, website and associated IT services and networks.
Troubleshooting
To track issues that might be occurring on our systems.
This information is processed so that we are able to monitor and ensure the proper operation of our Sites and associated systems and services.
Marketing
Marketing and Communications Data
To form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which services and offers may be relevant for you.
This information is processed to provide you with updates on our Sites and related offers where you have purchased or shown interest in similar services from us.
Account Linking
Identity Data
Contact Data
Technical Data
For account verification, to link your account with a Digital Distribution Service with your Trion account and/or to link your console account with your Trion account.
This information is processed to provide content, online Games, purchases and/or services through our Site and associated systems and services.
Third Parties with whom we share your Personal Information:
Recipients
Why we share it
Identity Data
Contact Data
To process and deliver your order, purchase and/or services, including manage payments, fees and charges.
Europe
Identity Data
Contact Data
This information is collected for customer service or technical support and/or customer complaints.
The United States
Identity Data
Contact Data
Technical Data
To serve and measure the effectiveness of our advertising, provide Game experiences that may be of interest to you,
Europe
Professional Advisors
Identity Data
Contact Data
We may share this information with our auditors or legal advisors in order to obtain professional advice.
United States
Authorities may require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances including in connection with criminal investigations, investigation of fraud, infringement of intellectual property rights, or other suspected illegal activities, or as otherwise may be required by applicable laws.
Europe
The United States
In EU member countries, to the extent that third party publishers and distributors (“Third Party Distributors”) are performing services related to your Account, we elect the applicable Third Party Distributor(s) as Trion’s representative in each such country with respect to the online Games for which such Third Party Distributor(s) is the distributor and the related personal data collected for such Game. All such Third Party Distributors must enter into an agreement with Trion to maintain such personal data in accordance with their privacy policy, available on their website and any applicable laws.
Note that we may be required to release the Personal Information of EU and/or Swiss individuals in response to lawful requests from public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
At any time, an individual residing in the European Union may submit a complaint with a supervisory authority, in the Member State in which the individual resides.
13. INFORMATION FOR PERSONS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES
If you are a visitor from outside the United States, your personal data may be transferred to, stored at and processed within the United States (and/or other jurisdictions outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)). Please note that the level of legal protection provided in the United States or other non-EEA countries where the Sites operate may not be as stringent as that under EEA privacy standards. We will not collect any personal data from you unless you provide it voluntarily by providing us with your freely given specific and informed consent. By using the Sites, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your personal data outside the EEA in connection with the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy.
In certain countries other than the United States, some of our online Games and the services related thereto may be provided to you by third party distribution partners. To the extent that a third party distributor is providing services related to your Account, you understand and agree that each such distributor will collect and use your Personal Information in accordance with its own privacy policies (which you will have access to when you register to play). To the extent that Trion collects or retains any of your Personal Information, its use will continue to be governed by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
14. NOTICE TO MINORS
Trion’s Sites offer online services that allow you to post content to share with others. You may remove your posted content at any time using the deletion removal options within our services. If you require assistance with deletion of your posted content or information or have additional questions, you may submit a request to Trion’s Support Center at https://support.trionworlds.com/hc/en-us . You should be aware that removal of the content or information from our service does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information posted on the online service.
After your removal request has been honored, we may retain copies of the content or information you have previously posted on our servers. We are not required to remove your posted content or information if it has been rendered anonymous or if we are required by law to retain it. Additionally, we do not have control over third parties (e.g., other users) who may have copied or reposted this information.
15. SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
Trion has made an effort to ensure that all information collected will remain secure and in its original form (i.e. free from any alteration). As such, access to all Personal Information is strictly controlled by limiting access to Personal Information to employees performing a legitimate business function. When payment information is transmitted, for example, Trion employs an industry standard security technology known as a secure-socket-layer (“SSL”) encryption. Unless otherwise specified herein or on the Site where you make a purchase, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing purposes. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to assure that third parties to whom we transfer any data will provide sufficient protection of Personal Information.
While Trion takes reasonable precautions against possible breaches of the Site and customer databases, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. Consequently, Trion cannot and does not guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, but we have in place reasonable technical and organizational security measures to protect your Personal Information against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction, or against unauthorized disclosure or access to the Personal Information we collect online. We will notify users of a data breach involving unencrypted Personal Information by email and/or by posting a notice to the affected Site(s).
Trion urges you to take steps to keep your Personal Information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place (separate from your Account information), logging out of your user Account and closing your web browser when you are finished using the Sites.
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to:
Mail: Trion Worlds, Attention: Privacy Officer, 2400 Bridge Parkway, Suite 100, Redwood City, CA 94065
Phone: 650.631.9800 (ask for the Privacy Officer)
For non-English speaking users, please see our  Terms of Use and Contractual Agreement (https://www.trionworlds.com/en/legal/terms-of-use/) for further information about how to contact Trion Worlds
Pour les utilisateurs qui ne parlent pas anglais, veuillez-vous reporter à nos Conditions Générales d’Utilisation pour en savoir plus sur comment contacter Trion.
Für den deutschsprachigen Raum stehen in unseren Nutzungsbedingungen weitere Kontaktinformationen für Trion zur Verfügung.
For Individuals in European Union member countries, you may contact our EU-based reprentative via email at hello@dpocentre.com or by phone at 0203 797 1289.
As previously mentioned, we are a licensee of ESRB’s Privacy Certified Program. If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB Privacy Certified directly at  http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.aspx  or by regular mail at 420 Lexington Ave, Suite 2024, New York, NY 10170.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 25, 2018.
