Security Research Center Policy
In today’s world we have become more and more connected to Internet services, software, and hardware devices.
We share our information with our banks, medical institutions, and employers. We share our information with smartphones, smart TVs, smart watches, and other “smart things” in our homes, which usually retain our information in the remote databases outside our control. These technologies are deeply integrated into our lives and, in many cases, we have become dependent on them, making us vulnerable when the technology fails or our information is not properly protected.
Our research
We conduct security research to locate any data exposures in the databases of various companies, organisations, and institutions.
Typically we use the Shodan search engine to locate unprotected Internet-connected devices. This search engine is publicly accessible, and allows researchers to identify devices and databases that are connected to the open Internet without any password protection or other technological barriers to safeguard the data stored in them.  We do not crack passwords or authentication processes or use any other hacking tricks.
Once we discover a publicly exposed database, we report our findings according to the following guidelines:
When appropriate, we provide details of the data exposure to the company, organisation, or institution that failed to protect itself.
We do not modify the data we found.
We allow entities time to remedy the data exposure prior to making any details available publicly that would otherwise cause further risk.
We do not transfer any data to any third parties.
Why do we do this?
Here, in the Security Research Center, we do our best to:
Help businesses build better security by identifying data leaks, and
Raise public awareness to the dangers related to data breaches and security risks in the connected world.
In case you have any comments, tips or suggestions please contact: security@kromtech.com
Effective Date: May 11, 2018
This Privacy Policy is layered. It means that this policy is designed to respond to problems with excessively long policies. A short part of policy — the top layer (static part) — provides you with the key elements of the privacy policy. The full part of policy — the bottom layer (drop-down part) — covers all the intricacies in full.
Privacy Policy
We, Kromtech Alliance Corp. (the "Company"), are aware about privacy issues that occur during the usage of products, services and websites. Therefore we strictly follow the all data protection procedures regarding the full security of your personal information. Our privacy policy applies to:
using the Company’s products and services,
visiting the http://mackeeper.com website,
visiting any other linked pages or application services offered by the Company.
By doing all of the above actions you confirm that you accept our Privacy Policy.
The following Privacy Policy covers handling of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") collected by the Company when you use our products and services.
Your California Privacy Rights
We make these disclosures to those visiting our website who reside in California which supersede and replace any conflicting disclosures found elsewhere on our website.
Opt-Out of Disclosure for Direct Marketing Purposes. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to learn the identities of entities that received their Personal Information for marketing purposes and the categories of information disclosed. You may request such information by contacting us by e-mail addressed to support@kromtech.net. Please reference California Privacy Rights in your subject line. You may also write to us at:
United Arab Emirates
ATTN: Privacy Officer.
Please be aware that this opt-out does not prohibit our disclosure of Personal Information for any purpose other than direct marketing. The information we collect and share may include your name, address, email address, and telephone number.
Automatic Gathering of Information. We collect information that you provide to us online, and through websites of unaffiliated third parties.
Automatic Gathering of Information by Third Parties. When you visit our website, third parties can collect Personally Identifiable Information about your online activities over time and across different websites pertaining to your visit to or use of our and other websites.
Do-Not-Track Requests. California residents visiting our website may request that we not automatically gather and track information pertaining to their online browsing movements across the Internet. Such requests are typically made through Web browser settings that control signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personally Identifiable Information about an individual consumer's online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. We currently do not have the ability to honor these requests. We may modify this Policy as our abilities change.
Changes to Notice. By using the Service, you consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information you provide in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Privacy Policy changes will apply to the information collected from the date we post our revised Privacy Policy, as well as to existing information we hold.
Effective May 2018
Collection and Use of Information
While you are visiting our web site or using our software, we may collect and use different types of information about you. This information is used only for fast and efficient rendering of our products and services to our customers. In addition, we may use your personal information to provide you with important information about the product or service that you are using, including critical updates and notifications.
Personal Information We Collect
Information Provided by You
You will be required to provide your Personal Information at our website or in any other way.
This information is:
Login and password;
Communication with MacKeeper support (via emails, chats or calls).
You can create a Kromtech/MacKeeper account using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you with an option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
Information Provided by You will be used only for:
Creation of account where you will be able to manage Kromtech product licenses;
Customer support CRM system;
Providing customer support and responding to customer requests.
This data enables fast and efficient rendering of our products and services to our customers. In addition, it is used for communication purposes, such as notifying you about product updates or special offers.
User information is not complemented by information from other sources.
Once you purchase our software, the information collected by our software is linked to your personal information and can be used to handle any technical, product, or customer support requests that you may send to us.
Information Collected Automatically
In addition to information you enter yourself, we may collect some information automatically for optimizing your experience when using our product and improving the product itself, including but not limited to:
Device information;
This data is used for the following purposes:
Finding out how many people visit our website and how frequently;
Learning how many people use our products and services;
Finding out which products and services are used more frequently than others;
Collecting some other statistical information.
Collecting Information from Children
Company’s website or services are not directed to children. We may not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under 16 years of age.
If you are under 16 years of age, then please do not use or access our product and services at any time or in any manner. Company reserves the right to delete this information if it learns that Personally Identifiable Information of children under the age of 16 has been collected on the services without parental consent. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 16 has obtained an account on our services, then you may contact our Customer Support at support@kromtech.net and request to delete that child’s personal information.
Information collected via MacKeeper™:
Email address;
IP address;
Information about your Mac (Mac OS version, Mac’s model and serial numbers, MAC address, overall system information);
Information about your apps (e.g. versions, size, date of last update, etc.);
Results of Find & Fix scan.
Collected information is used for:
Registration of the MacKeeper™/Kromtech account;
Proper functioning of MacKeeper™;
Supplying you with a list of recommended fixes/software updates.
In case if you want to delete your Kromtech account please contact our Customer Support .
"Camera Tracking" and "Microphone Tracking"
The Camera and Microphone Tracking feature is designed to detect the usage of camera and microphone (both built-in and external) by other applications on your device. This feature will help you detect unauthorized intrusion into your private life by unknown applications.
When you activate this feature, it will notify you that some application started to use your camera and/or microphone. You can allow your camera and microphone to be always used by applications that you believe are safe, so no notifications will be shown next time for these apps.
MacKeeper does not track and/or save any audio or video recordings, but it indicates the moment when the camera and/or microphone becomes activated by any application that is installed on your device.
“Anti-Theft Service”
Anti-Theft is one of security features of MacKeeper™. By default Anti-Theft is disabled. In case you enable Anti-Theft service it will automatically collect your computer's IP address and its geographical position every hour.
You can report your computer STOLEN or LOST on your MacKeeper account, in open Anti-Theft tab. Then it will collect IP address, track location, trace-route and make snapshots using the built-in iSight camera or any external camera every five minutes.
Automatically gathered data collected by the Anti-Theft service is completely anonymous. Therefore even if it is revealed to some third parties, this won’t affect your privacy.
“Internet Security”
MacKeeper™ Internet Security feature is powered by Avira’s antivirus engine. In case of installing our Internet Security service, which includes Real Time Safe Browsing, Automatic Security Updates and Real Time Antivirus Scan you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to Avira EULA and Privacy Policy .
Information Collected via Email:
Occasionally you will receive customer satisfaction surveys via email where you will be asked to provide us with your opinion and some additional personal information. It will be used solely by us for our internal usage to improve our products and services, overall, making your user experience better.
Information that is Collected and Provided by Third Parties:
Some of your Personal Information, such as your name, email address and other information (like the type of subscription you bought, it's price, etc.; please note that we don't collect information about your credit card number or other sensitive data), may be collected and provided to us by third parties, such as cleverbridge© . We will use your personal information collected in this way only in accordance with this Privacy Policy and cleverbridge© Privacy Policy .
We recommend you to overview cleverbridge© Privacy Policy to make sure that you agree to all conditions; otherwise, do not purchase or use our service.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. In the event you terminate relationship with Kromtech, we may retain information needed to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, protect our legal rights, and comply with technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of MacKeeper. Otherwise, we will retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to provide you services, create and improve MacKeeper, comply with the law, and to run our business. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact our Customer Support at support@kromtech.net .
Data Sharing
We may occasionally hire other companies, consultants and contractors to provide limited services on our behalf. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service.
They are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose. To ensure this, we use standard contract clauses, rely on the European Commission's adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable when transferring data to other countries. For example, we may share your non-identifiable information in the event of business transfer, if it will be required by law etc.
Sharing Your Personal Information
We may share your information (identifiable or non identifiable) in the event of:
Affiliates: In some cases we may closely cooperate with some companies and/or businesses, and may require your Personal Information for various transactions with these partners.
Agents: We may employ other companies to act as intermediate parties for us; therefore, we may share our customers’ private information with them. These agents will not use your information for purposes other than assisting us.
Business Transfers: Customer information belongs to the Company’s business assets. Therefore when the Company becomes owned by a third party as the result of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or bankruptcy, customer information is passed to this third party as well.
Protection of the Company and Others: It may be necessary − by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities and institutions to disclose your Personal Information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users.
With Your Consent: You will be informed about other possible cases of sharing your Personal Information, and will have the right to prevent this.
We do not sell, rent, or trade your Personal Information to anyone.
Tracking Technologies
Through the use of “cookies” and other technologies, we may collect data in order to, among other things, make it easier to navigate our Site and to optimize the user experience across multiple devices.
This data may include, but is not limited to the following:
The website that referred you to us;
The web pages you viewed on our site;
The advertisements you viewed and clicked on at our site;
Coupon activity including the types of coupons that you choose;
Store your browser preferences such as language and currency;
Display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit.
The amount you paid when buying our products and services. This information is anonymized, so we don't know that was exactly you or someone else, we just know the total amount that we received. We need this information to keep internal statistics.
Kromtech supports the development of a “do not track” standard. At this time our sites do not respond to DNT mechanisms. Once a standardized "Do Not Track" (DNT) feature is released, we intend to adhere to the browser settings accordingly.
Cookies
We use cookies to track your actions on our website. These small text files are stored on your hard drive and make it possible for our systems to recognize your browser. You can turn off cookies in your browser, but then you won’t have access to some essential features of our website.
Control of Your Personal Information
Kromtech respects enhanced user privacy controls. We support the development and implementation of a standard "Do Not Track" browser feature, which is being designed to provide customers with control over the collection and use of information by third parties regarding their web-browsing activities. At this time Kromtech does not respond to "Do Not Track" mechanisms. Once a standardized "Do Not Track" feature is released, Kromtech intends to adhere to the browser settings accordingly.
Except as otherwise described in this statement, personal information you provide on our website won’t be shared without your permission. To the extent we are legally permitted to do so, we will take reasonable steps to notify you in the event that we are required to provide your personal information to third parties as part of legal process.
Privacy Settings
Kromtech fully respects your privacy and will use only the minimum personal data required to improve our products or services and personalize our recommendations. You can review and manage your privacy settings by contacting our Customer Support in written via email or at your MacKeeper Account (this option will be available for all MacKeeper Customers from May 25, 2018).
For example, you can:
Update your account information;
Access data that has been collected about you by Kromtech;
Restrict processing of your personal data;
Deactivate your MacKeeper Account or delete the personal information associated with your account.
Note: In this event you will no longer have access to the services associated with your account.
Security
Security of your information is very important to us, and we do our best to secure your information. But remember that the Internet is not a secure environment, so we encourage you to be vigilant about protecting the confidentiality of your information.
We have implemented a number of security features throughout the site that are intended to help prevent the unauthorized release of or access to the user information we collect online.
As we described above, we collect different kinds of information. Specifically, it is Personally Identifiable Information and non-Personally Identifiable Information. Each kind of information has its own appropriate level of protection. For example, there is no need to protect non-Personal Information with the highest level of security.
To protect your Personal Information, we restrict access to it to Company employees, contractors and agents who need it to perform their job duties. In addition, those who have access to Personal Information are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or have their contracts terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
We protect your information by using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. Nevertheless, no one can guarantee absolute protection of your Personal Data. You must also do your part in protecting the data, systems, networks, and services that you are using.
Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy policies of other websites and services that may be linked from our website.
If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us by contacting us here .
Changes To This Policy
We will keep you up to date about any possible changes to our Privacy Policy. As soon as such changes occur, we will inform you via email and/or via our website.
Questions?
We are open to any questions on this Privacy Policy. Please address all your concerns to email .
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions, you may contact Kromtech in writing at
United Arab Emirates L1­204, The Lofts Dubai Media City Dubai
or by contacting our Support at support@mackeeper.com
© 2018 Kromtech Alliance Corp. All rights reserved.
© 2018 Kromtech Alliance Corp. All rights reserved.
