This page familiarises you of our policies concerning the aquisition,
use and revealation of personal information when you use our services.
We will not share or use your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your information for providing and improving the service.
By using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information by this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection And Use
While you'll consume our services, we may request you to provide us with some individual identification information that can be used to identify you. The information may include, name, contact details, postal code or other crucial information (Personal Information).
Log Data
Log Data is information that your browser will send to us whenever you visit our website or consume the services which we offer.
The Log Data usually comprises of your computer's internet protocol; i.e., IP address, browser details, version, the pages you access on our website, time and date of your visits and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are record files with small amount of data; it may include an anonymous unique identifier.
Cookies are sent from the websites you access, and then they're stored on your hard drive.
We Use Cookies To
1. Remember your custom preferences on the site.
2. Track and sync your most preferred settings.
3. To keep track of advertisement you like.
You can change the computer and browser setting and may ask the browser to ask you whenever a cookie is sent to the appliance.
As every browser and computer versions are different, you may refer to the help section for them to access these settings.
Service  Providers
We may use third party companies and people to ease the services we provide, to provide the services on our behalf, to perform service-related operations or to assist us in inspecting how our services get consumed.
These third party companies and individuals may get access to your information on our behalf to carry out these tasks, and they're obligated not to disclose or use it for another purpose.
Security
We respect your online rights and understand that your individual information must not be compromised in any situation, but remember that any transmission of information over the internet is not 100% secured. While we use all our resources to keep that information acquired, but we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Link To Other Sites
Our platform may include links to other sites that are not operated and controlled by us. Hence, we humbly request you to review Privacy Policies of all the sites that you visit.
Children's Privacy
Our services do not aim to target anyone who is under the age of 13 (Children). We never collect information from children who're under 13.
If you're a guardian/parent who discovers that your kids have provided us with their information, please contact us through the address mentioned below, and we will delete such information from our servers with immediate effect.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
We may renew our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will inform you of any revisions by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page only.
You are recommended to study this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are valid when they are shared here.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.
Mail: support@wittyfeed.com
