This site uses cookies. In order to continually improve this site, we remember and store information about how you use it. Find out more.
Privacy policy
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy explains how we ensure information about you is kept confidential. Please read it carefully, as by using the International Study Center website pages, or our services, you will be deemed to have read and accepted its terms.
The information we collect
personal information, voluntarily given by you when you submit information through one of our contact forms
anonymous aggregate information (in the form of server log files) from which an individual can not be identified.
We will let you have a copy of all personal information that we have about you should you request it. A small administration fee may be charged per request.
How we use your personal information
We use your contact details to communicate with you and to make decisions about the best services for you. We may also inform you of new offers, products, and services which may be of interest to you.
How we do not use your personal information
We will not disclose information obtained from you to third parties unless required to do so by law or any other governmental body. We will never sell your email address or other details without your permission, and all communications from us will contain a clear "unsubscribe" option.
Server log files
Study Group identifies and logs your IP address automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. We use the IP addresses of all visitors to calculate site usage levels and to administer the site. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is carried out automatically by many websites.
Cookies
Study Group uses cookies to recognize users who have previously visited our web sites, or who have arrived at our web sites from certain sources such as emails and web adverts. These cookies are used to assist us in providing a more tailored service to our customers, but they do not contain any personal information.
Security
Keeping information about you secure is very important to us. Study Group will take precautions to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of your personal information under our control. Only authorized employees will be given access to the information you provide to us.
However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be totally secure, so any information that you send to us is at your own risk. If you have any further questions relating to this Privacy Policy or how we use the personal information we have about you, please contact us.
Maintained by
