Give us a call
Privacy Policy
Welcome to MedtronicDiabetes.com, which is owned and operated by Medtronic MiniMed, Inc. ("Medtronic Diabetes"). Privacy is very important to us. We also understand that privacy is very important to you. This Privacy Policy tells you how we protect and use information that we gather through this web site based in the U.S. Medtronic, Inc. (parent company of Medtronic Diabetes) and some of its affiliates (including our international affiliates), also operate other web sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the other Medtronic or Medtronic Diabetes web sites. You should review the privacy policy posted on those other web sites when you visit them. This web site and this Privacy Policy are subject to applicable U.S. federal and state laws and regulations.
This Privacy Policy was last revised on the date listed below in the "Changes to Privacy Policy" paragraph. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy each time you visit the web site. Please note that any health information obtained through other means (separate from this web site), is governed by our Notice of Privacy Practices .
By using this web site, you agree to the terms of the most recent version of this Privacy Policy. Please read our Terms of Use to understand the general rules about your use of this web site. Except as written in any other disclaimers, policies, terms of use, or other notices on this web site, this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use are the complete agreement between you and Medtronic Diabetes with respect to your use of this web site. You may be subject to additional terms that may apply when you access particular services or materials on certain areas in this web site, or by following a link from this web site.
Introduction
The information we receive, and how we use it, depends on what you do when visiting our web site. We collect and use your non-personal information (information that is not identifiable to you personally) differently than your personal information.
What is Non-Personal Information?
Non-personal information is information we collect through this web site that does not identify you as an individual person. It may include information such as the following:
The type of web browser software you use (for example, Netscape Navigator, Mozilla Firefox, or Internet Explorer)
The name of the domain from which you access the Internet
The Internet address of the web site from which you linked directly to our web site
The date and time you access our web site
Which pages you have visited on our web site
The search terms you use
The links on which you click
Personal information that has been made non-personal or anonymous (i.e., information that no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user)
If you visit our web site to read or download information, such as information about a health condition or about one of our products, we may collect certain non-personal information about you from your computer. This information is collected from your computer's web browser. If you only read or download information on our web site, we do not collect or learn your name, e-mail address, home address, or other personal information about you. We may place a text file called a cookie in the browser files of your computer when you visit. The cookie may be stored on your computer's hard drive. The information that we collect using cookies is non-personal information. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our web site may not work properly for you if you do so. We will not allow third parties other than those companies that we hire to perform services or functions on our behalf to place cookies on or though our web site.
What Does Medtronic Diabetes Do with Non-Personal Information?
Because non-personal information cannot identify you or be tied to you in any way, there are no restrictions on the ways that we can use or share non-personal information. We are always looking for ways to better serve you and improve this web site. We will use non-personal information from you to help us make this web site more useful to visitors. We also will use non-personal information for other business purposes. For example, we may use non-personal information or aggregate non-personal information to:
Create reports for internal use to develop programs, products, services or content
Customize the information or services that are of interest to you
Share it with or sell it to third parties
Provide aggregated information on how visitors use our site, such as "traffic statistics" and "response rates," to third parties
What is Personal Information?
Personal information is information we collect through this web site that we can use to specifically identify you, such as your:
Name, date of birth
Home address, telephone number
Personal health information
In some places on this web site you have the opportunity to send us personal information about yourself, to elect to receive particular information, or to participate in an activity. For example, you may fill out a registration form, a survey, or an e-mail form and you may elect to receive educational material about our products and therapies.
You also may choose to allow us to personalize your visits to the web site, in which case we will ask you for certain personal information to make your visits to our web site more helpful to you. When this information is combined with the non-personal information that we collect through cookies (described above), we will be able to tell that you have visited our web site before and can personalize your access to our web site, for example, by telling you about new features that may be of interest to you.
How Does Medtronic Diabetes Keep and Use Personal Information?
We may keep and use personal information we collect from you through this web site to provide you with access to this web site. In addition, we may keep and use your personal information:
To respond to your requests
To personalize your access to our web site, for example, by telling you about new features that may be of interest to you
To develop records, including records of your personal information
To contact you with information that might be of interest to you, including information about clinical trials and about products and services of ours and of others
To remove your personal identifiers (your name, e-mail address, social security number, etc). In this case, you would no longer be identified as a single unique individual. Once we have de-identified information, it is non-personal information and we may treat it like other non-personal information
To enforce this Privacy Policy and other rules about your use of this web site
To protect our rights or property
To protect someone's health, safety or welfare
To comply with a law or regulation, court order or other legal process
Does Medtronic Diabetes Ever Share Personal Information with Third Parties?
Medtronic Diabetes will not share your personal information collected from this web site with an unrelated third party without your permission, except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy.
In the ordinary course of business, we will share some personal information with companies that we hire to perform services or functions on our behalf. For example, we may use different vendors or suppliers to ship you products that you order on our web site. In these cases, we provide the vendor with information to process your order such as your name and mailing address. In all cases in which we share your personal information with a third party, we will not authorize them to keep, disclose or use your information with others except for the purpose of providing the services we asked them to provide. We will not sell, exchange or publish your personal information, except in conjunction with a corporate sale, merger, dissolution, or acquisition.
We may be legally compelled to release your personal information in response to a court order, subpoena, search warrant, law or regulation. We may cooperate with law enforcement authorities in investigating and prosecuting web site visitors who violate our rules or engage in behavior which is harmful to other visitors (or illegal).
We may disclose your personal information to third parties if we feel that the disclosure is necessary to:
To enforce this Privacy Policy and other rules about your use of this web site
To protect our rights or property
To protect someone's health, safety or welfare
To comply with a law or regulation, court order or other legal process
Please Note
In addition to the ways that we may keep, disclose, and use information described in this Privacy Policy, we also may keep, disclose, and use personally identifiable information that you give us through this web site in ways that we believe are consistent with FDA and other governmental guidance, directions, regulations, and laws.
California "Do Not Track" disclosures. California law (CalOPPA) requires Medtronic, Inc. to let you know how we respond to web browser "Do Not Track (DNT) signals". Because there currently is not an industry or legal standard for recognizing or honoring DNT signals, we do not honor Do Not Track requests at this time.
What About Privacy on Other Web Sites?
This web site may contain links to other web sites. Some of those web sites may be operated by Medtronic Diabetes, and some may be operated by third parties. We provide the links for your convenience, but we do not review, control, or monitor the privacy practices of web sites operated by others. This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other web site, even the other Medtronic Diabetes web sites. We are not responsible for the performance of web sites operated by third parties or for your business dealings with them. Therefore, whenever you leave this web site we recommend that you review each web site's privacy practices and make your own conclusions regarding the adequacy of these practices.
Does Medtronic Diabetes Ever Communicate Directly with Visitors to This Web Site?
We may contact you periodically by e-mail, mail or telephone if you agree to that contact to provide information regarding programs, products, services and content that may be of interest to you. In addition, some of the features on this web site allow you to communicate with us using an online form. If your communication requests a response from us, we will send you a response via e-mail. The e-mail response or confirmation may include your personal information, including personal information about your health, your name, address, etc. We cannot guarantee that our e-mails to you will be secure from unauthorized interception.
Are There Special Rules About Children's Privacy?
Some sections of this web site may be designed specifically for use by children under the age of 18. Contact information such as their name and e-mail address, and demographic information such as their ZIP code or age may be requested in those sections. In such cases, children will be notified that they should obtain permission from their parents before providing such information. This web site does not disclose personally identifiable information about users under 18, whether or not an approval is obtained.
What About Web Site Security?
Security is very important to us. We also understand that security is important to you. We take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail.
How to Contact Medtronic Diabetes
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this Privacy Policy or the information practices of this site, please contact us as follows:
Medtronic
ATTN: Tae Lee, Privacy Official
If you no longer choose to receive communication from Medtronic you may revoke this permission at any time by e-mailing takecontrol@medtronic.com or by sending a request in writing to:
Medtronic
Changes to Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last updated on October 9, 2014. If this Privacy Policy is revised, the most current policy will be posted on this site. Please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information.
#1 PRESCRIBED PUMP BRAND
dQ&A. (2015) dQ&A Patient Panel, Q1 2015, Summary Report. May 2015.
Get In Touch
