Privacy Policy
Eargo Hearing, Inc. (“Eargo,” “we,” “us”), is committed to respecting the privacy rights of the users, customers and visitors of the web site located at https://eargo.com , the related services and products and the mobile applications (if any) provided by Eargo (“Service”). This document will outline how Eargo gathers and utilizes various sources of information obtained during your visit to and use of the Service. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected from your use of the Service. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THE PRACTICES AND POLICIES OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO OUR TRACKING, COLLECTION, USE, AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU CANNOT USE THE SERVICE. IF YOU USE THE SERVICE ON BEHALF OF SOMEONE ELSE OR AN ENTITY, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AUTHORIZED BY SUCH INDIVIDUAL OR ENTITY TO ACCEPT THIS PRIVACY POLICY ON SUCH INDIVIDUAL'S OR ENTITY'S BEHALF.
Personal and Non-Personal Information
When using the Service, you may be required to voluntarily provide certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”) either on https://eargo.com or to our representatives over the phone. Personal Information required to access some of our services such as to subscribe to our e-newsletter include your email address. Personal Information required to complete an order for an Eargo® hearing aid device (“Device”) or a trial Device and related products and services include your full name, email address, billing address, shipping address telephone number, credit/debit card information or bank account information and your audiogram (if customization is required).
Eargo may also collect any information you provide on your experience with the Device or other related products or services (“Testimonial”). You agree that all Testimonials provided by you shall be governed by the terms set forth in the Eargo Terms of Service.
Eargo may also collect your Personal Information when you choose to provide it to Eargo.  For example, you may send Personal Information in an email, or through a contact request form or submission form on the Service.
We also may automatically collect certain data when you use the Service, such as (1) IP address; (2) domain server; (3) type of device(s) used to access the Service; (4) web browser(s) used to access the Service; (5) referring webpage or other source through which you accessed the Service; (6) geolocation information; and (7) other statistics and information associated with the interaction between your browser or device and the Service. We may also aggregate any information collected, including demographic information collected from our users in a manner which does not identify any individual ("Aggregate Information"). Information obtained in connection with the Service may be intermingled with and used by us in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than the Service, including both offline and online sources. Additionally, we may collect usage data from your Device (for example, the settings on your Device, how often it was worn, etc.) and we will also collect the serial number of your Device.
Information Usage
We may use your information, including Personal Information to provide certain services to you including:
Provide you with the products, services and information you request or have expressed interest in;
Contact you with information, offers and promotions about our products and services;
Send you our newsletter;
Provide, maintain, administer or expand the Service or for other internal purposes to support, improve or enhance our business, the Service and the products and services we offer;
Customize and tailor your experience of the Service;
Obtain your feedback regarding the Service (including the Device);
Use statistical information that we collect in any way permitted by law, including from third parties in connection with their commercial and marketing efforts; and
Prevent, detect and investigate security breaches and potentially illegal or prohibited activities.
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties or mass marketers for their independent use. We may, however, use your Personal Information to match it with other public and private data sources in order to enhance our records, such as appending addition information to your profile, or the records of our business partners.  We also may work with other providers who also possess your information in connection with their services, such as sharing your personal information with a third party who also has your personal information in order to enhance one or both of our services provided to you.
Unless you consent to the disclosure of your Personal Information, only we and our affiliates, our technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our Service available, enhance its functionality, or provide associated services (such as coordinating orders and delivery of our products and services) have access to this information, and we require them to agree that they are covered by this Policy.
Please note that Eargo reserves the right to and may disclose Personal Information about you in connection with (a) requests from local, state or federal law enforcement officials; (b) any judicial, administrative or similar proceeding or order, such as subpoena; (c) a petition in bankruptcy or proceedings in bankruptcy, or if any court assumes jurisdiction of it and its assets pursuant to proceedings under any bankruptcy or reorganization act, or a receiver is appointed of Eargo Hearing, Inc’s assets or Eargo makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors. (d) if required by law; or (e) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment, physical threats, or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Service rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper.  Please also note that we do reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information and other information to our successors in business and purchasers of site assets.
We may use Aggregate Information for any and all purposes as we deem fit, including to improve your experience on the Service and for our research activities.  For example, we may share Aggregate Information with unaffiliated third parties, such as business partners.
Protection for Children
The Service is not intended for use by children (i.e., individuals under the age of 18) and children are prohibited from using the Service. We do not knowingly collect any information from children, nor is the Service directed to children. Any information that you provide us while using the Service on behalf of your minor child will be treated as Personal Information as otherwise provided herein. Where appropriate, we take reasonable measures to inform children not to submit such information to our site or in response to advertisements.  If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our Service may contain links (or other information) to other web sites and services. Other web sites may also reference or link to our Service.  We may also offer contests, sweepstakes and other promotions in association with third parties. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Service to read the privacy policies of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  We do not endorse, screen or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other web sites.  Visiting these other web sites is at your own risk.
Cookies, Web Beacons
"Cookies" are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that web site. Many web sites use cookies for these purposes.  We use Cookies, clear gifs, web beacons or similar devices (including session Cookies, i.e., Cookies that will persist only until you end your session on the Service, and persistent Cookies, i.e., Cookies that persist even after you end your session on the Service) to help us improve the Service by tracking your navigation habits, collect Aggregate Information customizing your experience with the Service and for analytics and fraud prevention. Some of our business partners, including but not limited to Google Analytics, Optimizely and Facebook, use Cookies (or clear gifs, web beacons or similar devices) to enhance or improve the user experience and Service and/or show Eargo ads on other websites and services based on information collected about your use of the Service and based on your particular interests (as inferred from your online activity). This type of advertising is commonly known as interest-based or online behavioral advertising.
We use your browsing history and personal information to display interest-based advertising that is relevant to you. We place interest-based advertisements on our website as well as other third-party sites. The browsing history we use is collected by us and by third parties on our website, as well as other sites. We may also share your anonymous browsing history from our website and personal information with third parties to provide relevant ads. They may combine this information with assumptions based on the other websites you have visited in order to tailor ads to you.
You can opt out of interest-based advertising from third party providers who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising at www.aboutads.info/choices .
Cookies may collect information when you use the Service, such as the computer’s IP address, mobile device ID, type of operating system, type of internet browsing software, web pages viewed and when, the geographic location of your internet service provider, the website address, if any, from which you linked to the Eargo site, and the website address to which, if any, you travel from the Eargo site, your home page customization preferences,  and demographic information, such as gender and age range. Third party Cookies generally do not collect Personal Information unless you voluntarily provide it and generally do not track your browsing habits across websites which do not use their services. These third-party Cookies help Eargo learn more about our users’ demographics and internet behaviors. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. If you do so, you may still use our Service, but it may interfere with some of its functionality.
Clickstream
As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a web site's server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Service.  We may collect and use clickstream data as a form of Aggregate Information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Service, how visitors navigate throughout the Service and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors.  This information will be used to improve our Service and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not intentionally contain any Personal Information.
Security
Eargo will not be liable for disclosures of your Personal Information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.  We have undertaken commercially reasonable efforts to prevent unauthorized Internet access to visitor data retained in our internal servers. We also store Personal Information in certain third party external databases (such as the Salesforce CRM system) that we reasonably believe comply with generally accepted industry standards to protect Personal Information. When we request that you enter sensitive information (such as your bank account and routing number, your SSN), we encrypt such information using a Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) standard.  Additionally, we use the DigiCert SSL standard to verify the secure nature of our website to users’ browsers.
Despite the measures we take to protect your Personal Information, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, Eargo cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or any information provided online, and you do so at your own risk.  You must accept all risks associated with any data transmission, including the risk that your Personal Information may be intercepted in transit.
We retain non-personally identifiable information collected via our Service for as long as we have a business reason to do so.  After that time, we aggregate the data and retain it for analytical purposes. We retain your Personal Information for as long as your Service participation is active (as determined by us) and for a reasonable time thereafter (in the event that you choose to engage with us again).  We also may retain your Personal Information for a longer period of time as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your Personal Information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate, anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize and aggregate your personal information.
Policy Review and Modifications
We review this Privacy Policy at reasonable intervals to ensure we remain consistent with the terms set forth herein. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time.  However, if at any time in the future we plan to use Personal Information in a way that materially differs from this Policy, we will post such changes here. Your continued use of the Service following the posting of any changes to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of any such changes.
Opt-Out
We give you the option to access (through an email sent by us), update or remove your Personal Information from any lists that we maintain of users. All unsubscribe or opt-out requests should be sent to us at communications@eargo.com or may be made by calling 1-800-613-2746 between 10 am to 5 pm, Monday to Friday and speaking with one of our representatives, and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. Please note, however, that if you have purchased an Eargo Device from us, we may require your Personal Information to provide you with important updates and upgrades as well as to contact you in the event of an emergency. We are therefore not able to remove your Personal Information from our system. We are also not responsible for removing your Personal Information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided your information in accordance with this Policy.
Service Terms of Service
Use of this Service is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices contained at https://www.eargo.com/misc/terms-of-use .Your use, or access, of the Service constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS OF SERVICE YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SERVICE.
Comments and Questions
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, you may contact us at the following address: Eargo Hearing, Inc. Customer Care 295 North Bernardo Avenue Suite 100 Mountain View, CA 94043 Attn:  Privacy Policy
United States of America
Our Service is maintained in the United States of America.  By using the Service, you authorize the export of Personal Information to the USA and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Policy.
Effective Date: This Privacy Policy is effective and was last updated on May 4, 2015.
SUBSCRIBE
We don't send spam & you can unsubscribe easily at any time.
*For mild to moderate hearing loss. Will not restore normal hearing. Full benefit best obtained with frequent use. CLICK HERE for more information and labeling about Eargo.
†Based on an average hearing aid cost of $2,347 per device (2015) SOURCE
**Your terms may vary and are subject to credit approval. This example payment is the amount of equal           monthly payments on a loan to finance the purchase based on the listed product price of $1,950 assuming a           24-month term and a 9.99% APR. 0% APR available on 12-month financing. Rates range from 0% to 29.99% APR,           resulting in, for example, 12 equal monthly payments of $83.33 at 0% APR or 24 equal monthly payments of           $45.22 to $55.91 at 7.99% to 29.99% APR, per $1,000 borrowed. Bread® loans are made by Cross River Bank,           a New Jersey Chartered Bank, Member FDIC.
Copyright © 2018 Eargo Inc. All rights reserved.
