Family Fresh Meals (www.familyfreshmeals.com) (“Website”) is governed by the following Privacy Policy.
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website.
WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED?
Information You Voluntarily Submit to the Website: We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form. In addition, we may ask you to create a user profile, which would allow you to create a username and password. We will store the username, but your password will not be visible in our records.
Information We Collect from Others: We may receive information about you from other sources. For example, if you use a third-party software through the site, they may transfer information to us for fulfillment.
Automatically-Collected Information: We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.
Cookies: We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED
We may use the information collected in the following ways:
– To operate and maintain the Website;
– To create your account, identify you as a user of the Website, and customize the Website for your account;
– To send you promotional information, such as newsletters. Each email promotion will provide information on how to opt-out of future mailings;
– To send you administrative communications, such as administrative emails, confirmation emails, technical notices, updates on policies, or security alerts;
– To respond to your comments or inquiries;
– To provide you with user support;
– To track and measure advertising on the Website;
– To process payment for purchases you make through the Website; or,
– To protect, investigate, and deter against unauthorized or illegal activity.
THIRD-PARTY USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share your information with third parties when you explicitly authorize us to share your information.
Additionally, the Website may use third-party service providers service various aspects of the Website. Each third-party service provider’s use of your personal information is dictated by their respective privacy policies. The Website currently uses the following third-party service providers:
Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
Payment Processing – this service is used to serve our ecommerce platform. At no time is your banking information passed to the Website. We receive only information used for order fulfillment.
Mail Chimp– this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications.
PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may collect personally identifiable information from users in a variety of ways in connection withactivities, services, features, or resources we make available on this site including, but not limited to, email newsletters, and contests/giveawayslected from users only if they submit such information voluntarily. Certain features and services may offer the user the ability to opt-in to services provided by third-party websites. It is the user’s responsibility to review the policies of any third-party websites before opting-in to their services. This privacy policy does not cover the use of information collected by these third-party websites. Users can always refuse to supply personally identifiable information with the knowledge that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site activities or features.
At this time, your personal information is not shared with any other third-party applications. This list may be amended from time to time in the Website’s sole discretion.
Except when required by law, we will not sell, distribute, or reveal your email addresses or other personal information without your consent; however, we may disclose or transfer personal information collected through the Website to third parties who acquire all or a portion of our business, which may be the result of a merger, consolidation, or purchase of all or a portion of our assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
ANONYMOUS DATA
From time to time, we may use anonymous data, which does not identify you alone, or when combined with data from other parties. This type of anonymous data may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Examples of this anonymous data may include analytics or information collected from cookies.
PUBLICLY VISIBLE INFORMATION
If you create a user profile on the Website or leave a comment, certain information may be publicly visible.
COOKIES
The Website uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Website content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Cookies may also be used by third-party services, such as Google Analytics, as described herein. Users may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies, by the Website, by using a corresponding setting of your internet browser and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. However, if users deactivate the setting of cookies in your Internet browser, not all functions of our Website may be entirely usable.
ADVERTISING
Display Ads : We may use third-party advertising companies to serve content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use cookies. No personally identifiable information is shared with the Website’s ad providers.
Advertising Privacy Statement
This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC (“AdThrive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site.  AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.
A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.
By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting:  https://adssettings.google.com . You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at:  http://optout.networkadvertising.org . However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.
For European Economic Area Residents
If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing.  If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact AdThrive at  info@adthrive.com . If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences icon. (Available in the EU.)
Retargeting Ads: From time to time, the Website may engage in remarketing efforts with third-party companies, such as Google, Facebook, or Instagram, in order to market the Website. These companies use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Website.
Sponsored Content Tracking Pixels : This Website may engage in sponsored campaigns with various influencer networks, brands, and agencies. All sponsored content is duly disclosed in accordance with the FTC’s requirements. From time to time, these sponsored campaigns utilize tracking pixels (aka web beacons), which may contain cookies to collect data regarding usage and audience. This information is collected by the sponsoring company to track the results of the campaign. No personally identifiable information collected by the Website is used in conjunction with these tracking pixels.
Newsletters:
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
Affiliate Program Participation:
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link for an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
Family Fresh Meals is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com. As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
Newsletters On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
FOR RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION:
RIGHTS RELATED TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Opt-out – You may opt-out of future email communications by following the unsubscribe links in our emails. You may also notify us at info@familyfreshmeals.com to be removed from our mailing list.
Access – You may access the personal information we have about you by submitting a request to info@familyfreshmeals.com
Amend – You may contact us at info@familyfreshmeals.com to amend or update your personal information.
Forget – In certain situations, you may request that we erase or forget your personal data. To do so, please submit a request to info@familyfreshmeals.com.
Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes or to complete transactions, or when required by law.
SENSITIVE PERSONAL INFORMATION
At no time should you submit sensitive personal information to the Website. This includes your social security number, information regarding race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, health information, criminal background, or trade union memberships. If you elect to submit such information to us, it will be subject to this Privacy Policy.
CHILDREN’S INFORMATION
The Website does not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian believes that the Website has personally identifiable information of a child under the age of 16 in its database, please contact us immediately at info@familyfreshmeals.com and we will use our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
CONTACT INFORMATION
 
Your acceptance of these terms
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE LANGUAGE
The following terms and conditions of use (“Terms and Conditions of Use”) apply to your use of familyfreshmeals.com (the “Web Site”)
OWNER AND OPERATOR
Family Fresh Meals is the owner and operator of this Web Site.
AGREEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF CONDITIONS
By accessing, visiting, browsing, shopping on or otherwise using this Web Site, you agree to be bound by and accept the Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy (posted separately), and all disclaimers, terms and conditions that appear elsewhere on the Web Site. If you do not agree to the Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy, and all other disclaimers, terms and conditions that appear in this Web Site, then you should not use and/or immediately discontinue your use of this Web Site.
LICENSING
Recipes, videos, photographs and text on the Web Site are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-No Derivative Works 3.0 United States License.
ATTRIBUTION
Any use of the recipes, videos, photographs, text and/or any information on the Web Site requires attribution. You must attribute the work by placing a link on your web site which refers back to the original posting on the Web Site. In doing so, however, you may not suggest that I endorse you or your use of my work.
SUBMITTED CONTENT 
Family Fresh Meals reserves the right to review and edit content (text and photos, as well as Personal Information as noted on the submission forms) submitted by site users. By submitting content, you are giving Family Fresh Meals permission to display this content to the public. All submitted content (text and photos, as well as Personal Information as noted on the submission forms) must be the product of the person or group submitting the photo and must be public domain (not copyrighted).
COPYRIGHT
No part of this work may be copied, reproduced, or translated in any form or medium without the prior written consent of Family Fresh Meals. Although all content on our site is public information, Family Fresh Meals maintains and will defend a copyright interest in these pages. No portion of this work may be used, copy or sold, either by itself or as part of a larger work, without the express written permission of Family Fresh Meals.
To obtain permission all requests should be put in writing to:
corey@familyfreshmeals.com
For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of my work. The best way to do this is with a link back to this web page.
NO DERIVATIVE WORKS
Except as expressly authorized or licensed, you may not copy, modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, lease or rental of, create derivative works from or in any way exploit any of the content of the Web Site, in whole or in part.
SECURITY
Users of this Web Site are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of this Web Site, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) using this Web Site for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of the Web Site; (c) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (d) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation via means of submitting a virus to the Web Site, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing” or “crashing;”; (f) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting; or (g) forging communications on behalf of this Web Site (impersonating this Web Site) or to this Web Site (impersonating as a legitimate user). Sending unsolicited and unauthorized e-mail on behalf of Family Fresh Meals, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, is expressly prohibited. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine or data to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of this Web Site or any activity being conducted on this Web Site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, data or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search this Web Site other than the search engine and search agents provided by Family Fresh Meals or generally publicly available browsers.
POSTED CONTENT
Certain features on this Web Site currently or in the future may allow you to post reviews, comments, photographs, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information (collectively, “Posted Content”). You may supply Posted Content to this Web Site so long as the Posted Content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of Posted Content. Family Fresh Meals reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit any Posted Content, but does not regularly review Posted Content.
Family Fresh Meals has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Family Fresh Meals takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party.
TERMINATION
Family Fresh Meals may, in its sole discretion, terminate your use of this Web Site at any time. You are personally liable for any orders that you place or charges that you incur prior to termination. Family Fresh Meals reserves the right to change, suspend or discontinue all or any aspects of this Web Site, its Content and/or the products, services and other offers set forth in this Web Site at any time without prior notice.
SITE POLICIES
Please review our other policies, such as our Privacy Policy, posted on this Web Site. These policies also govern your visit to this Web Site.
We reserve the right to make changes to this Web Site, these Terms and Conditions of Use, the Privacy Policy, and other site policies at any time. Each time you use this Web Site, you should visit and review the then current Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy and other site policies that apply to your use of this Web Site and any transactions made while on this Web Site.
If any term, clause or provision of these Terms and Conditions of Use shall be determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be void, invalid or unenforceable under applicable law or for any other reason, then only that term, clause or provision as is determined to be void, invalid or unenforceable shall be stricken from these Terms and Conditions of Use or modified to make it no longer void, invalid or unenforceable. Further, such void, invalid or unenforceable term, clause or provision shall not affect the enforceability of the other terms, clauses or provisions of these Terms and Conditions of Use, and these Terms and Conditions of Use shall remain in full force and effect in all other respects.
DISCLAIMERS OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY
This Web Site and its content are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE” basis, and this Web Site, its content, its software, the servers and/or networks on which the Web Site resides, any electronic communications sent by Family Fresh Meals to you and/or any other electronic files available at this Web Site may contain bugs, worms, viruses, errors, problems, harmful components or other limitations. All responsibility and/or liability for any damages caused by your use of this Web Site, including without limitation by bugs, worms, viruses, errors, problems, harmful components or other limitations, are disclaimed. You understand and agree that your use of this Web Site and any material downloaded, obtained or otherwise accessed through the use of this Web Site is done at your own discretion and your own risk, and that you are solely responsible for any and all damage to your computer system or loss of data that may result from using this Web Site and/or downloading of any such material. You further agree that if you are dissatisfied in any manner with this Web Site or your use of this Web Site, then your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue your use of this Web Site.
The Disclaimer of warranties and limitation of damages set forth herein are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between Family Fresh Meals and you. By using this Web Site, you acknowledge and agree that Family Fresh Meals has an interest in limiting the liability of itself. You further agree that you will not bring any claim against Family Fresh Meals with respect to any damages or losses you suffer in connection with this Web Site and that the limitations of warranties, liability and damages set forth herein will protect Family Fresh Meals.
By using this Web Site, you acknowledge and agree that the exclusions and limitations of warranties, liability and damages set forth herein are reasonable. If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use and/or immediately discontinue your use of this Web Site.
TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, FAMILY FRESH MEALS ALL WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NO ORAL ADVICE OR WRITTEN INFORMATION GIVEN BY FAMILY FRESH MEALS SHALL CREATE A WARRANTY.
                                           
Categories
Categories
Howdy! I'm Corey, and I'm so happy you're here! This blog is full of my love of food, photography, family & friends. Have fun looking around! I hope you find a couple yummy recipes to try.  Read more about the family here...
Join the family!
Subscribe to get the latest recipes delivered straight to your inbox!
ENTER YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS
