Our privacy policy.
Contact Us
Like most website operators, United Insurance Agency collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. United Insurance Agency’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how United Insurance Agency’s visitors use its website. From time to time, United Insurance Agency may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
United Insurance Agency also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. United Insurance Agency does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to United Insurance Agency’s websites choose to interact with United Insurance Agency in ways that require United Insurance Agency to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that United Insurance Agency gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at this website to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with United Insurance Agency are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, United Insurance Agency collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with United Insurance Agency United Insurance Agency does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Use of Personal Data
United Insurance Agency may collect aggregated statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, United Insurance Agency may monitor the most popular website account on this site. United Insurance Agency may display this information publicly or provide it to others. United Insurance Agency does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
United Insurance Agency discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on United Insurance Agency’s behalf or to provide services available at United Insurance Agency’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using United Insurance Agency’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. United Insurance Agency will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, United Insurance Agency discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when United Insurance Agency believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of United Insurance Agency, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an United Insurance Agency website and have supplied your email address, United Insurance Agency may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with United Insurance Agency and our products. We expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. United Insurance Agency takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. United Insurance Agency uses cookies to help United Insurance Agency identify and track visitors, their usage of United Insurance Agency website, and their website access preferences. United Insurance Agency visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using United Insurance Agency’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of United Insurance Agency’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, United Insurance Agency may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in United Insurance Agency’s sole discretion. United Insurance Agency encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy is available under a Creative Commons Share-alike license.
The Latest Articles
About United Insurance Agency
We’re an independent insurance agency offering a comprehensive suite of insurance solutions to protect you from the unexpected.
We don’t just sell insurance. We work closely with clients to help them make important and informed decisions every day when it comes to protection and their future.
We offer comprehensive insurance solutions in the Greater Cincinnati area and throughout Ohio, Indiana and Kentucky.
Contact Us
Cincinnati, Ohio 45242
F3-AA-Name-2
This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
