Over 55? Calculate Your Pension Income Options
Age Partnership are one of the leading UK specialists in pension release.
Home » FinanceNet.org | Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at webmaster@financenet.org
At www.financenet.org, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.financenet.org and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.financenet.org makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.financenet.org does not use cookies.
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Link
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.financenet.org send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalise the advertising content that you see.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy .
www.financenet.org has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.financenet.org’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
Web Forms
Any information you provide via a form on www.financenet.org is used solely to provide you with the service you have requested and is sent directly to our partners in the respective areas of finance. None of the information will be sold or shared with any other party.
