Information Collection
When you visit ALLDATA.COM (“ALLDATA”), you can surf the site anonymously and access important information about ALLDATA’s products without revealing your identity. At times, particularly when you order products, download software, or enter contests from the ALLDATA web site, ALLDATA may ask you to provide certain information about yourself by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to participate in these programs. If you elect to participate in these programs, however, ALLDATA may require that you provide your contact information, which may include your name, mailing address, e-mail address or other personally identifying information. When you make purchases through our site, we may also collect your credit card information and billing address when you provide us with such information.
When you submit personal information to ALLDATA, you understand and agree that ALLDATA and its affiliates may access, store, and use your customer profile in any of the countries in which ALLDATA and its affiliates maintain offices, including without limitation the United States. We collect this information for a variety of reasons, including ALLDATA’s effort to inform you of product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services from ALLDATA. ALLDATA recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of the information you choose to provide. If you are an ALLDATA customer, you understand and agree that you will receive email notifications, promotional messaging, newsletters and other information from ALLDATA.
Information Use
When you submit personal information to ALLDATA, you understand and agree that ALLDATA and its affiliates may access, store, and use your customer profile in any of the countries in which ALLDATA and its affiliates maintain offices, including without limitation the United States. We collect this information for a variety of reasons, including ALLDATA’s effort to inform you of product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services from ALLDATA. ALLDATA recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of the information you choose to provide. If you are an ALLDATA customer, you understand and agree that you will receive email notifications, promotional messaging, newsletters and other information from ALLDATA.
Cookies
The Web Site may use third party products and services to gather traffic statistics using cookies and web beacons. A cookie is a small piece of information stored with your browser that helps web sites and multiple servers recognize your browser or device. ALLDATA and its third party service providers may also use technology including pixels and transparent GIF files for purposes including web site management and customization.
Your Choices
Contact Us
 
March 1, 2012
 
 
Introduction
ALLDATA LLC (“ALLDATA”) makes available information, materials, and products on this Web site, subject to the following terms and conditions. By accessing this site, you agree to the terms and conditions as outlined in this legal notice. ALLDATA reserves the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time at its sole discretion.
Copyright; Limited License
The information on this Web site is protected by copyright:
© 1996–2011 ALLDATA LLC All rights reserved.
