HealthyWay Cookie Policy
To find the information you need quickly and easily, please use the menu below:
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a small text file containing information, which is placed on your hard drive when you visit a site. It is generated by the website’s server, and the information the cookie contains can be used by that same server whenever the user re-visits the site. A cookie is almost like your identification card, telling a website when the same user has returned.
What Is The Reason For Cookies?
Cookies generally make websites faster and easier for individual users. They can be used to tailor the website’s content to your preferences/needs, speed up the use of the site or, alternatively, are necessary for it to function correctly (for example: Remembering to keep you logged into the site whilst you browse or for remembering the products in your shopping cart when you change pages).
Companies normally use cookies because they save both the website and the user time – making the overall visiting and browsing experience more efficient and enjoyable.
Websites can also use cookies to track visitors and how they interact with the site (which pages they click and how long they visit, for example), allowing the website to then analyse the anonymous data and tailor the content/layout to their audience. Hopefully you can see by now that they help make websites, like ours, better.
Are Cookies Dangerous?
NO. Cookies are just small pieces of text. They are not computer programs or viruses, so they cannot be ran as code or used to spread viruses.
Can Cookies Compromise User Privacy?
As previously mentioned, cookies are small text files that are stored on the individual user’s hard drive. Because they cannot run code or do anything malicious, a cookie cannot read other information saved on the hard drive, or get a user’s e-mail address etc. They only contain and transfer to the server as much information as the users themselves have disclosed to a certain web site.
If you would like to read more about cookies then please visit:  www.aboutcookies.org
HealthyWay Cookies
These cookies are used to analyze data on our users to help provide a better user experience.
Cookie Name
mx_bucket_*
User partition groups used to roll out new features or functionality
mx_xp_*
mx_cookie
Used to determine if user has been given opportunity to opt out of consents
gdpr[allowed_cookies]
wp-*
gdpr[consent_types]
xroll
Third Party Cookies
The following table details third-party sites which set cookies and external links to obtain information on their privacy policies and practices.
Party
Description
How To Control & Delete Cookies
Alternatively, you may wish to visit  http://www.aboutcookies.org , which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to delete cookies from your computer. For information on how to do this on the browser of your mobile phone you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Please be aware that restricting cookies can impact on the functionality of the HealthyWay website, as well as jeopardizing our earning potential and therefore the ability for us to provide you with the high quality free content you have grown accustomed to on a daily basis.
Request Information
If you would like to know more about HealthyWay.com, our business, cookies, or any of the issues discussed here, feel free to get in touch whenever you like via  our contact form .
Made in St. Louis
© 2018 Multiply Media, LLC. All rights reserved. The material on this site can not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Multiply.
Click here to unsubscribe from all emails.
Privacy Preference Center
Yes! I read the privacy statement and accept all cookies.
newsletter-signup
Required
Multiply
These cookies are used to collect information about traffic to this website and how users interface with this website.
Cookies Used
OK
