We use cookies to improve your shopping experience. If you continue, we assume you consent to receive all cookies on our site. Privacy
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDER OF $125 DETAILS
Our policy is simple: We'll ship almost anything on our site to anywhere in continental United States - for free. No kidding.
International orders and Ashley Stewart stores aren't eligible for free shipping. For Ashley Stewart returns, please refer to the Ashley Stewart Return Policy
My Account
**text ashley to 28789 exclusive offers!
Last updated: May 17, 2018
We, at Ashley Stewart, take your privacy seriously.  This Privacy Policy describes the type of information we collect from or about you when you visit AshleyStewart.com (the "Website").  This Privacy Policy also explains how Ashley Stewart may process, use, disclose, and retain such information, as well as your applicable rights and choices.
By using this Website, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and agree to the Ashley Stewart Terms of Use, which are incorporated by reference. If you do not agree, please do not access or use the Website. If we update our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This Privacy Policy is categorized under the following headers:
Information You Provide
Ashley Stewart collects information from you when you choose to share it with us.  This may include when you shop at AshleyStewart.com, register or create an online account with or through the Website, purchase products, request information from us, sign up for newsletters or our email list, enter into sweepstakes or other promotion, fill out a survey, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with or contact us .  The information we collect include your name, e-mail address, address or zip code, telephone or mobile number, gender, and birth date.
You may also provide us with certain information in connection with specification transactions:
Create an Account: If you create an online account, we will collect information about your purchases and payment methods, as well as the shipping addresses that you add to your Address Book, in order to make future shopping experiences faster and more convenient, and to provide you with more relevant content and advertising on our Website and on other sites.
Information You Provide When You Make a Purchase. If you make a purchase from us, we collect a payment card number and related financial information (such as CVV, expiration date, and billing address), or other payment information (such as via PayPal), depending on the form of payment you choose.  We also may collect your billing and/or shipping address, and any other information that is necessary to provide you with the goods or services you ordered.
Information You Provide When You Apply for an Ashley Stewart Credit Card. If you apply online for an Ashley Stewart credit card, you will be providing your personal information directly to the issuing bank for the Ashley Stewart credit card. However, your name, address, phone number, birth date and credit card account number, as well as any additional information necessary for us to provide you with the bonuses and benefits of an Ashley Stewart credit card, may be provided to us by the card issuer.
Information Automatically Collected
Whenever you visit or interact with the Website, we, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, clear gifs, JavaScript tags, log files, or other technologies to automatically or passively collect information about your online activity. For information about our use of cookies and other similar technologies through the Services, please read our Cookie Policy .
Please note that we automatically collect the following information about you:
Computer or Device.  We may automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier or information from the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device you use to access the Services, including the browser type, device type, operating system, software version, hardware model, and mobile network information, and the domain name from which you accessed the Services. 
Usage Information. We gather navigational information about where visitors go on the Website and information about the technical efficiencies of our Website and services (i.e., time to connect to the Website, time to download pages, etc.). This information allows us to see which areas of our Website are most visited and helps us better understand our visitors' experiences at AshleyStewart.com. This helps us improve the quality of the Website by recognizing and delivering more of the features, areas and services our visitors prefer. We may also create and use electronic records to compile statistics about how our visitors collectively interact with our website.  This information is also used to provide you with more relevant content and advertising on our Website and on other sites.
Third Party Service Providers.  We may use third party service providers to support our Website.  Some of these service providers may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, Flash cookies, or HTML5 cookies to receive, collect, and store information.
Third Party Analytic Technologies.  We may use third parties’ analytics and tracking tools to better understand who is using the Website, how people are using the Website, how to improve the effectiveness of the Website and related content, and to help us or those third parties serve more targeted advertising to you across the Internet. These tools may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, Flash cookies, HTML5 cookies, or other technologies to automatically collect and store certain information. They may also combine information they collect from your interaction with the Website with information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, or control over, these third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies. 
To learn more about your advertising choices relating to the collection and use of your information, please see the Your Rights section below.
Combination of Data
We may combine the information we collect from or about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through our Website, as well as information collected offline, across other computers or devices that you may use, and from third party sources.
 
2. How We Use Your Information and Our Lawful Basis
Ashley Stewart is committed to protecting and maintaining the privacy of your information. Therefore we will use and process your data only in accordance with applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy.
We will have a lawful basis to process your data when:
We need to process your information in order to provide you with the products or service you have requested or to enter into a contract
You have consented to such processing; or
We are required to do this by law (for example, where it is necessary to retain it in connection with potential litigation).
We may use the information we collect from and about you for a variety of business purposes, including the following:
To validate, confirm, verify, deliver, install, and track your order (including to process payment card transactions, arrange for shipping, handle returns and refunds, and contact you about your orders, including by telephone), provided support and responding to questions from customers and Website visitors, and learn about customers' needs
To enhance your online shopping experience, including as a way to recognize you and welcome you to the Website
To review the usage and operations of our Website,  develop new products or services, and conduct analysis to enhance or improve our content, products, and services
To provide you with customized Website content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Site, via email or text message, or across other websites, mobile applications, social media or online services
To contact you with information, newsletters and promotional materials from Ashley Stewart or on behalf of our partners and affiliates, or for research or informational purposes
To use your data in an aggregated non-specific format for analytical and demographic purposes ( this processing may involve profiling - for example to suggest products to you based on your search history, or the search history of other visitors that viewed similar product )
To protect the security or integrity of the Website and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users
To use and disclose your credit/debit card information only to process payments and prevent fraud
If you have an Ashley Stewart credit card, the information we receive from the issuer of the Ashley Stewart credit card is used by us to deliver information about our products to you and to provide you with the bonuses and benefits of an Ashley Stewart credit card, such as contacting you about upcoming in-store promotions and sending you a mailing during your birthday month
For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent
3. When We Disclose Information
We may share your information with the following categories of recipients:
Third Party Service Providers:  Ashley Stewart may share your information with third party service providers that provide business, professional or technical support functions for us (for example, for customer payment processing, order fulfillment and shipping services, customer service, and other services related to the services provided by us or on our behalf), help us operate our business and the Website, or administer activities on our behalf.  These vendors have access to your information as is necessary to perform such services, but have agreed not to use any customer personal data, except in accordance with this privacy policy
Select Third Parties: We also may use select third parties to help us provide new or better products and services to you.
Promotions. If you choose to enter into one of our sweepstakes, contests, drawings, contests, or other promotions, we may disclose your information to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such promotion, as required by law, as otherwise permitted by the promotion’s official rules, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Legal Obligations; Safety: We may access and disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law, or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law (including to respond to subpoenas, judicial processes, or government requests and investigations). We also may disclose information to prevent fraud to reduce credit risks, to cooperate with police and other governmental authorities, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to the Website or the public. We may disclose your information to protect the security of our Website, servers, network systems, and databases. We also may disclose your information as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of our Terms of Use, any other legal document or contract related to our services, or the rights of any third party.
Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets: We may disclose information about you if there is a sale of all or part of our business, or if we go through a reorganization or merger.
Aggregate or Anonymous Non-Personal Information: We may also share aggregate, anonymous, or de-identified non-personal information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses.
Other: We also may share your information as disclosed to you at the time of collection
4. How Long Your Information is Retained
We’ll hold on to your information for as long as you have your account, or as long as is needed to be able to provide the services to you, or (in the case of any contact you may have with our Customer Care team) for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only.
If reasonably necessary or required to meet legal or regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce our terms and conditions, we may also keep hold of some of your information as required, even after you have closed your account or it is no longer needed to provide the services to you.
5. International Transfers to the United States and Other Jurisdictions
This Site is governed by and operated in, and in accordance with the laws of the, United States, and are intended for the enjoyment of residents of the United States. Given that we are an international business, our use of your information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis.
If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect may be transferred to and processed in the United States , where data protection laws may be less stringent than in the country where you live. When applicable, we only transfer your personal data subject to suitable safeguards being in place; through the use of approved standard EU Model Clauses or to companies who are Privacy Shield certified .  We also make sure that any such transfers are conducted in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  To find out more about how we safeguard your information (including obtaining a copy of such safeguards) in relation to transfers outside the EEA, please contact us via the details provided in the “Contact Us” section below.
6. Your Rights and Choices
Data Subject Rights
If you live in the European Economic Area (EEA), you have a number of rights when it comes to your personal data.  If you wish to exercise these rights with regards to your personal data that we hold, please contact us using the details set out in the Contact Us section below. Further information and advice about your rights can be obtained from the data protection regulator in your country.  These rights include:
The right to be informed about how your personal data is being used (like this notice!)
The right to access the personal data we hold about you
The right to request the correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you
You have the right to ‘block’ or suppress further use of your information. When processing is restricted, we can still store your information, but may not use it further.  We keep lists of people who have asked for further use of their information to be ‘blocked’ to make sure the restriction is respected in future
The right to request that we delete your data, or stop processing it or collecting it, in some circumstances
The right to request that we transfer or port elements of your data either to you or another service provider
If you have given your consent to anything we do with your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time; and
Cookies, Tracking Options, and California Do Not Track Disclosures
For California Residents: Certain parts of our Website requires cookies. You are free to set your Internet browser device system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your Web browser’s or operating system’s website or “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your browser or operating system from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences
Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers.  We also work with third-party companies that use tracking technologies to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These companies may collect information about your visits to our Website and your interaction with our advertising and other communications. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
Opt-Out Preferences
If you do not wish to receive e-mails about special offers, new fashion trends, contests and other promotions from AshleyStewart.com, click the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails, or modify your account settings by going to the “Welcome Login” link at the top of our website, log-in to your account and then change your settings to indicate that you do not want to receive emails and other promotional materials.
Updating Your Information
 
7. Privacy of Children Who Visit the Web Site
Ashley Stewart recognizes the importance of children's safety and privacy. The Website is not designed to attract children, and is not intended for use by any children under the age of 13. We do not request, or knowingly collect, any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 18 may use the Website only under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian who agrees to be bound by the Terms of Use.
8. Your California Privacy Rights
Ashley Stewart collects various types of personal information about you during the course of your relationship with Ashley Stewart as a customer. Under California law, if you are a resident of California, you may make a written request to Ashley Stewart about how we have shared your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In response to your written request, Ashley Stewart is allowed to provide you with a notice describing the cost-free means to opt-out of our sharing your information with third parties with whom we do not share the same brand name, if the third party will use such information for its direct marketing purposes.
If you would like to exercise your rights under California law, please send your written request to the e-mail address or postal address below. Please include your postal address in your request. Within thirty (30) days of receiving your written request, Ashley Stewart will provide you with a Third Party Direct Marketing Opt-Out Form so you may request that your personal information not be disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
E-mail Address:
Secaucus, NJ 07094
Attn: Compliance Department
9. Third-Party Content, Links, and Plug-Ins
For your convenience, the Website may contain links to other websites. Ashley Stewart is not responsible for the privacy practices, advertising, products, or the content of such other websites. None of the links should be deemed to imply that Ashley Stewart endorses or has any affiliation with the links.
The Website may also offer you the ability to interact with social plugins from social media sites, which may allow us and/or the social media site to receive data from or about you. In some cases, we may know that you clicked on a social plugin, such as a Twitter Follow button, or receive other information from the social media sites. Similarly, if you have previously provided personal information to a third-party operating a plug-in on this Website, then such third-party may recognize you on this Website. Your use of social network plugins is subject to each social media site’s privacy policy, which may be different from ours, so please read these policies carefully to understand their policies and your options.
10. Data Security
Ashley Stewart believes in providing a safe and secure experience for all of our online visitors. To that end, we have implemented security measures at AshleyStewart.com to protect the information we have collected at the Website. For example, we limit access to your personal information to select employees and others with a valid business need for the information. In addition, we hold our employees responsible for upholding our privacy standards.
We maintain reasonable physical and electronic safeguards designed to limit unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, and to protect you against the criminal misuse of that information.
We use data encryption technology when transferring and receiving your personal information. For example, in your transactions submitted by you through the Website, a solid key icon or a locked padlock icon at the lower portion of your Web browser window confirms the site is secured through Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). Pages requesting personal information should always have one of these icons. You can also confirm your data is being encrypted by looking at the URL line of your browser (the place where you type Website addresses). When accessing a secure server, the site address will change from "http" to "https".
While we use the foregoing security measures to protect your information, please note that no data transmitted over the Internet or stored and utilized for business purposes can be guaranteed to be completely secure. No security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We cannot ensure that information you share on the Website will not become publicly available. You can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to date antivirus software
11. Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may elect to change or amend our Privacy Policy; in such event, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on the Website. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our Website often for this and other important announcements and update..
12. Questions/Contact US
 
 
 
**text ashley to 28789 exclusive offers!
**By texting to receive exclusive offers, you consent to receive up to 10 autodialed marketing msg/month from Ashley Stewart on the mobile number used to sign up. Standard msg. & data rates may apply. Consent not required to purchase.  Text STOP to 28789 to stop; HELP for help..
*Some exclusions may apply. See Details
×
*Discount on select full-price merchandise only. Online only. Excludes Skechers, Halloween Costumes and other promotional offers. Not valid on previous purchases, gift certificates or gift card purchases. Not redeemable for cash or accepted as payment for any credit card account.
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, Please call
844-327-4539
Copyright © Ashley Stewart Inc. All rights Reserved.
Dedicated to women who love their curves
Ashley Stewart started in local neighborhoods across the country. As an iconic women’s fashion brand, we’ve always stood for fashion forward, on-trend clothing at an affordable price. Now with 89 stores across the country, one of the most socially engaged online communities, and a leading eCommerce business, Ashley Stewart is your neighborhood brand gone global!
