Cart
Close
We understand and respect your privacy and data, we collect only the essential and protect all information.
Before creators we ourselves are consumers of the digital age. We understand how important your information is to you and makes sure that the information you provide to us is handled with responsibility. Just like we would like our personal information to be handled.
We do not disclose this information of yours to a third party. Moreover, we collect customer information to enhance your shopping experience and further personalize it for you.
INFORMATION SECURITY
We take your privacy seriously and to ensure protection of your data we use SSL certificates that allow us to protect your information. SSL certificates are small data files that digitally bind a “Cryptographic Key” to the information your provide. It helps protect your credit card information, login details and data transfer.
TYPE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED
Postal addresses (Shipping & Billing) along with telephone numbers and email address are saved. So your next transactions are done faster, these are not shared with any third party. (unless you explicitly consent to it)
Credit card information is required to complete your online transaction, however, we don’t save it, it’s only used by credit card companies. We also save survey information to improve our products.
THIRD PARTY POLICY
We will not share your personal information including your email with any third party. Your non personal information might be used for analytics and for enhancing user experience.
If you sign up for our newsletter, we use third party tools to deliver our newsletters but no personal information is shared with said third party but your email address.
SOME LEGAL DETAILS
MONT5’s Privacy Policy covers the entire MONT5 website. “The Site,” “We”, “Us”, or “Our” refers to MONT5 whereas phrases like “You”, “Your” and other similar expressions refer to our customers and users of our web store. By using the MONT5 site and services, you’re agreeing to the policies and practices expressed in this “Privacy Policy” and that you’re 18 years of age or above. Please also be advised that MONT5 reserves all rights to modify and, or, change the “Privacy Policy” anytime without any notice.
WANT TO KNOW MORE?
For more information on our Privacy Policy please refer to the FAQ’s mentioned below. In case you have question or concerns regarding privacy on our site, please send us an email with “Privacy” written as subject line at support@mont5.com
FAQ's
Why do we collect your information?
MONT5 might gather online information to improve customer’s online shopping experience, and to further enhance and maintain the quality of our website. To remember customers preferences and choices to provide faster checkouts and better choices. We might also use your information for analytics and better user experience.
When do we collect your information?
We collect your information when you purchase products from our online store and when you provide us with your feedback.
Do we keep your Credit Card information?
No,we don’t store your Credit Card information with us. Your credit card information is protected by SSL encryption and we don’t keep any details that you need to provide while placing an order with us.
What do we use your information for?
We use your information to advise you of any changes in our product line, discounts and promotions, new arrivals and other product related information. We may also ask you for your feedback and suggestions so as to improve our customer services and enhance your shopping experience with us. Emails are only sent to users by their consent.
Can I unsubscribe from the newsletters and emails?
Certainly yes, you can unsubscribe from our newsletters and emails simply by clicking “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the message.
What emails will I get?
You’ll receive update emails regarding your order i.e. confirmation email, emails containing tracking number and other correspondence. Newsletter and promotional emails are only sent when you categorically allow us to do so, we will not send you any promotional stuff without your consent.
Why must I allow cookies?
We store intermediate information like your size and personalizations. So that if your browser is closed due to some reason, your information isn’t lost and you wouldn’t have to fill it up all over again.
Order today and get your MONT5 in 3 weeks
×
