Buying a home is one of the most exciting times in our lives. At Caliber Home Loans, Inc., we work hard to make sure you have a positive, fulfilling experience.
We've taken the best of today’s cutting-edge technology and created a faster, easier home loan process.
Refinancing with Caliber could mean cash in your pocket or obtaining a lower rate to accommodate your current situation.
An FHA Loan Is Partially Insured by the Federal Housing Administration (FHA).
FHA 203(k) Rehab loans enable you to buy a home that’s in need of repair or renovations by providing additional funding before move-in.
A VA Streamline Refinance, or IRRRL, Provides You With a Faster Way to Lower or Lock in Your Interest Rate With Limited Costs.
Partially Insured by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) and a Valuable Benefit for Military Veterans and Active Servicemen and Women.
A Suite of Loan Products Supported by a Product Team Dedicated to Promoting and Preserving Home Ownership for More Families Across the Nation.
Loan tailored for people who are working to rebuild their credit after a recent bankruptcy, foreclosure, deed in lieu of foreclosure or short sale.
The Investment Program can finance an investment property – even if you already own one or more investment properties.
Manage Your Account Online with Self-Service Tools like One-Time and Recurring Electronic Payment, Payment History and Online Statements.
Clear, concise answers to questions frequently asked by Caliber homeowners.
Website Privacy Notice
Caliber Home Loans, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively "Caliber Home Loans" or "We") will treat personal data that you provide through this web site or any related web sites (collectively the "Site") according to this privacy policy (this "Policy"), which is consistent with our treatment of personal data that you provide offline to us or to our brokers and dealers. By visiting the Site, you agree to be bound by this Policy.
Foreign visitors
If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please do not provide any personal data through the Site or by e-mail, as this Policy may not comply with local laws in your jurisdiction.
Children
This Site is not intended for visitors under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personal data from or about people under 18 years of age, nor do we knowingly market our products or services to people under 18 years of age.
Personal data we collect from visitors
Personal data identifies an individual by, for example, name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. We may collect the following types of personal data: (1) if you apply for a job, your name, address, references, and employment history; (2) if you apply for credit, your name, address, social security number, credit history, and financial information, directly or through one of our brokers or dealers; (3) if you use this Site to check the status of your account, your name, account number, and other information, such as a password, to verify your identity; and (4) if you send us e-mail or request information, your name, e-mail address, and any other personal data you supply in your e-mail message.
Other data we automatically collect
When you visit the Site, Caliber Home Loans collects certain non-personal data by various means, one of which is "cookies." A cookie is an alphanumeric string of text (a unique identifier) that our web server stores in your computer by means of your web browser. The cookie allows us to recognize your computer when you revisit the Site. We can then improve your use of the Site, for example by providing quick log-ins, displaying only web pages that interest you, and saving you from retyping information in a form. Cookies also allow us to analyze aggregate traffic on the Site  to streamline navigation and keep the content fresh for all visitors. You can configure your browser to reject cookies, but doing so may disable some of the Site's features. Cookies do not contain personal data, nor can they read or transmit any data on your computer's hard drive. They can, nonetheless, be combined with personal data that you knowingly provide, to create a profile. Caliber Home Loans does not use cookies in this manner without your express consent.
Regardless of cookies, all web browsers transmit the IP address of the computer on which they are running (so that the web server knows where to send the requested web page). We analyze IP addresses only in extraordinary circumstances to attempt to track hackers.
How we use the data we collect
We may use the data that you provide as follows: (1) if you apply for a job, to consider you for the position and to contact references; (2) if you apply for credit, to assess your credit-worthiness (including retrieving credit reports) and to approve or reject your application; (3) if you check the status of your account, to respond to your inquiry; (4) if you send us e-mail or request information, to reply to your request. We may also use the data that you provide to help us improve the content and function of the Site or other sites, to better understand our customers and markets, to improve our products and services, to enhance our marketing and promotional efforts, to improve product offerings, and to later contact you, electronically or otherwise, about products or services that we believe will interest you. If required by law, such communications will explain how to "opt out" of receiving future communications. You cannot, however, opt out of receiving communications about your account, such as service announcements and administrative notices.
Sharing data
Caliber Home Loans may share data that you provide under the following circumstances:
Affiliates
We may share your name, address, and information about your transactions and experiences with us (such as your payment history or other facts about your account) with our affiliates.
We may also share other personal data that you provide with our affiliates in order to provide you with information about products or services that may interest you.
Agents and Service Providers - In order to establish, administer, and manage our customers' accounts, evaluate credit, provide customer service and benefits, process account transactions and account statements, conduct research and analysis, or process job applications, we may disclose personal data to companies that work with us to perform services or business operations on our behalf. We may also share personal data with companies that perform marketing services on our behalf, or with other financial institutions (including insurance companies) with whom we have joint marketing agreements.
Third Parties (Disclosures Permitted or Required by Law) - In certain instances, we are permitted or even required to disclose your personal data to third parties. Examples of this type of permitted disclosure are reporting information about your transactions with us to credit reporting agencies, responding to regulators or auditors, protecting against fraud, or providing information in connection with proposed or actual business transactions involving our companies or accounts. We may also disclose your personal data to third parties when legally compelled to do so, or when we believe that such disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our terms of use, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Caliber Home Loans, its employees, customers, visitors to the Site, and others. Please be aware that these disclosures are permitted by law without your consent.
Business Transfers - As we develop our business, we may sell or buy businesses or assets, or be involved in mergers or other corporate reorganization. In transactions such as these, your personal data may be one of the transferred business assets.
Other Third Parties (Optional Disclosures) - We may share, as permitted by law, your personal data with third parties with whom we do not have joint marketing agreements, such as other financial service providers, insurance companies, or non-financial companies such as service organizations, retailers, travel services or direct marketers. These companies may wish to provide you with information about products or services that may interest you.
Option for our Consumer Customers: If you are a consumer (as opposed to commercial) customer of Caliber Home Loans, you may direct us not to share personal data with other third parties, except as permitted by law, by sending an e-mail to US.Privacy@CaliberHomeLoans.com .
Security
Caliber Home Loans uses reasonable measures to protect personal data from unauthorized access, deletion, or alteration. Any information you provide on an on-line Caliber Home Loans form (such as a job or credit application) is encrypted. Any personal information that Caliber Home Loans electronically transmits to you at your request (such as your account balance) is encrypted. E-mail communications are not encrypted. Therefore, you should not send any personal data by e-mail. Caliber Home Loans will never send you e-mail requesting personal data.
Public areas
Caliber Home Loans does not control and is not responsible for other visitors' treatment of information that you post on public areas of the Site. For example, such information may be collected and used by others for their own purposes, including sending you unsolicited e-mail.
Your access to personal data
If you wish to review, correct, or remove personal data that you provided to Caliber Home Loans, please send an e-mail to US.Privacy@CaliberHomeLoans.com .
Links
The Site may have hyperlinks to or pop-up windows from other websites. Caliber Home Loans is not responsible for their content or privacy practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy of any web site that you visit.
Notices and revisions
Caliber Home Loans may revise this Policy from time to time. You should periodically check the revision date at the top of this web page to learn of any revisions. Your use of the Site at any time is deemed acceptance of the Policy then in effect. If you have questions about this Policy, please send an e-mail to US.Privacy@CaliberHomeLoans.com .
Ready to Purchase a Home?
Find a Loan Consultant in Your Area to Get Started.
Contact a Loan Consultant Directly to Start the Refinance Process.
How much can I borrow?
The loan process many times boils down to what you can afford. A good way to check your potential finances is to utilize a monthly payment calculator such as the one found here with Caliber.
Fresh Start
Designed to elevate your opportunities in the housing market and get you back on your feet, the Fresh Start program boasts features such as low down payments and favorable credit score requirements. Is Fresh Start for you?
