Directory Information and the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act
Student record information is confidential and private. In accordance with both Federal law and University policy, the university does not release student record information without prior written consent. The one exception to this is directory information. Directory information is considered public information and may be released without a student's prior consent. When it is determined that a service would benefit students, the University will utilize directory information to provide that service. As an alumnus or alumna, you will also be provided with beneficial information.
NSHE Board of Regents policy states:
In accordance with institutional policy and the U.S. Family Education Rights and Privacy Act of 1974 (FERPA), the University of Nevada, Reno vigorously protects the privacy of student education records. The institution does not release private records of individual students, such as grades and class schedules, without prior written consent of the student.
As permitted under federal law, the sole exception to the above practice is the release of "directory" information considered to be public in nature and not generally deemed to be an invasion of privacy. At the University of Nevada, Reno, the following categories are defined as "directory" information: student name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, major field of study, participation in officially recognized activities and athletics (including Greek organizations), weight and height measurements for members of athletic teams, dates of attendance, enrollment status (full-, half- or part-time; undergraduate or graduate), degrees and awards received, and listings of the most recent educational agency or institution attended.
Students have the right to request non-disclosure of directory information. If they do not restrict release of this information, it is probable that the information will be released or disclosed. The University of Nevada, Reno uses directory information for non-commercial, educational purposes, such as to mail notices to students about changes in policies, services, or opportunities. Directory information may also be provided for commercial purposes to businesses affiliated with the institution, honor societies, the alumni association and foundation, or other individuals for purposes that may be beneficial to students. The institution exercises discretion in responding to requests for directory information and may or may not provide such information when requested, depending on the intended purpose of the request. The institution does not sell or rent student information for a fee.
It is important to consider carefully the potential consequences of restricting the release of directory information. If a student restricts release for non-commercial educational purposes, the institution will be unable to place the student’s name in publications such as honors and graduation programs; to confirm graduation and dates of attendance to potential employers; to verify enrollment with organizations such as insurance companies; or to send notifications about specialized scholarships without the express written authorization of the student.
If, after due consideration, you wish to restrict the release of directory information, complete a Request for Confidential Status of Directory Information form and submit it to the Office of Admissions and Records. This directive will apply permanently to your record until you choose to reverse it by submitting a written authorization.
The University of Nevada, Reno does not sell student information to commercial operations. The University actively protects the privacy of student information.
General Information
Search
|
