Privacy Policy (EU & UK)
Privacy and Cookie Policy for RESIDENTS OF THE EUROPEAN UNION AND the UNITED KINGDOM
Last Updated: [5/24/18]
Introduction
 
 
 
 
 
 
What is personal data?
We collect information about you in a range of forms, including personal data. As used in this Policy, “personal data” is as defined in the UK Data Protection Act 1998 and the General Data Protection Regulation 2018 and any successor legislation, this includes any information which, either alone or in combination with other information we hold about you, identifies you as an individual, including, for example, your name, postal address, email address and telephone number.
Why do we need your personal data?
We will only process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws. We need certain personal data in order to provide you with access to the Services. If you created a profile/registered with us, you will have been asked to tick to agree to provide this information in order to access our services or sign up for a demo. This consent provides us with the legal basis we require under applicable law to process your data. You maintain the right to withdraw such consent at any time. If you do not agree to our use of your personal data in line with this Policy, please do not use our Services.
Collecting Your Personal Data
Information You Give Us. This includes:
the personal data you provide when you register to use our Services, including your‎ name, postal address, email address, telephone number, username, and password;
 
Information from Social Networking Sites. Our FastAction application include(s) interfaces that allow you to connect with social networking sites (each a “SNS”). If you connect to a SNS through FastAction, you authorize us to access, use and store the information that you agreed the SNS could provide to us based on your settings on that SNS. We will access, use and store that information in accordance with this Policy. You can revoke our access to the information you provide in this way at any time by amending the appropriate settings from within your account settings on the applicable SNS.
Information Automatically Collected. We automatically log information about you and your computer or mobile device when you access our Services. For example, when visiting our Services, we log your computer or mobile device operating system name and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, browser language, screen resolution, the website you visited before browsing to our Services, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of and actions on our Services. We collect this information about you using cookies. Please refer to the sections on cookies and Pixel Tags below.
Automated Decision Making and Profiling. We do not use your personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making. However, we may do so in order to fulfil obligations imposed by law, in which case we will inform you of any such processing and provide you with an opportunity to object.
COOKIES
What are cookies?
We may collect information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Services.
We use two broad categories of cookies: (1) first party cookies, served directly by us to your computer or mobile device, which are used only by us to recognize your computer or mobile device when it revisits our Services; and (2) third party cookies, which are served by service providers on our Services, and can be used by such service providers to recognize your computer or mobile device when it visits other websites.
Cookies we use
Our Services use[s] the following types of cookies for the purposes set out below:
Type of cookie
Essential Cookies
These cookies are essential to provide you with services available through our Services and to enable you to use some of its features. For example, they allow you to log in to secure areas of our Application(s) and help the content of the pages you request load quickly. Without these cookies, the services that you have asked for cannot be provided, and we only use these cookies to provide you with those services.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies allow our Services to remember choices you make when you use our Services, such pre-filling a form from data from  previous sign ups, remembering your language preferences, remembering your login details and remembering the changes you make to other parts of our Services which you can customize. The purpose of these cookies is to provide you with a more personal experience and to avoid you having to re-enter your preferences every time you visit our Services.
Analytics and Performance Cookies
 
 
 
You can prevent the use of Google Analytics relating to your use of our Services by downloading and installing the browser plugin available via this link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB ]
Social Media Cookies
 
 
Disabling cookies
You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings,” “help” “tools” or “edit” facility).  Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings. 
Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.com.uk .
If you do not accept our cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of our Services. For example, we may not be able to recognize your computer or mobile device and you may need to log in every time you visit our Services.
 PIXEL TAGS
We may also use pixel tags (which are also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) on our Services to track the actions of users on our Services. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages. Pixel tags measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Services, so that we can manage our content more effectively. The information we collect using pixel tags is not linked to our users’ personal data.
ADVERTISING
Generally. We may use other companies to serve third-party advertisements when you visit and use the Services. These companies may collect and use click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over during your visits to the Services and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use tracking technologies to collect this information. Other companies' use of their tracking technologies is subject to their own privacy policies.
Your Ad Choices. Some of the third party services providers and/or advertisers may be members of the Network European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance ("EDAA") Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioural Advertising. To learn more, visit http://www.edaa.eu/edaa-for-users   which provides information regarding targeted advertising and the "opt-out" procedures of EDAA members.
Using Your Personal Data
to operate, maintain, and improve our Services, products, and services;
to manage your account, including to communicate with you regarding your account, if you have an account on our Services;
to respond to your comments and questions and to provide customer service;
to send information including technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
with your consent, to send you marketing e-mails about upcoming promotions, and other news, including information about products and services offered by us and our affiliates.  You may opt-out of receiving such information at any time: such marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” Please note, even if you opt out of receiving marketing emails, we may still send you non-marketing emails. Non-marketing emails include emails about your account with us (if you have one) and our business dealings with you;
to link or combine user information with other personal data;
as we believe necessary or appropriate (a) to comply with applicable laws; (b) to comply with lawful requests and legal process, including to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (c) to enforce our Policy; and (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and
as described in the “Sharing of your Personal Data” section below.
Sharing Your Personal Data
We may share your personal data as follows:
Third Parties Designated by You. We may share your personal data with third parties where you have provided your consent to do so.
Our Third Party Service Providers. We may share your personal data with our third party service providers who provide services such as data analysis, payment processing, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing and other similar services. These third parties are only permitted to use your personal data to the extent necessary to enable them to provide their services to us. They are required to follow our express instructions and to comply with appropriate security measures to protect your personal data.
Third Party Advertisers. We may share personal data with advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to select and serve relevant adverts to you and others.
Affiliates. We may share some or all of your personal data with our affiliates, in which case we will require our affiliates to comply with this Policy. In particular, you may let us share personal data with our affiliates where you wish to receive marketing communications from them.
Corporate Restructuring. We may share personal data when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
Other Disclosures. We may share personal data as we believe necessary or appropriate: (a) to comply with applicable laws; (b) to comply with lawful requests and legal process, including to respond to requests from public and government authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (c) to enforce our Policy; and (d) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others.
Anonymous Data
When we use the term “anonymous data,” we are referring to data and information that does not permit you to be identified or identifiable, either alone or when combined with any other information available to a third party. 
We may create anonymous data from the personal data we receive about you and other individuals whose personal data we collect. Anonymous data might include analytics information and information collected by us using cookies.  We make personal data into anonymous data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  We use this anonymous data to analyses usage patterns in order to make improvements to our Services.
Third Party Sites
Our Services may contain links to third party websites and features. For example, our blog posts may link to other Sites, and our Services may contain Facebook Like buttons. This Policy does not cover the privacy practices of such third parties. These third parties have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their websites, features or policies.  Please read their privacy policies before you submit any data to them.
International Data Transfer
Your information, including personal data that we collect from you, may be transferred to, stored at and processed by us and our affiliates and other third parties outside the country in which you reside, including, but not limited to the United States, where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world. By using our Services, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Policy.
Security
We seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect personal data within our organization. Unfortunately, no transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be completely secure, and transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us using the details in Section 20 below.
Retention
We will retain your personal data until you exercise your right to be forgotten or your right to erasure, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (for example for regulatory purposes).
Our Policy on Children
Our Services are not directed to children under 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should contact us using the details in Section 16 below. We will delete such information from our files as soon as reasonably practicable.
Sensitive Personal Data
Subject to the following paragraph, we ask that you not send us, and you not disclose, any sensitive personal data (e.g., social security numbers, information related to racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religion or other beliefs, health, biometrics or genetic characteristics, criminal background or trade union membership) on or through the Services or otherwise to us.
If you send or disclose any sensitive personal data to us when you submit user generated content to our Services, you consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data in accordance with this Policy. If you do not consent to our processing and use of such sensitive personal data, you must not submit such user generated content to our Services.
Your Rights
Opt-out.  You may contact us anytime to opt-out of: (i) direct marketing communications; (ii) automated decision-making and/or profiling; (iii) our collection of sensitive personal data; (iv) any new processing of your personal data that we may carry out beyond the original purpose; or (v) the transfer of your personal data outside the EEA. Please note that your use of some of the Services may be ineffective upon opt-out.
Access. You may access the information we hold about you at any time via your profile/account  or by contacting us directly.
Amend. You can also contact us to update or correct any inaccuracies in your personal data.
Move. Your personal data is portable – i.e. you to have the flexibility to move your data to other service providers as you wish.
Erase and forget. In certain situations, for example when the information we hold about you is no longer relevant or is incorrect, you can request that we erase your data.
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us using the details in Section 16 below. In your request, please make clear: (i) what personal data is concerned; and (ii) which of the above rights you would like to enforce.  For your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal data associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event, within one month of your request. Please note that we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion.
Complaints
We are committed to resolve any complaints about our collection or use of your personal data. If you would like to make a complaint regarding this Policy or our practices in relation to your personal data, please contact us at: support@ngpvan.com or support@everyaction.com . We will reply to your complaint as soon as we can and in any event, within 45 days. We hope to resolve any complaint brought to our attention, however if you feel that your complaint has not been adequately resolved, you reserve the right to contact your local data protection supervisory authority, which for the UK, is the Information Commissioner’s Office.
Contact Information
We welcome your comments or questions about this Policy. You may contact us in writing at support@ngpvan.com or support@everyaction.com or 1445 New York Ave #200, Washington, D.C. 20005.
18.       EUROPEAN UNION PRIVACY SHIELD COMPLIANT / SWITZERLAND SAFE HARBOR COMPLIANT
NGP VAN complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the EU to the US. Accordingly, NGP VAN has completed its certification to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program including the Principles, please visit  www.privacyshield.gov .  NGP VAN also maintains an affirmative commitment to the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework and its principles, which will not be affected by our participation in the Privacy Shield.  Further information on our compliance with the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework is available on request.  NGP VAN is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC).
 
 
Washington, DC 20005
Somerville, MA 02144
