More  Common Core Clinics Mathematics
More  Write Math!
More  Attack Math
More  Building Mathematical Thinking
More  It’s Elementary!
More  Computation Basics
More  The Kim Marshall Series: Math
More  Explode The Code® Online
More  Wordly Wise i3000
Last updated July 24, 2014.
We are concerned about your right to privacy while accessing and using this website. Please take the opportunity to review our Privacy Policy.
EPS Literacy and Intervention has created this statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.epsbooks.com
Information Automatically Logged
We use the user's IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our website.
Cookies
Our site uses cookies to keep track of user sessions on our site. We also use cookies to collect anonymous traffic data.
Registration Forms
Our site's registration forms requires users to give us contact information (such as name, e-mail, and postal address), unique identifiers (such as e-mail address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
Order Form
Our site's order form requires users to give us contact information (such as name, e-mail, and postal address), financial information (such as purchase order account or credit card number), unique identifiers (such as e-mail address), and demographic information (such as zip code).
Our Use of Personal Data
The personal data we obtain from customers via this website is used in the following ways:
Contact information from the order form is used to ship purchases from EPS.
Financial information from the order form is used to bill the customer for products and services.
Unique identifiers (such as e-mail addresses) are collected on the registration and order forms to verify the user's identity, for use as account numbers in our record system, and for other purposes.
Demographic and profile data collected at our site is used for internal analysis.
Contact information from the registration and order forms may be used to send promotional material from EPS to customer mailing addresses. To opt out of receiving promotional materials at their postal mailing address, customers may submit a postal mail opt out request.
User e-mail addresses from the registration and order forms may be used to send targeted e-mail from our company. To opt out of receiving promotional materials at their e-mail address, customers may submit an e-mail opt out request.
Sharing of Personal Data with Third Parties
We may exchange customer names and mailing addresses with carefully selected companies that offer educational products that might interest our customers. To opt out of receiving third-party promotional materials at their postal mailing address, customers may submit a postal mail opt out request.
EPS will not share customer e-mail addresses or telephone numbers with third-party companies.
External Links
This site contains links to other sites. EPS is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. A secure server is used to encrypt credit card information.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives customers only the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided:
You can send e-mail to  Feedback.EPS@schoolspecialty.com .
You can call the following telephone number: 800.225.5750 (toll-free).
Contacting the Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can e-mail  Feedback.EPS@schoolspecialty.com .
More  Common Core Clinics Mathematics
More  Write Math!
More  Attack Math
More  Building Mathematical Thinking
More  It’s Elementary!
More  Computation Basics
More The Kim Marshall Series: Math
More  Explode The Code® Online
More  Wordly Wise i3000
