Everyday Savings:
Save 45% over in-home custom blinds retailers. Same quality products for less!
+ Free Shipping Sitewide
1, 2 or 3-Day Production Disclaimer
It is our goal to produce your custom made blinds and shades as quickly as possible. To ensure prompt delivery we send your order directly to the manufacturing facility. Most orders can be modified or canceled in the first 24 hours. Unfortunately, orders including products that have 1, 2 or 3-day production and any orders with expedited shipping cannot be modified or canceled for any reason. All modifications and cancelations must be done in writing on our contact page or over the phone with one of our dedicated customer service representatives. In the event you need to cancel your order before it ships and your order is not eligible for cancelation, we can attempt to cancel your order for a restocking fee that is less than the original amount of the order. Out of stock items are not part of this promotion, if an item is out of stock you will be notified within 48 hours of original order. Also, during special promos such as Buy 3 Get 1 Free, this offer may not be in effect. See individual products to see which qualify. Orders of 25 or more are considered contract orders and do not apply to the made in one day promo. Holiday production will add at least 2 business days.
Made in 1 Day
Made in 3 Days or Less
Any notes or questions entered by a customer on their order for these products will cause the order to be held until questions/notes can be answered and will not qualify for the 3 day production. Out of stock items are not part of this promotion, if an item is out of stock you will be notified within 48 hours of original order. Also, during special promos such as Buy 3 Get 1 Free, this offer may not be in effect. See individual products to see which qualify. Orders of 25 or more are considered contract orders and do not apply to the made in one day promo. These orders will not be held for 24 hours.
Delivery in 5 Days Disclaimer
After placing an order, it is automatically held for 24 hours to allow you to make changes before going into production.  Orders typically take 4 to 5 business days for production. Please allow an additional 4 to 5 business days for delivery.  Please see chart below for schedule. Out of stock items are not part of this promotion, if an item is out of stock you will be notified within 48 hours of original order. See individual products to see which qualify. Please note: this does not include unforeseen events that will prevent UPS or FedEx to deliver on time. Attempted delivery constitutes delivery.
Order Placed
Freight Surcharge Chart
FREE
FREE
FREE
FREE
Express Shipping Disclaimer
SelectBlinds.com offers express shipping for those customers with a tight deadline. Normal production times still apply to orders that choose the express shipping option on our website. Please check individual products for typical production times and keep in mind production times can change on a day to day basis.
Buy 3 Get 1 Free Disclaimer
*Buy any 3 or more eligible blinds/shades receive the fourth blind/shade of equal or lesser value for free.  The free blind savings will show in the shopping cart. Must have a minimum of 4 items in your cart. No adjustments on previous orders. If some or all merchandise is returned, the value of the free blind/shade will not be refunded or credited back. This offer excludes dealer orders. This promotion is limited to one per household.
Buy 1 Get 1 50% Off Disclaimer
* Buy 1 blind/shade from the eligible products available and receive the second blind/shade of equal or lesser value for 50% off the coupon price. Shopping carts with 3 or more items will have the 50% discount applied to the lowest priced item.
 
Shopping Tips
To have the best shopping experience with Select Blinds, there are a few things to keep in mind. These resources will help you find the perfect window coverings to complement your style, help you stay on budget, and teach you how to properly measure and install your new blinds or shades.
Buying Guides
Need a little help deciding on a blind or shade? Then explore our many buying guides . They will guide you through different style possibilities, from coastal to rustic . Prefer to search by the room they’ll be in, like your bathroom or your bedroom ? You can find that, too. With so many window covering options, you’re going to wish you had more windows.
Order Free Samples
This is the first step of the purchasing process. Ordering free samples gives you the chance to see your favorite window coverings in person. You can see what they look like with your paint colors and with your lighting. Those factors can drastically change how a color looks. When looking at colors, never trust your computer screen. Everyone’s screen will have slight to severe differences in how the color is shown. The only way to see an item’s true color before you buy it is through a free sample. And what do you have to lose? They’re free!
Measure Video and Instructions
After you order your free samples and you’ve decided on the perfect window coverings, it’s time to measure your windows. Start by watching our measuring video that gives you easy step-by-step instructions. You don’t even have to worry about taking deductions when measuring. We’ll do all that for you depending on the window coverings you order.
*Please note all products will have a +/- 1/8" variance.
Technical Tips
If you need a little extra help with your blinds or shades, visit our technical tips section. You can find how-to and troubleshooting guides. With images, videos, and step-by-step instructions, you can’t go wrong with these. From installing child-safe cord cleats to shortening wide blinds , you can find everything you need in this section.
Discount Code
Discount codes are subject to time limitations. Some discount codes may not be combined.
Pricing Policy
Selectblinds.com strives for accuracy in all item descriptions, photographs, detailed specifications, pricing, links and any other product-related information contained herein or referenced on our website. Due to human error and other determinates we cannot guarantee that all item descriptions, photographs, compatibility references, detailed specifications, pricing, links and any other product-related information listed is entirely accurate, complete or current, nor can we assume responsibility for these errors. In the event a product listed on our website is labeled with an incorrect price due to some typographical, informational, technical or other error, SelectBlinds.com shall at its sole discretion have the right to refuse and/or cancel any order for said product and immediately amend, correct and/or remove the inaccurate information.
Saved Orders / Price Changes
At SelectBlinds.com we strive to give our consumers the best price available on the products we carry. Unfortunately we are in a very volatile market, therefore prices are subject to change without notice. Saving an order in your account does not guarantee price. So please process your order quickly to ensure that you receive the best price.
Note: Dealer orders are not covered under our satisfaction guarantee .
Order Changes and Cancelations
It is our goal to produce your custom made blinds and shades as quickly as possible. To ensure prompt delivery we send your order directly to the manufacturing facility. Most orders can be modified or canceled in the first 24 hours. Unfortunately, orders including products that have 1-3 day production and any orders with expedited shipping cannot be modified or canceled for any reason. All modifications and cancelations must be done in writing on our contact page or over the phone with one of our dedicated customer service representatives. In the event you need to cancel your order before it ships and your order is not eligible for cancelation, we can attempt to cancel your order for a restocking fee that is less than the original amount of the order.
Order Processing Fee
What is the order processing fee? This fee is applied to every order, no matter the quantity. It allows us to absorb the escalating costs of manufacturing many of our custom-made window coverings in the USA and helps us maintain free shipping on all our products.
Terms And Conditions
You should assume that everything you see or read on the site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be used except as provided in these terms and conditions or in the text on the site without the written permission of SelectBlinds.com.
SelectBlinds.com assumes no liability, and shall not be liable for, any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the site or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the site.
Any communication you transmit to the site by e-mail or other methods, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like is, and will be treated as, nonproprietary, unless otherwise specifically indicated. Anything you transmit becomes the property of SelectBlinds.com and may be used for any purpose including, but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission , posting or general public information.,
Subject to our Privacy Statement, all information submitted via this site shall be deemed and remain the property of SelectBlinds.com and its affiliates, we and our affiliates shall be free to use, for any purpose, any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in information a visitor to this site provides through this site. SelectBlinds.com and its affiliates shall not be subject to any obligations of confidentiality regarding submitted information except as agreed by the entity having the direct customer relationship or as otherwise specifically agreed or required by law.
Although SelectBlinds.com, from time to time, monitor or review postings, transmissions, and the like on the site, SelectBlinds.com is under no obligation to do so and assumes no liability arising from the content of any such locations nor for any error, defamation, libel, slander, omission, falsehood, obscenity, pornography, profanity, danger, or inaccuracy contained in any information within such locations on the site. You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, scandalous, inflammatory, pornographic, or profane material or any material that could constitute or encourage conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any law. SelectBlinds.com will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing SelectBlinds.com to disclose the identity of anyone posting any such information or materials.
SelectBlinds.com is owned and operated by Ristal Inc.
Phone Orders
All Phone order customers are responsible to verify their orders on the order confirmation that is emailed to them after checkout. Customers that fail to do so will void the satisfaction guarantee on the website. This is a tool to ensure no mistakes are made. We strongly suggest that you review your email confirmation after every order. If a customer does not receive an email confirmation for any reason such as an incorrectly entered email address, it is the customer's responsibility to contact selectblinds in order to obtain their order confirmation.
Damaged Shipments
All damaged shipments must be reported to SelectBlinds.com customer service within 10 business days of order delivery.
Privacy
What personally identifiable information SelectBlinds.com collects.
What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site.
What organization collects the information?
How SelectBlinds.com uses the information.
With whom SelectBlinds.com may share user information.
What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.
What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under SelectBlinds.com control.
How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Rick Steele, Founder and CMO by email sent to contact@selectblinds.com.
Information Collection and Use
Shopping Cart
In order to purchase items from this Web site, a user must first complete the registration form. During application process a user [is required to] give[s] contact information (such as name and email address), physical address and credit card information for purposes of the transaction. We require this information because we will:
Contact the user about services on our site for which he has expressed interest; and
Process orders submitted by our users
Information Use
Information provided to SelectBlinds.com is not shared with any entities or parties who are not specifically in the business of providing our products. Your information will not be sold, shared or otherwise distributed to anyone other than our blind fabricators who require this shared information for purposes of shipping your product. We understand and value the need for privacy with financial and personal information, and guard such data with the utmost care.
Login Via Facebook
SelectBlinds.com provides the option of enabling users to login through Facebook. SelectBlinds.com may receive personal information about the user that’s in accordance with the terms and conditions of the social networking site. We will collect your first/last name and email credentials only, and use this information to verify your identity during account setup. You may also have the ability to modify your Facebook privacy settings to control what is shared through the app.
Log Files
Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Special Offers and Updates
We send all new members a welcoming email to verify password and username. Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see the opt-out options at the bottom of all such communications.
Newsletter
If a user wishes to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. Out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.
Service Announcements
On rare occasions it is necessary to send out a strictly service related announcement. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance we might send users an email. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature. [Users may opt-out of these communications. Please see our Choice and Opt-out section.]
Customer Service
We communicate with users on a regular basis to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account we reply via email or phone, in accordance with the users wishes
Legal Disclaimer
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.
Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers on occasion, to accurately depict the number of users on our site, the average traffic and/or usage statistics of the SelectBlinds.com site, and other relevant information. This information is used to evaluate the viability and performance of www.SelectBlinds.com. This is not linked to any personally identifiable information.
Third Party Advertisers
SelectBlinds.com shares Web site usage information about users with a reputable third party (such as Google, AOL, MSN and Yahoo) for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites.
Remarketing/Retargeting
Third party vendors, including Google, show Select Blinds' ads on sites on the internet.
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to our family of websites.
Users may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page . (Alternatively you can opt out of a third party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page .)
Business Transitions
In the event SelectBlinds.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, being acquired by another company, or selling a portion of its assets, users' personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Users will be notified via email AND prominent notice on the www.SelectBlinds.com web site for thirty (30) days prior to a change of ownership or control of their personal information. If as a result of the business transition, the users' personally identifiable information will be used in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection they will be given choice consistent with our notification of changes section.
Choice/Opt-out
Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter and/or announcements and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by selecting "unsubscribe" at the bottom of any e-mail and following the directions.
Users of our site are always notified when their information is being collected by any outside parties. We do this so our users can make an informed choice as to whether or not they should proceed with services that require an outside party.
Links
This Web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, SelectBlinds.com, are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used/shared with the contest or survey sponsors to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site. Users' personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users' personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Security
This Web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or bank check number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just 'surfing'.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to user information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every 6 months, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' information is protected. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.
If users have any questions about the security at our Web site, users can send an email to contact@selectblinds.com .
Supplementation of Information
In order for this Web site to properly fulfill its obligation to users it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from 3rd party sources.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users' personally identifiable information. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support at contact@selectblinds.com . Or, contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our Web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices.
Samples Policy
Please be sure to order samples before placing your order. Monitor colors vary dramatically by manufacturer and lighting environment you're in. For this reason, we cannot honor our satisfaction guarantee on colors for those who did not previously order color samples.
Due to the variances in the wood's natural color, grain, etc. each dye lot will vary for any of the stained wood products. These variances are minimal, but there is no way to assure the exact color of stained wood blinds. If you are ordering multiple blinds we strongly recommend that you order all of them at the same time to ensure they come from the same dye lot and will match one another. Sample colors may also vary slightly as our samples may come from different dye lots than the blinds you receive. To ensure you have the correct dye lot, samples should be ordered within a 90-day time frame prior to purchase.
When ordering samples to be sent overnight, cutoff will be 12 p.m. Mountain Standard Time, Monday thru Friday. Orders placed after 12 p.m. Mountain Standard Time on Friday will ship the following business day. No orders will be shipped on weekends. Sample requests with overnight shipping selected will be delivered on the next business day.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
Mailing Address:
Warranty
Buy 3 Get 1 Free on Good Housekeeping Products Disclaimer
*Buy 3 Get 1 Free is not available with any other promotions going on the site. You must have at least 4 Good Housekeeping products to qualify for the promotion.
Delivery by Thanksgiving or It's Free
Guaranteed Delivery Sale Ended at 11:59 PM on 11/05/2017
Products (excluding shutters) ordered 11/6/17 - 11/8/17 with standard shipping are more than likely to be delivered by Thanksgiving. Products (excluding shutters) ordered 11/9/17 - 11/12/17 with 2nd day shipping are more than likely to be delivered by Thanksgiving.
Excludes out-of-stock and back-ordered items. Please note: It is possible for an item to become back-ordered or out of stock after an order has been placed. We will notify you within two (2) business days from the date of your order if an item does become back ordered or is out of stock. 
Excludes closeout products, all shutters, specialty shapes, orders with special instructions, oversize items (products over 90” wide) and orders with more than 20 units.
Every effort will be made to deliver necessary remakes of any eligible product on or before Thanksgiving. However, there will be no refunds for remakes that cannot be delivered by the guarantee date. 
Shipping includes the continental U.S. only. Please note that delivery by second-day air may not be available for all eligible products or in all areas.
Please note: Delivery by Thanksgiving does not include unforeseen events, inclement weather, or other acts of God that may prevent UPS or FedEx from delivering on time.
Attempted delivery by Thanksgiving constitutes delivery. Delivery confirmation will be provided by shipper (UPS or FedEx). If shipper attempts delivery by guaranteed date but shipment cannot be accepted by that date, no refunds on eligible product will be given. 
Additional products excluded from this promotion:
1" Premium Aluminum Blinds
Signature 2" Pleated Shade
Signature 1" Pleated Shade
Premium Fabric Vertical Blinds
Premium Plus Roman Shades
1" Signature Aluminum Blinds
2" Select Classic Basswood Wood Blinds
2" Premium Faux Wood Blinds
Select Classic Light Filtering Roller Shades
Select Classic Room Darkening Roller Shades
2" Signature Wood Blinds
Signature Smooth Vertical Blinds
Designer Fabric Vertical Blinds
Select Textured Vertical Blinds
Premium Textured Vertical Blinds
Designer Vertical Blinds
Designer Series Light Filtering Roman Shades
Designer Series Blackout Roman Shades
Designer Reserve Light Filtering Roman Shades
Designer Reserve Blackout Roman Shades
Designer Series Light Filtering Roller Shades
Designer Series Blackout Roller Shades
Designer Series Woven Woods Shades
Designer Series Modern Solar Screen
Designer Series Fashion Solar Screen
Delivery by Christmas
Order Now for Delivery by Christmas
Products (excluding shutters & drapery) ordered 11/14/17 - 12/10/17 with standard shipping are more than likely to be delivered by Christmas. Products (excluding shutters & drapery) ordered 12/11/17 - 12/13/17 with 2nd day shipping are more than likely to be delivered by Christmas.
Excludes out-of-stock and back-ordered items. Please note: It is possible for an item to become back-ordered or out of stock after an order has been placed. We will notify you within two (2) business days from the date of your order if an item does become back ordered or is out of stock. 
Excludes closeout products, all shutters, specialty shapes, orders with special instructions, oversize items (products over 90” wide) and orders with more than 20 units.
Every effort will be made to deliver necessary remakes of any eligible product on or before Christmas. However, there will be no refunds for remakes that cannot be delivered by the guarantee date. 
Shipping includes the continental U.S. only. Please note that delivery by second-day air may not be available for all eligible products or in all areas.
Please note: Delivery by Christmas does not include unforeseen events, inclement weather, or other acts of God that may prevent UPS or FedEx from delivering on time.
Attempted delivery by Christmas constitutes delivery. Delivery confirmation will be provided by shipper (UPS or FedEx). If shipper attempts delivery by guaranteed date but shipment cannot be accepted by that date, no refunds on eligible product will be given. 
Products excluded from Delivery by Christmas promotion:
1" Signature Aluminum Blinds
Signature 2" Faux Wood Blinds & 2" Premium Faux Wood Blinds
2" Signature Wood Blinds & 2" Select Classic Basswood Wood Blinds
Select Classic Light Filtering Roller Shades & Select Classic Room Darkening Roller Shades
Signature Smooth Vertical Blinds, Designer Fabric Vertical Blinds, Premium Faux Wood Vertical Blinds, Select Textured Vertical Blinds, Premium Textured Vertical Blinds, Select Faux Wood Vertical Blinds, Designer Vertical Blinds, & Signature Basic Fabric Vertical Blinds
Signature Basic Solid Light Filtering Roman Shades, Signature Basic Solid Blackout Roman Shades, Select Light Filtering Roman Shades, Select Blackout Roman Shades, Premium Light Filtering Roman Shades, & Premium Blackout Roman Shades
Free Shipping on Everything
Stay Connected
WEB1
Current Time: 9/13/2018 5:30:11 PM
8am–4pm PDT Saturday/Sunday Text/SMS not available on all devices | Data rates may apply
No thanks . I'm closing the window on this opportunity.
We're serious about your privacy.  Learn how we protect it here
Let's get started on selecting your new window treatments!
