Maintenance: The account sign-in portion of our site will be unavailable Saturday, Sept. 15, from 7:30 to 9:30 p.m. while we perform maintenance.
Privacy Policy & Security
Portland General Electric Co. believes the confidentiality of customer information is extremely important.
We value our customer relationships and recognize that when you provide personal information, you trust us to protect your privacy. For that reason, we have adopted this policy governing the use of information gathered on our website.
What personal information do we collect?
PGE collects anonymous, aggregate information from all visitors to our website. This type of information is not linked to personally-identifiable information and is used to generate statistical reports about the general use of our website.
We store information that we collect through log files to create a profile of our users. Log files record internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We use this data to analyze trends, administer the website, track customer movement through the site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. A profile is a set of stored information detailing how individual customers use the website. It is used to help us improve the experience of our customers and maintain a better website.
As a visitor to this website, your identity will remain anonymous unless you register for online account services, enter a sweepstakes or enroll in a program. In such cases you will be notified that personal information, such as your name, address, phone number and email address, is required. We may use this information, along with third party sources, to provide information to PGE based on your preferences. We may tie personally identifiable information to your profile to  statistically analyze website usage; to improve our content and product offerings; and to customize our website’s content, layout and services. We may also use such information to deliver content to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as banners and messages concerning new programs, services, promotions and events. In addition, this information may be used to provide email messages suited to your needs and interests. See “email communications to customers” below for opt-out instructions.
If you are starting a new electric service account, we will ask for additional personal information for credit verification and security purposes only. This information will be used to provide a requested service, to facilitate purchases and to provide you with email communications. See “email communications to customers” below for opt-out instructions.
If you choose to use our service to share pages on our site with a friend, we will ask you to provide your friend’s email address. We will automatically send a one-time email to your friend with the requested information. PGE does not store this information.
PGE will not sell or rent the information collected at this site to any party or share it in ways different from those disclosed in this statement.
How can you update the online services information you have provided?
You can make changes to your online account information, including your profile, by visiting the Update Your Information section of the site.
If you no longer wish to access your account online, you can cancel your online membership by following the instructions located under Cancel Your Online Services .
Email communications
Online account emails: We send registered customers emails related to their PGE electric service and their online account. These may include welcome messages, online transaction confirmations, customer service notices and messages required by the Oregon Public Utility Commission. Generally, customers may not opt-out of these communications. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your account.
Other email communications: By establishing service online or by registering for a PGE online account, you agree to receive the following types of email communications: newsletters and occasional emails related to your PGE service, including information on energy efficiency, safety and outages, surveys and promotions. You may opt out of specific types of email communications at any time using the Manage Subscriptions and Unsubscribe links provided at the bottom of each email message.
Participants in PGE programs may receive occasional email communications about them. You may opt out of these communications at any time by unsubscribing from all email communications using the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email.
How do we use cookies
A cookie is a small text file stored on your computer by a Web site to give you a unique numeric ID. PGE does not track any personal information through the use of cookies. PGE uses cookies to:
Indicate whether you are signed in as a registered user of the website.
Enhance your privacy and security while doing business with PGE. If you step away from your computer or don’t sign out, you will be signed out automatically after 10 idle minutes.
Ensure your website experience will not be disrupted if a load-balancing server is down or busy.
Activate the “Remember me” feature. If you check this box when logging into your account, it stores your email address and preferences on your computer so the information is provided automatically when you log in.
In addition, PGE has hired third parties that use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these third-party cookies.
A survey vendor uses these cookies to conduct visitor surveys:
A session-level cookie placed on survey respondents’ browsers tracks how many pages a particular visitor has passed over. Session-level cookies are automatically deleted at the end of a session. This technique ensures that a visitor has sufficiently browsed the site in order to adequately answer the survey and prevents anyone from getting a survey more than once in a single session.
A persistent cookie tracks whether a particular respondent has seen the PGE website survey, so that person won't be bothered with it again. No personal information is tracked with this persistent cookie, nor are visitors tracked once they have left the PGE website.
At this time, the Website does not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, such as "do not track" instructions, however, You can generally express your privacy preferences regarding the use of most cookies and similar technologies though your web browser. In most instances, you can configure your browser to reject cookies or to be notified of cookies you receive and choose to accept or not. Note that if you configure your browser to reject cookies, you might not be able to access important functions or areas of the website or enjoy certain conveniences of this website.
Another third-party vendor uses cookies for the following functions in our Investor Relations section:
The session cookie determines the last visit date, which changes the content on the “What’s New” page.
The identity cookie represents a user who has entered personal information and has clicked the “remember me” option. The cookie contains the user’s first name, last name and investor type. This cookie improves server performance by minimizing database look ups for pages that display “Welcome John Smith.” These cookies are tied to personally identifiable information.
The recipient cookie is a “logged in” cookie and allows the user to change their contact information and email alerts. The only way to create this cookie is to click on an email confirmation link that is sent to verify the authenticity of the person requesting email alerts.
The briefcase cookie allows the user to add documents to his or her briefcase for later downloading.
The opt-out cookie allows users to opt out of using cookies to store information.
Release of information
PGE has agreements with other local utility companies to share customer information for credit purposes only. We have established security procedures to ensure that information is being shared only with authorized utility representatives.
Occasionally, we may hire third parties to act on our behalf for activities such as market research surveys, billing, technical support, contest entry processing and to provide energy management services. These parties will not be permitted to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing their specific services, and they are not permitted to disclose, transfer or sell personally identifiable information.
At the direction of the Oregon Public Utility Commission, PGE shares selected customer information with Energy Trust of Oregon. This information is used for designing, evaluating and improving Energy Trust services for energy efficiency and renewable energy systems and for marketing purposes. Energy Trust is obligated under OPUC regulations to protect PGE customer information, including name, address and energy-use history, and keep it confidential. Learn more at PortlandGeneral.com/DataShare or PortlandGeneral.com/DataShareBusiness .
Other than the ways mentioned above, we will not release personally identifiable information to third parties without permission from the customer, unless we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or legal process, (2) protect and defend our rights or property, (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our customers or the public.
Security
We understand that online security is very important to our customers. Our website uses a variety of protection products including, but not limited to firewalls, digital certificates, authentication procedures, intrusion detection and Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities.
As an added security measure, we encourage you to sign out of the interactive portion of our website when you have finished your session. You will automatically be logged off an interactive session after 10 minutes of inactivity.
Links to Other Websites
This website contains links to other websites. PGE is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these other websites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our website and to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by PGE.
Contact information
We welcome your questions and comments on this policy. Email PGE Customer Service or call 800-542-8818. The address for PGE headquarters is 121 SW Salmon St., Portland, OR 97204.
Notification of changes
The privacy policy was effective as of Jan. 10, 2003, and last updated Dec. 14, 2015. Due to the rapidly evolving technologies on the Internet, this policy may be updated. All revisions will be posted to this site. If, in the unlikely event we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner substantially different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users by posting a notice on our website for 30 days before the new use takes effect.
