The TRICARE Autism Care Demonstration (ACD) covers Applied Behavior Analysis (ABA) services for all eligible TRICARE beneficiaries diagnosed with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD). Learn more
Humana Military internet privacy
At Humana Military we are committed to maintaining the highest level of confidentiality regarding all of the information we receive from our policy owners, including the information obtained from this website.
Commitment to confidentiality
This privacy policy applies to HumanaMilitary.com and Humana-Military.com, owned and operated by Humana, Inc. (‘Humana’). This privacy policy describes how Humana collects and uses the personal information you provide on our websites:  HumanaMilitary.com and Humana-Military.com (‘Humana Military’). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
TRUSTe privacy seal
Humana has received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal  signifying that this privacy statement and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal.
The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Website, HumanaMilitary.com and Humana-Military.com and does not cover information that may be collected through our mobile applications. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact TRUSTe at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
Third party links
As you navigate through our website, you will find links to other sites. Inclusion of these links does not imply endorsement by our website, or by Humana Military. You are encouraged to look for and review the privacy policies of any site visited since links found located outside the secured section of our site are provided for convenience purposes only.
Humana Military has partnered with third parties and provides linkage to specific sites that offer you additional information and services. In order to access these sites, you must register for and log-in to the Self-Service Center portion of our site. These sites are usually co-branded, meaning that you may see both the Humana Military logo and the third parties logo within these third party sites. Users of these sites will be made aware of who is collecting personal information, along with the specific privacy policy that applies to that site prior to providing personal information. Humana Military does not have control over our third party partner’s use of your information.
Personal Identifiable Information (PII)
Personally Identifiable Information is described as data that is unique to an individual, such as a name, address, telephone number, social security number, date of birth (DOB), email, health or medical history, etc. De-identified data is not considered PII.
PII collected on our site
A “user” can be placed into one of four categories on our website, therefore, PII collection is dependent on which category the user is placed into. The categories include 1) DOD, 2) Provider, 3) Beneficiary and 4) Business Partner.
At times, we may request personal information from you through our sites in order to deliver requested materials to you, respond to your questions, or deliver a product or service. Members, physicians, and government partners have the ability to register in a secured area of our website in order for us to deliver such products or services. Additional information collected by these sites may include organization names, addresses, group numbers and tax identification numbers. The purpose of the registration is to validate members, providers and government partners requesting access to our secured area. The registration also enables us to tailor the information sent to you. Contact forms are used only to deliver requested materials and respond to your questions.
There are instances in which Humana Military might internally use the personal information you voluntarily submit, such as identifying and registering you for the Self-Service Center portion of our site. In addition, we may disclose your personal information (as described below) to our agents, third party partners, affiliates and subsidiaries to enable them to perform certain functions for us. These include WPS, Department of Defense, Availity and Defense Health Agency personnel. We may use an outside shipping company to fulfill orders, an email service provider, and a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Humana Military will not sell, trade, rent or disclose the personal information that you provide unless you authorize us to do so or required to do so by law.
There are instances in which Humana Military may disclose website user's personal information to our agents, third-party partners, affiliates, and subsidiaries to enable them to perform functions on our behalf. These companies are only permitted to share, store and/or use personal information for contracted business purposes.
Single sign-on
You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as DS Logon (DoD Self-Service Logon or DSL). These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form.
To opt in and opt out
Users are automatically in an “opt-out” status unless they choose to “opt in” by providing the information requested on the website and requesting a password. Once users have chosen to “opt-in” the only way they can “opt-out” is by deactivating the account. To deactivate your account call 1-800-444-5445.
Access and choice
As a registered user of the self-services center portion of our site, you have the option to change your password and email address after you log-in. In case you forget or misplace your password, we will use your reminder question and answer to identify you in order to provide this information to you. You may also access, supplement or amend user-provided PII and PHI through your on-line profile or by emailing our Customer Support at  HMHSMarketingFeedback@humana.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.  We will respond to your request to access within 30 days. Limitations regarding amendment deletion or removal of information include; (1) User ID 2) Password 3) Password Reminder Question and 4) email address.
We will retain your information for as long as your  account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Tracking technologies
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Humana Military and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
We use cookies for authentication (to remember users’ settings - e.g. language preference). Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited.
Local storage - HTML5
We and third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use Local Storage such as HTML 5 storage to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 Local Storage.
Passive collection
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the site.
Humana Military will not use any form of spy ware on its website(s).
Legal disclaimers
In certain situations, Humana may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
Personally Identifiable Information provided to Humana Military may be subject to disclosure to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, court orders or any other legal process. Humana Military reserves the right to disclose the personally identifiable information that was provided by you, as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website.  If Humana Military is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets,  you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information
Internal security procedures
Security measures within our site are in place to protect against the loss, misuse and/or unauthorized alteration of all sensitive  information voluntarily supplied by using encryption technology, including Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). This technology encrypts (encoded) sensitive  information as it passes from your browser to our servers. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Only authorized persons who have a need to know and are Humana Military associates with appropriate security clearance are permitted to access your personal information. They must abide by security, privacy and confidentiality agreements. However, the nature of the Internet prevents us from guaranteeing the confidentiality of information we receive through the site or via email. Therefore, you may contact us instead by US Mail or via telephone on our toll-free number at 1-800-444-5445.
Email
By providing an email address, you are indicating that publications can be sent to your email address. You are not required at any time to submit your email address for the purpose of receiving recurring informational/promotional emails from Humana Military and/or third parties. You may opt out of receiving publications via email by changing your Communication Preferences located within our website or by contacting Customer Service by US Mail or via telephone on our toll-free number at 1-800-444-5445.
Humana Military may use email to communicate with you from time to time. However, these email communications will never include your confidential Personal Health Information. Humana Military also strongly suggests that you never include any confidential information should you ever attempt to contact us via email. In the event you do attempt to send us a question, comment and/or job inquiry; we will share your correspondence with our Customer Service representatives and those employees or agents most capable of addressing your questions and concerns. Ultimately, we will either discard your communication or, in some cases, archive it. Your email address will not be retained for secondary purposes.
California privacy law
Residents of the State of California, under certain provisions of the California Civil Code, have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third-parties to which the company has disclosed certain personally identifiable information as defined under California law during the preceding year for third-party direct marketing purposes. You are limited to one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. You may request the information in writing by contacting the Humana's Government Business Privacy Office, PO Box 740062, Louisville, KY 40202.
Children's privacy
This website is not intended for use by children under the age of 18.
Internet privacy statement changes
This Internet Privacy Statement is effective as of July 2000 and was last updated in December 2017. This internet privacy statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.
If we decide to make any material change to this website's privacy practices, we will post those changes to this internet privacy statement, the home page, and other places that we deem appropriate prior to the change becoming effective.  Humana Military wants you to be aware of what information is being collected, how the information is being used, and under what circumstances, if any, the information may be disclosed. Humana reserves the right to modify this internet privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently.
Copyright
Copyright and other laws protect all information, content and all other materials offered through the website. You may not copy or distribute any of these materials without prior written consent from Humana Military. However, you may print a single copy of the information contained on this site so long as you use these materials for personal, non-commercial use only.
The Humana Military website is maintained by Humana Military, 500 West Main Street, Louisville, KY 40202.
