1001-H
This Privacy Policy is intended to help you better understand how we, SunFrog, collect, use and store your personal information—whether you are an artist/marketing that uses SunFrog’s Website, products, applications or services (together, the “Services”), a buyer that shops on our site, or whether you’re simply visiting this website. By using any of SunFrog’s Services you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and, as applicable, the SunFrog Terms of Service.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our privacy practices or for other operational, legal, or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will give you notice of such changes by posting the revised policy on this Website, and where appropriate, by other means. By continuing to use this Website or the Support Service after these changes are posted, you agree to the revised policy.
2. Information from Artists/Marketers
What information do we collect from merchants and why?
We collect your name, address, email address, phone number(s) and payment details (for example, your credit card information or baking wire information).
We use this information to provide you with our Services; for example, to confirm your identity, contact you, provide you with advertising and marketing, and remit payments to you on commissions you’ve earned. We also use this information to make sure that we comply with legal requirements.
We collect data about the pages that you visit. We also collect data about how and when you access your account and the SunFrog platform, including information about the device and browser you use, your network connection, your IP address, and information about how you browse through the SunFrog interface.
We use this information to give you access to and improve our Services; for example, to make our platform interface easier to use. Finally, we may use this information to provide you with advertising or marketing.
We use this information to provide you with payments services, including fraud and risk monitoring, and to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.
We use this information to provide you with our Services and so that we can process orders and better serve your buyers.
We use some of the personal information you provide us to conduct some level of automated decision-making -- for example, we use certain personal information to help us screen accounts for risk or fraud concerns.
We will also use personal information in other cases where you have given us your express permission.
When do we collect this information?
We collect personal information when you sign up for our Services, when you access our Services or otherwise provide us with the information.
We also partner with third parties who provide us information about merchants or prospective merchants, for example to help us screen out merchants associated with fraud.
When and why do we share this information with third parties? We work with a variety of third parties and service providers to help provide you with our Services and we may share personal information with them to support these efforts.
We may also share your information in the following circumstances:
to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or any other agreement related to the Services, or as otherwise required by law.
to help us conduct marketing and/or advertising campaigns.
to conform to legal requirements, or to respond to lawful court orders, subpoenas, warrants, or other requests by public authorities (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Personal information may also be shared with a company that acquires our business, whether through merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or other similar transaction or proceeding. If this happens, we will post a notice on our home page.
We will always ask for your consent before sharing your personal information with third parties for purposes other than those described in this Section 7.
3. Information from buyers
What information do we collect from buyers and why?
We collect buyers’ name, email, shipping and billing address, payment details, phone number, IP address, information about orders you initiate, and information about the device and browser you use.
We use this information to support and process orders, and for risk and fraud screening, authentication, and payments. We also use this information to improve our Services.
We use some of the personal information you provide us to conduct some level of automated decision-making -- for example, we use certain personal information (for example, ip addresses or payment information) to automatically block certain potentially fraudulent transactions for a short period of time.
When do we collect this information?
We collect this information when you use or place an order on the site.
Additionally, we partner with third parties who provide us information about buyers, for example to help us screen out merchants associated with fraud.
When and why do we share this information with third parties?
SunFrog works with a variety of third parties and service providers and we may share personal information with them to support these efforts.
We may also share your information in the following circumstances:
to prevent, investigate, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Service or any other agreement related to the Services, or as otherwise required by law.
to conform to legal requirements, or to respond to lawful court orders, subpoenas, warrants, or other requests by public authorities (including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
Personal information may also be shared with a company that acquires our business or the business of a merchant whose store you visit or access, whether through merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or other similar transaction or proceeding. If this happens, we will post a notice on our home page.
4. Information from SunFrog website visitors and support users
What information do we collect and why?
As you visit or browse the SunFrog website, we collect information about the device and browser you use, your network connection, your IP address, and information about the cookies installed on your device.
From telephone support users, we collect your phone number, call audio, and other personal information you provide us during our call. We may request additional documentation from you during our call to verify your identity.
When do we collect this information?
We collect this information when you visit the SunFrog website, use Services offered on our websites or engage with us either by email, web form, or phone. We also collect any additional information that you might provide to us.
5. Information from cookies and similar tracking technologies
What is a cookie? A cookie is a small amount of data, which may include a unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. We assign a different cookie to each device that accesses our website.
Why does SunFrog use cookies and similar tracking technology?
We use cookies to recognize your device and provide you with a personalized experience on our websites, or otherwise through the Services. We also use cookies as part of the Services, for example to operate the shopping cart.
We also use cookies to serve targeted ads from third-party vendors such as Google, Facebook, and Bing.
Our third-party advertising partners use cookies to track your prior visits to our websites and elsewhere on the Internet in order to serve you targeted ads. For more information about targeted or behavioral advertising, please visithttps://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising.
Opting out: You can opt out of targeted ads served via specific third party vendors by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Opt-Out page.
We may also use web beacons, tracking technology and other automated tracking methods on our websites, in communications with you, and in our products and services, to measure performance and engagement.
Please note that because there is no consistent industry understanding of how to respond to “Do Not Track” signals, we do not alter our data collection and usage practices when we detect such a signal from your browser.
6. What do we do with your personal information when you terminate your relationship with us?
In general, we will continue to store archived copies of your personal information for legitimate business purposes and to comply with the law, except when we receive a valid erasure request or, if you are an artist/marketer, you terminate your account and your information is purged pursuant to our standard process.
We will continue to store anonymous or anonymized information, such as website visits, without identifiers, in order to improve our Services.
7. What we don’t do with your personal information
We do not and will never share, disclose, sell, rent, or otherwise provide personal information to other companies for the marketing of their own products or services.
8. How do we keep your personal information secure?
We follow industry standards on information security management to safeguard sensitive information, such as financial information, intellectual property, employee details and any other personal information entrusted to us. Our information security systems apply to people, processes and information technology systems on a risk management basis.
We perform annual audits to ensure our handling of your credit card information aligns with industry guidelines. We are certified as a PCI DSS Level 1 compliant service provider, which is the highest level of compliance available, and our platform is audited annually by a third-party qualified security assessor.
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your personal information.
9. Residents of the European Economic Area (“EEA”)
SunFrog works with artists/marketers and users around the world, including in the EEA. If you are located in the EEA, you have certain rights under European law with respect to your personal data, including the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data. If you wish to exercise these rights, please reach out to us using the contact information below. Additionally, if you are located in the EEA, we note that we are generally processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above, unless we are required by law to obtain your consent for a particular processing operation.
10. How do we protect your personal information across borders?
While SunFrog is a United States company, we provide services to individuals and our technology processes data from users around the world. Accordingly, SunFrog may transmit your personal information outside of the country, state, or province in which you are located.
11. Control over and access to your personal information
SunFrog understands that you have rights over your personal information, and takes reasonable steps to allow you to access, correct, amend, delete, port, or limit the use of your personal information. If you are an artist/marketer, you can update many types of personal information, such as payment or contact information, directly within your account settings. If you are unable to change your personal information within your account settings, or if you are concerned about data collected as you visit SunFrog’s website or use our support services, please contact us to make the required changes. It’s important to remember that if you delete or limit the use of your personal information, the Services may not function properly.
If you have any questions about your personal information or this policy, or if you would like to make a complaint about how SunFrog processes your personal data, please contact SunFrog by email at legal@sunfrog.com or by using the contact details below:
Attn: SunFrog Privacy Officer
1782 O’Rourke Blvd.
Be the first to know about new designs & special offers!
