1.1. PURPOSE OF POLICY. _ _[Name of website operator]_ _ (“us,” “we,” or “Company”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (the “Site”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (this “Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. You can rest assured that your transactional information is secure, consistent with current industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. This Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Policy.
1.2. NOTICE CONCERNING CHILDREN
PLEASE NOTE: We are a general audience site, and do not direct any of our content specifically at children under 13 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we learn or have reason to suspect that a Site user is under age 13, we will promptly delete any personal information in that user’s account.
2. INFORMATION COLLECTION PRACTICES
2.1. WHAT BASIC INFORMATION DOES THE COMPANY COLLECT?
When visiting our site and/or placing an order, you will be asked to make an account with us and input personal data such as your name, email address, telephone number, credit card information which are all used for: providing you with updates on the goods that you ordered, to process and ship your order, to send shipping confirmations, issue and process RMA numbers, conduct general customer service and notify you of new promotions and special offer.
2.2. WHAT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION DOES COMPANY COLLECT?
(a) AUTOMATIC COLLECTION. Our servers automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and IP addresses (the number assigned to computers on the Internet). No personal information about you is revealed in this process. The Site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer.
(b) COOKIES. We may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology assist us in gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the site, and understanding how visitors use the site. Cookies can also help customize the site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology, however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties for the purpose of providing you with relevant products and advertisements custom tailored to each visitor.
Cookies also allow us to store items in your shopping cart if you leave without checking out and display items that you have recently viewed. Most browsers allow you the option of disabling cookies, but we recommend that you keep it “turned on” to better assist you with your shopping. The information collected is only used to better serve your buying needs and ease your shopping experience with us online.
3. USE AND SHARING OF INFORMATION
3.1. WHAT DOES COMPANY DO WITH COLLECTED INFORMATION?
(a) PERSONAL INFORMATION. We maintain special relationships with a number of secure third party partners. For your security or benefit, when you make a purchase, we may share information about you and the transaction with other companies for many reasons including verification, fraud prevention, credit card authorization, US Government policy compliance and shipping purposes. We may share account or other information when we are required by law (e.g., in response to subpoenas, court orders, etc.) or to protect our interests or property. This may include sharing information, at our discretion, with other companies, lawyers, credit bureaus, agents or government agencies in connection with issues related to export compliance, fraud, credit or debt collection.
(b) You agree that we may use personal information provided by you in order to conduct appropriate anti-fraud and export compliance checks. Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference, fraud prevention agency or US Government agency, which may keep a record of that information. We also shares information with outside companies that perform services for us. We will provide the customers e-mail address to third party e-mail distribution companies that transmit e-mails on our behalf. Your e-mail address will not be used by these companies for any purpose other than for the transmission of e-mails for us.
(c) We may retain outside companies to assist us in managing our customer information database or to update and correct customer information for future marketing purposes. We take steps to ensure the confidentiality of your information and to make sure it is not used for other purposes.
(d) ANONYMOUS INFORMATION. We use anonymous information to analyze our Site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information. In addition, we may use anonymous IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our site, or to display the content according to your preferences. Traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
(e) SALE OF INFORMATION. In order to accommodate changes in our business, we may sell or buy portions of our company or other companies or assets, including the information collected through this Web site. If Company or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer. None of your credit card information is stored in any way on our site. When completing the checkout process, you will have an option to save your method of payment for future purchases. If you choose to save your payment information, a profile that includes billing, payment and shipping information will be created on a third party PCI DSS compliant payment processor. Each profile is stored on their secure servers and assigned an ID that is used in place of all customer information. Each customer profile can include up to 10 payment profiles.
4. SECURITY
The Site has security measures in place to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information that we obtain from you, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse, to you or to any third party arising out of any such loss, misuse, or alteration.
5. WEBSITE AREAS BEYOND COMPANY’S CONTROL
5.1. PUBLIC FORUMS
The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards and chat rooms. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
5.2. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
The Site may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the privacy policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
6. CONTACT INFORMATION AND POLICY UPDATES
6.1. CONTACTING US
If you have any questions about this Policy, our practices related to this Site, or if you would like to have us remove your information from our database please feel contact us by email at info@coldfixnow.com and include your name, address, and relevant information, and indicate “Do not mail”. We will never SPAM or send unsolicited materials based on information collected at our site. Registrants may opt out of receiving materials from us at any time by contacting us with such request.
6.2. UPDATES AND CHANGES
We reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms. By using this site, you are agreeing to allow us access to your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
7. RETURN POLICY
We are so confident that you’ll love Cold-Fix that we will happily refund your money in full if you are not satisfied for any reason. All you need to do is send us back the box with proof of purchase within 30 days of the purchase date.
