Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Please note a separate privacy policy covering our software products can be viewed here .
Last Modified: 30th April 2015
This is a web site of Turbosoft Pty Ltd.
At Turbosoft Pty Ltd, we take your privacy very seriously and strive to be transparent about data that we collect. This privacy policy applies to our web sites.
Inquiries concerning this policy should be directed through our general email or directly to the company. Address and contact details can also be found on the Contact Details page.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes your IP-address, your browser, etc. It does not contain personal information (i.e. your name, email, address). The logfile and its data is used for statistics and security reasons. It is not made available to any third party.
We collect information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. This information is used to improve the content of our Web page, to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor. This information may be shared with other entities within Turbosoft, such as www.turbosoftnetworks.com , to help them contact consumers for marketing purposes. This information is NOT shared with third party organizations.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
This site makes use of cookies through the Google Adwords program in order to measure the performance of our advertising.
If you'd like to know more please click here to read Google's privacy policy and information on site statistics tracking.
It is Turbosoft's policy to treat information, such as contact details, supplied to us as confidential. This information is used to enable us to provide a better service to you, our customers. We undertake not to sell this information to third parties (i.e. your email address will NOT be sold).
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us via the methods outlined above. Contact details can be found here .
Copyright notice
Unless otherwise noted, all content of this website is ©Copyright Turbosoft Pty Ltd. and may not be reproduced or redistributed without the express written consent of Turbosoft Pty Ltd. All rights reserved.
Follow Us
Quick Links
 Toll Free (Australia): 1800-628-646
