of the Website www.berettaheating.com
This Website collects some Personal Data of its users. Below you will find some brief and simple information about the processing of Personal Data acquired through this Website and the related App(s).
In any case, we invite you to read the complete Privacy Policy, available at  http://www.berettaheating.com/international/privacy-policy/extended .
DATA CONTROLLER
Riello S.p.A. 
DATA PROCESSED
Through the Website/App, Riello will be able to acquire some Personal Data of users like:
Name, surname, physical address, company where the user works, telephone number, email address and fax number, data regarding the user's geolocation, etc.
Identification data of navigation devices, IP address, log files, position data, etc.
PURPOSE
Provision of the service
User Data are used to allow authentication and access to services; to provide the requested information, articles or services; to obtain user position data.
Marketing
With the user's explicit consent, to advertise products, services, promotions and events related to Riello to improve our products, services, surveys, Websites and Apps and develop new offers.
Profiling
With the user's explicit consent, for automated analysis of user characteristics and behaviour to determine specific "profiles" and improve future content based on the interests of the individual user and those of users in general.
STORAGE AND DURATION OF THE PROCESSING
Riello stores users' Personal Data on secure servers (also through software called Dynamics CRM used by Riello on the basis of a licence) owned by Riello. The processing then take place at Riello's registered office.
However, Riello and its parent company United Technologies Corporation ("UTC") are global companies with locations in different countries, therefore the user's Personal Data may be transferred from one company to another or from one country to another to achieve the aforementioned purposes.
Riello stores users' Personal Data within the limits of the purposes above and exclusively for the period of time reasonably necessary for the fulfilment of said purposes. Specifically, once the relationship with the user has ceased, Riello will keep the Personal Data for a period of time that is reasonable and strictly necessary to comply with current civil, fiscal and financial legislation. After this period, the user's Personal Data will be deleted from all Riello systems.
RECIPIENTS
Personal Data are not disclosed to third parties, but only to specific categories of recipients, including:
Companies belonging to the parent company of UTC (United Technologies Corporation), and/or the companies that Riello controls through direct or indirect ownership.
Service providers, intermediaries, distributors, agents or contractors that Riello has selected to perform services on its behalf.
Judicial authorities, courts or other regulatory bodies or governmental authorities, where necessary. 
Transfers outside the EU: Personal Data may be transferred outside the European Union in compliance with current legislation, in particular by using standard contractual clauses (also known as template clauses).
RIGHTS
Receive confirmation of the existence of your Personal Data and request access to their content.
Completely or partially update, modify and/or correct your Personal Data.
Request complete or partial cancellation, transformation into anonymous form, blocking of your data processed in violation of the law.
Revoke the consent given even for just one of the purposes listed in the Notice.
Ask for the limiting of processing.
Oppose processing for legitimate reasons and make a complaint.
Receive a copy of the data provided and request that such data be submitted to another data controller.
To exercise one or more of the rights listed above, it is possible to send a specific request to Riello - privacy department:
at Riello - Legnago (VR, Italy), Via Ing. Pilade Riello 7.
or
DATA SOURCE
Personal Data are gathered directly from the interested party.
In some cases, however, the Personal Data of users could be gathered by Riello through, for example, partners and/or agents and representatives when submitting offers, order confirmations, transmission and reception of data in general and/or when making contact in any way.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
The complete policy and other information on the processing of Personal Data are available here  http://www.berettaheating.com/privacy-policy/extended .
We never sell or rent Users' Personal Data for any reason. The only uses of Personal Data are those specified in the complete Privacy Policy. Users are the sole owners of their Personal Data and may request their modification or deletion at any time.
Our Websites and Apps are intended for users 18 or older or who are adults in their jurisdiction of residence. If not in compliance with the Personal Data requirements specified above, do not enter your Personal Data in this or other Riello Websites or Apps.
The latest update is dated  18/05/2018.
However, the Privacy Policy may be subject to updates. We invite users to regularly review this Privacy Policy. Substantial changes will be specified at the beginning of the Privacy Policy and, where necessary, you will be asked to provide new consent.
Beretta
Beretta - Via Risorgimento 23/A - 23900 Lecco - Italy - Phone: +39 0341-277111
Fax: +39 0341-277263 - E-mail: info@berettaboilers.com
