Toggle navigation menu
(Last Modified March 2017)
Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. and its affiliated companies (together, “Acorda” or “we”) recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of your personal information, and we have prepared this Privacy Policy to provide you with important information about our privacy practices.  This Privacy Policy applies when you use any website, application, or other online service that links to or refers to this Privacy Policy and that is owned and operated by Acorda (the “Services”).  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information collected through other websites or online services.
By using the Services, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to review the terms of our Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@acorda.com.
Information We Collect
We may collect personal information about our users in various ways. For example, we may collect information that you provide to us, information that we collect through your use of the Services, and information that we collect from publicly available sources or third parties.
Information You Provide to Us. In order to take advantage of certain Services or features offered or provided on the Services, you may be asked to provide personal information, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address and phone number. For example, we will collect certain personal information if you sign up to receive updates and newsletters, register for an event, send questions or comments to us via e-mail, or request information from us.We also may collect other information that you provide us or authorize us to access. For example, when you register a caregiver or other person for an event, we may collect the name, e-mail address, and any other information that you provide us.
Information About Use of the Services. We may collect information about your devices and information about your use of the Services and online activity.
We may collect information concerning your computer and other devices used to access the Services. For example, we may collect your IP address and other unique device identifiers, operating system version, hardware model, and settings of the device you use to access the Services. Depending on your permissions, we also may collect information that is stored on your device.
We also may collect information about the Services you use, your interactions with content offered through the Services, and other online activity. For example, we may collect information about how many visitors visit a specific page on the Services, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they click on. We collect this information, in part, through the use of technologies such as cookies and web beacons, which are discussed in greater detail below. We may also group this information into aggregate visitor data.
When you use location-enabled services, we also may collect specific location information drawn from your device’s GPS, Bluetooth, or WiFi signals.
Information From Third-Party Sources. We may receive information about you from publicly and commercially available sources, as permitted by law, which we may combine with other information we receive from or about you.
How We Use Information
To Provide and Manage the Services You Request. If you provide us with personal information, we will retain and use that information to provide you with the products or services you use or request. We may also use personal information to analyze, improve, and customize your experience with our products and services, including the Services.
To Contact You. We may use your personal information to respond to questions that you may submit to us via the Services or to communicate with you about our products, services, and promotions, such as e-mailing press releases, company announcements, and health and product related information. If you provide a resume to us through the Services, we may retain your resume in our files in order to contact you for current or future job openings.
To Better Understand Our Users. We may use information we gather to determine which areas of the Services are most frequently visited to understand how to enhance the Services.
To Deliver Targeted Advertising. We may use your information to facilitate the delivery of targeted ads, promotions, and offers to you, on behalf of ourselves and advertisers, on and off the Services. Please see Online Tracking and Advertising for further information about our and third parties’ use of tracking technologies to provide you relevant ads, as well as information about how to disable cookies and make other choices related to targeted advertising.
Sharing of Information
Except for the limited situations discussed in this Privacy Policy, we will not share your personal information with third parties.
Service Providers. We rely on third parties to perform a variety of services for us, such as sending postal mail and providing data analysis. To do so, we may need to provide your personal information to those businesses.
Other Parties When Required by Law or As Necessary to Protect Our Services. We reserve the right to disclose visitor information in cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other visitors, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. We also reserve the right to disclose visitor information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or when doing so is necessary to respond to a government request.
Other Parties in Connection With a Corporate Transaction. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event that we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition, or in connection with a bankruptcy reorganization.
Otherwise With Your Consent or At Your Direction. In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing.
We also may share other information with third parties in a manner that does not identify particular visitors, including, for example, aggregate information about how the Services are used.
Online Tracking & Advertising
We and third parties that provide content, advertising, or functionality on our Services may use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies to facilitate administration and navigation on the Services, to better understand and improve the Services, to provide you with a customized online experience, and to determine and/or improve the advertising shown to you here or elsewhere, including by combining information about your use of one device with information about your use of other devices. For example, these technologies help us determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before, tailor ads to you if you have visited our Services before, and avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. You can learn more about certain types of targeted advertising by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance .
Cookies. Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies may be used to store a unique identification number tied to your computer or device so that you can be recognized as the same user across one or more browsing sessions, and across one or more sites. Cookies serve many useful purposes. For example, some of the Services allow visitors to increase the font size of the text contained on the applicable Service to make it easier to read. Cookies enable the Service to automatically use your preferred font size the next time you visit the Service. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. Your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. For example, you may be able to configure your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. For more information about whether these settings are available, what they do, and how they work, visit your browser help material. Please be aware that some features of the Services may not function properly or may be slower if you disable cookies.
Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies. We, along with third parties, also may use other tracking technologies. For example, we may use technologies called web beacons (or “pixels”) that communicate information from your device to a server. Web beacons can be embedded in online content, videos, and emails, and can allow a server to read certain types of information from your device, know when you have viewed particular content or a particular email message, determine the time and date on which you viewed the web beacon, and the IP address of your device. We and third parties use web beacons for a variety of purposes, including to analyze the use of our Services and (in conjunction with cookies) to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.
Your Choices
E-mail Choices.If you have subscribed to our e-mail list and wish at any point to stop receiving commercial e-mails from us, simply follow the opt-out instructions that are included in each e-mail. If you have any questions relating to your choice to “opt-out” at any time, please Contact Us at the e-mail address or phone number provided below.
Additional Choices With Respect To Targeted Advertising In addition to disabling cookies as described above, you may be able to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from participating ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance .
Do Not Track Signals
Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals to the websites and other online services with which a user communicates. There is no industry standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals. If and when a standard is established and accepted, we may revisit our policy on responding to these signals.
Links to Other Sites
We provide links to websites or resources outside of our Services for your informational purposes only. These other sites may send their own cookies to you, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy or other practices of such sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information that you provide or is collected by such sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms and conditions on those linked sites.
Security
We have adopted physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to help protect against theft, loss, misuse, and unauthorized access to or disclosure of the information we collect and receive. However, please note that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 18 on the Services. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide any personal information to us. If you believe we have gathered your information in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, contact us at info@acorda.com.
Your California Privacy Rights
California residents are entitled once a year, free of charge, to request and obtain certain information regarding our disclosure, if any, of certain categories of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you are aware of our current privacy practices, although we may also elect to notify you by e-mail or by posting something on some or all of our Services. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes will mean you accept the Privacy Policy and any changes.
Contact Us
Any questions that you may have regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to info@acorda.com.
© 2017 Acorda Therapeutics, Inc. All rights reserved.
Text size
...
You are now leaving the Acorda.com site. By clicking "Ok", you will be leaving this website (sponsored by Acorda Therapeutics, Inc.) to enter an external and entirely independent website.
Acorda.com provides this link as a service and assumes no responsibility for any information presented on external websites.
Acorda has acquired Biotie Therapies. We invite you to explore www.acorda.com to learn more about our company, including our continued development of BIotie clinical programs for tozadenant, SYN120 and BTT1023. Information regarding transfers of value made to healthcare professionals and healthcare organizations in connection with Biotie’s clinical development programs is also available.
The website uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer. Some of these are essential to the site’s operation while others analyse how visitors use the site. These cookies are set by default but you can disable them or view more information about how they are used here . By clicking on continue you consent to our use of cookies.
