Last Updated Date: 10/26/2016
Airbnb (hereinafter referred to as “Airbnb“, “we“, “us” or “our“) operates this Airbnb Citizen website (formerly known as Airbnb Action) and the services available on, through or as a result of this website (collectively, the “Airbnb Citizen”). Airbnb operates Airbnb Citizen to provide community and organizing opportunities dedicated to advancing the sharing economy. Airbnb refers to Airbnb Inc. if you reside in the USA, and to Airbnb Ireland if you reside outside of the USA.
This Airbnb Community Website Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes how we use Personal Information that we collect through Airbnb Citizen. If you do not agree to any part of this Privacy Policy, then we cannot provide Airbnb Citizen to you, and you should stop accessing Airbnb Citizen.
This Privacy Policy applies only to Airbnb Citizen. Airbnb also maintains a Privacy Policy that governs all of its websites, including this Airbnb Citizen website, and mobile applications at https://www.airbnb.com/terms/privacy_policy (the “Airbnb Privacy Policy”). The Airbnb Privacy Policy is expressly incorporated herein by reference. To the extent the Airbnb Privacy Policy addresses an issue, practice, use of information, or disclosure of information not specifically addressed in this Privacy Policy, the Airbnb Privacy Policy shall control.
DEFINITIONS
Where the definition of a term does not appear in this Privacy Policy (such as “Airbnb account” etc.), it shall be given its definition as outlined in the Airbnb Terms of Service ( http://www.airbnb.com/terms ).
“Aggregated information” means information about all of our users or specific groups or categories of users that we combine together and which does not include the users’ Personal Information.
“Data Controller” means Airbnb, the company responsible for the use of and processing of Personal Information.
“Personal Information” means information relating to a living individual who is or can be identified either from that information or from that information in conjunction with other information that is in, or is likely to come into, the possession of the Data Controller.
WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION DOES AIRBNB GATHER ABOUT ITS USERS THROUGH THE AIRBNB COMMUNITY SERVICES?
1. Information that you give us
We receive, store and process information that you make available to us when accessing or using Airbnb Citizen. Examples include when you:
fill in any form on Airbnb Citizen, such as when you sign up for an event or sign up to receive emails, other correspondence, or telephone calls from us;
access or use Airbnb Citizen, such as to post comments or stories, sign petitions, or communicate with other Airbnb Citizen users;
sign up to attend events or other gatherings coordinated through Airbnb Citizen, in which case we may with your consentin our sole discretion and for any reason: (1) obtain, use, publicize or disclose photographs of such events or other gatherings; (2) receive and publish information related to the attendees of such events or other gatherings; and (3) obtain, use, publicize or disclose any messages regarding or related to such events or gatherings;
communicate with Airbnb online or in person.
2. Log Data
We may also receive, store and process “Log Data,” which is information that is automatically recorded by our servers whenever you access or use Airbnb Citizen, such as your IP Address, the date and time you access or use Airbnb Citizen, the hardware and software you are using, referring and exit pages and URLs, the number of clicks, pages viewed and the order of those pages, and the amount of time spent on particular pages.
3. Cookies, and other Tracking Technologies
Airbnb uses cookies and other similar technologies on Airbnb Citizen. We may also allow our business partners to use their cookies and other tracking technologies on Airbnb Citizen. As a result, when you access or use Airbnb Citizen, you will provide or make available certain information to us and to our business partners.
While you may disable the usage of cookies through your browser settings, we do not change our practices in response to a “Do Not Track” signal in the HTTP header from your browser or mobile application. We track your activities if you click on advertisements for Airbnb Citizen and/or Airbnb services on third party platforms such as search engines and social networks, and may use analytics to track what you do in response to those advertisements.
We may, either directly or through third party companies and individuals we engage to provide services to us, also continue to track your behavior on Airbnb Citizen for purposes of our own customer support, analytics, research, product development, fraud prevention, risk assessment, regulatory compliance, investigation, as well as to enable you to use and access Airbnb Citizen. We may also, either directly or through third party companies and individuals we engage to provide services to us, track your behavior on Airbnb Citizen to market and advertise our services to you on Airbnb Citizen and third party websites. Third parties that use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver targeted advertisements on Airbnb Citizen and/or third party websites may offer you a way to prevent such targeted advertisements by opting-out at the websites of industry groups such as the Network Advertising Initiative ( http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ ) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance ( http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ). You may also be able to control advertising cookies provided by publishers, for example Google’s Ad Preference Manager ( https://adssettings.google.com ). Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising regarding Airbnb Citizen– it just will not be tailored to your interests.
Third parties may not collect information about users’ online activities on Airbnb Citizen except as described in this policy and our Cookie Policy.
HOW AIRBNB USES AND PROCESSES THE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE OR MAKE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE AIRBNB COMMUNITY SERVICES
If you provide or make available information, including Personal Information, to us through Airbnb Citizen, we may (1) use that information to obtain other information about you from third-party sources that we will combine with your data; and (2) combine that information with other information maintained or collected by Airbnb and/or information Airbnb has obtained from third-party sources. Such combined data will be governed by this policy.
We use and process Information about you for the following general purposes:
To enable you to access and use Airbnb Citizen.
To operate, protect, improve and optimize Airbnb Citizen, Airbnb’s business, and our users’ experience, such as to advance community organizing efforts, perform analytics, conduct research, and for advertising and marketing.
To help create and maintain a trusted and safer environment on Airbnb Citizen and Airbnb’s business, such as fraud detection and prevention, conducting investigations and risk assessments, verifying the address of your listings, verifying any identifications provided by you, and conducting checks against databases such as public government databases.
To send you service, support and administrative messages, reminders, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and information requested by you.
Where we have your consent, to deliver advocacy, political and policy messages, marketing and promotional messages or other information that may be of interest to you, including electronic, mail, or in-person advocacy, including information sent on behalf of our business partners that we think you may find interesting. You will be able to unsubscribe or opt-out from receiving electronic communications by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of an email received.
To administer rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by Airbnb or our business partners.
To comply with our legal obligations, resolve any disputes that we may have with any of our users, and enforce our agreements with third parties.
WHEN AIRBNB DISCLOSES OR SHARES PERSONAL INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE AIRBNB COMMUNITY SERVICES, AND TO WHOM
IMPORTANT: When you use Airbnb Citizen, your data may be sent to the United States and possibly other countries
We may transfer, store, use and process your information, including any Personal Information, to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) including the United States. Please note that laws vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and so the privacy laws applicable to the places where your information is transferred to or stored, used or processed in, may be different from the privacy laws applicable to the place where you are resident.
Your Personal Information may be disclosed as follows:
Parts of your Airbnb Citizen profile that contain Personal Information may be displayed in other parts of Airbnb Citizen to other users for advocacy or marketing purposes. We may also display any stories or testimonials you submit through Airbnb Citizen, along with photos or videos you submit to us. If you sign up to attend or attend events or other gatherings coordinated through Airbnb Citizen, we may with your consentin our sole discretion and for any reason: (1) obtain, use, publicize or disclose photographs of such events or other gatherings; (2) receive and publish information related to the attendees of such events or other gatherings; and (3) obtain, use, publicize or disclose any messages regarding or related to such events or gatherings. If you sign any petitions or join any action teams or other groups through Airbnb Citizen, we may display your participation.
We may allow our related entities such as our subsidiaries, and their employees, to use and process your Personal Information in the same way and to the same extent that we are permitted to under this Privacy Policy. These related entities comply with the same obligations that we have to protect your Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.
We may also engage third-party companies and individuals, who may be located outside of the EEA, to provide services to us, including services to advance our community organizing efforts, help verify your identification, or to conduct checks against databases such as public government databases (where legally allowed). We may provide Personal Information about you to these third parties, or give them access to this Personal Information, for the limited purpose of allowing them to provide these services. We will ensure that such third parties have contractual obligations to protect this Personal Information and to not use it for unrelated purposes.
You acknowledge, consent and agree that Airbnb may access, preserve and disclose your user information (including Personal Information) and Collective Content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) respond to claims asserted against Airbnb; (b) to comply with legal process (for example, subpoenas and warrants); (c) to enforce and administer our agreements with users, such as Airbnb Citizen Terms of Service, ( https://www.airbnbaction.com/terms ), the Airbnb Terms of Service, ( http://www.airbnb.com/terms ) and the Host Guarantee Terms and Conditions ( http://www.airbnb.com/terms/host_guarantee ); (d) for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation, customer support, product development and de-bugging purposes; or (e) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of Airbnb, its users or members of the public. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify users about law enforcement requests for their data unless prohibited by law or by the government request, or if doing so would be futile or ineffective.
We may also publish, disclose and use Aggregated Information and non-personal information for industry analysis, demographic profiling, marketing and advertising, and other business purposes.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS BY AIRBNB
If Airbnb undertakes or is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or bankruptcy or insolvency event, then we may sell, transfer or share some or all of our assets, including your Personal Information. In this event, we will notify you before your Personal Information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
HOW TO UNSUBSCRIBE TO AIRBNB CITIZEN
You may unsubscribe to Airbnb Citizen by contacting us at [email protected]
KEEPING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SECURE
We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect your Personal Information against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, and no method of storing electronic information, can be 100% secure. So, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your transmissions to us and of your Personal Information that we store.
YOUR PRIVACY WHEN YOU ACCESS THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND RESOURCES
Airbnb Citizen may contain links to other websites not owned or controlled by Airbnb. Airbnb does not have any control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies, web beacons or other files on your device, or collect and solicit Personal Information from you. They will have their own rules about the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information. We encourage you to read the terms of use and privacy policies of the other websites that you visit.
SPECIAL FEATURES AND PROGRAMS
Airbnb Citizen provides a service that allows you to invite your friends and contacts to use Airbnb Citizen.
We may integrate Airbnb Citizen with third-party sites such as Facebook, so that you can send invitation messages via the third party site itself. These messages will be sent by the third-party site, and Airbnb does not collect or retain the contact information that is used to send them.
CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We may change how we collect and then use Personal Information at any time and without prior notice, at our sole discretion.
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you either by posting the changed Privacy Policy on Airbnb Citizen website or by sending an email to you. We will also update the “Last Updated Date” at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we let you know of changes through an email communication, then the date on which we send the email will be deemed to be the date of your receipt of that email.
It’s important that you review the changed Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to agree to the changed Privacy Policy, then we will not be able to continue providing Airbnb Citizen to you, and your only option will be to stop accessing Airbnb Citizen and cancel your Airbnb Citizen profile. You can find out more about how to cancel your Airbnb Citizen profile in this Privacy Policy.
GOT FEEDBACK?
Your opinion matters to us! If you’d like to provide feedback to us about this Privacy Policy, please email us at [email protected]
FOR USERS RESIDING IN THE EU AND JAPAN ONLY: YOUR RIGHTS TO REVIEW AND UPDATE INFORMATION
If you reside in the EU or Japan, you may request in writing copies of your Personal Information held by us. We will provide you with a copy of the Personal Information held by us as soon as practicable and in any event not more than 40 days after receiving a valid request in writing. There may be a charge to access your personal data (which will not exceed €6.35 in Ireland and £10 in the United Kingdom, and will not be applicable in Japan). We may also request proof of identification to verify your access request. All requests should be addressed to our Data Protection Compliance Officer, Airbnb Ireland, Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland. We endeavor to keep your information accurate, complete and up to date. If your Personal Information that we hold is inaccurate, please let us know and we will make the necessary amendments, erase or block the relevant information and notify you within 40 days of your validrequest that the relevant action has been taken.You may also request the erasure of your Personal Information if you believe we are otherwise inbreach of relevant data protection legislation. All requests should be addressed to our Data Protection Compliance Officer, Airbnb Ireland, Watermarque Building, South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4,Ireland. There is no charge for making such a request.
FOR USERS RESIDING IN THE EU: YOUR RIGHT TO SEE AND CHALLENGE INFORMATION PROVIDED TO US BY THIRD PARTIES
You are entitled to see and challenge any information that Third Parties may provide to us as part of our fraud detection, prevention and risk assessment efforts in circumstances where all of the following factors apply: (i) if we use Third Parties to carry out automated checks or risk assessments, and (ii) if we make a decision which has legal consequences for you or which significantly affects you, and (iii) if such decision is based solely on such automated checks or risk assessments. In order to request this, please address your request directly to Airbnb Ireland, Privacy Office, Watermarque Building,South Lotts Road, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland. Please state clearly in your request that you wish to see and/or challenge the information that Third Parties may have provided to Airbnb as part of our fraud detection, prevention and risk assessment efforts. We may request proof of identification to verify your request. Airbnb is subject to the authority of the Federal Trade Commission and has certified with the Privacy Shield as required by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries. Airbnb certifies that it adheres to the Privacy Shield principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. Consistent with these principles, where Airbnb uses service providers to process personal data of European Union residents, Airbnb shall remain liable where the agent processes such personal data of European Union residents in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield principles, except where Airbnb establishes that Airbnb is not responsible for the damages caused by the agent. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view the list of entities who have current certifications under the Privacy Shield, please visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List .
If you have any questions or complaints about Airbnb’s privacy practices, you may contact Airbnb at Airbnb Ireland, Privacy Office, Watermarque Building, South LottsRoad, Ringsend, Dublin 4, Ireland, and we will work with you to resolve your issue. As a resident of the European Union, you may also contact your appropriate European Data Protection Authority with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. Residents of the European Union who are dissatisfied with the way in which we have addressed your concerns about our privacy practices may seek further assistance from our designated Privacy Shield independent recourse mechanism, JAMS . Residents of the European Union who have unresolved complaints after: (1) contacting Airbnb to resolve the issue; (2) seeking assistance from our independent recourse mechanism; and (3) contacting the U.S. Department of Commerce (either directly or through a European Data Protection Authority) and giving the Department of Commerce time to attempt to resolve the issue, may elect to arbitrate certain claims. Claims shall be arbitrated free of charge by our arbitration provider, the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) , though each party will be responsible for its own attorney’s fees. Please be advised that, pursuant to the Privacy Shield, the arbitrator(s) may only impose individual-specific, non-monetary, equitable relief necessary to remedy any violation of the Privacy Shield Principles only with respect to the individual.
COOKIE POLICY
Airbnb uses “cookies” in conjunction with Airbnb Citizen to obtain information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your device (e.g., your phone or your computer) for record-keeping purposes. For example, a cookie could allow Airbnb Citizen to recognize your browser, while another could store your preferences and other information.
Your browser may allow you to set how it handles cookies, such as declining all cookies or prompting you to decide whether to accept each cookie. But please note that some parts of Airbnb Citizen may not work as intended or may not work at all without cookies.
Airbnb cookies and third-party cookies
Airbnb may place our cookies on your device via Airbnb Citizen. Accordingly, our Privacy Policy will apply to our treatment of the information we obtain via our cookies.
We may also allow our business partners to place cookies on your device. For example, we use Google Analytics for web analytics, and so Google may also place cookies on your device. As further explained below, third parties may also place cookies on your device for advertising purposes.
There are two types of cookies used on Airbnb Citizen, namely “persistent cookies” and “session cookies”.
Session cookies will normally expire when you close your browser, while persistent cookies will remain on your device after you close your browser, and can be used again the next time you access Airbnb Citizen.
Other technologies
Airbnb Citizen may also use other technologies with similar functionality to cookies, such as web beacons and tracking URLs to obtain Log Data about users. We may also use web beacons and tracking URLs in our messages to you to determine whether you have opened a certain message or accessed a certain link.
Uses for Airbnb cookies
Airbnb uses cookies for a number of purposes, such as the following:
To enable, facilitate and streamline the functioning of Airbnb Citizen across different webpages and browser sessions.
To simplify your access to and use of Airbnb Citizen and make it more seamless.
To monitor and analyze the performance, operation and effectiveness of Airbnb Citizen, so that we can improve and optimize it.
To show you content (which may include advertisements) that is more relevant to you.
Uses for third-party cookies
Our partners’ cookies are intended to obtain information to help them provide services to Airbnb. For example, third-party companies and individuals we engage to provide services to us may track your behavior on our Airbnb Citizen to promote our advocacy efforts, or to market and advertise Airbnb listings or services to you on Airbnb Citizen website, the Airbnb website, and third party websites. Third parties that use cookies and other tracking technologies to deliver targeted advertisements on third party websites may offer you a way to prevent such targeted advertisements by opting-out at the websites of industry groups such as the Network Advertising Initiative ( http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ ) and/or the Digital Advertising Alliance ( http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ ). You may also be able to control advertising cookies provided by publishers, for example Google’s Ad Preference Manager ( https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/ ). Please note that even if you choose to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising, you may still receive advertising from Airbnb Citizen – it just will not be tailored to your interests.
In addition, Facebook places a cookie via Airbnb Citizen that allows Facebook to obtain aggregated, non-Personal Information to optimize their services. For example, if a user clicks on an advertisement for the Airbnb mobile app on Facebook and subsequently installs the app, this cookie will inform Facebook that a user (who is not personally identified) has installed the app after clicking on the advertisement. This cookie may also inform Facebook that a user is using the app, without identifying the specific actions taken by the user in the app.
Disabling Cookies
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies by visiting the Help portion of your browser’s toolbar. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in, customize, or use some of the interactive features of Airbnb Citizen. Flash cookies operate differently than browser cookies, and cookie management tools available in a web browser will not remove flash cookies. To learn more about how to manage flash cookies, you can visit the Adobe website ( http://www.adobe.com/ ) and make changes at the Global Privacy Settings Panel ( http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html ).
Changes to this Cookie Policy
We can change this Cookie Policy at any time. If we make material changes to the Cookie Policy, we will let you know either by posting the changed Cookie Policy on Airbnb Citizen website or by sending you an email.
It’s important that you review the changed Cookie Policy. If you do not wish to agree to the changed Cookie Policy, then we cannot continue to provide Airbnb Citizen to you, and your only option is to stop accessing Airbnb Citizen.
