Revised: May 24, 2018
Your information privacy is extremely important to us. Our overall aim is to ensure that our collection and use of personal information is appropriate to the provision of services to you, and is in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including GDPR. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to explain how we collect, use, protect, and disclose information and data when you use the Lifeliqe website (“Site”) and any Lifeliqe mobile application, application programming interfaces, and other services offered by Lifeliqe (“Services”). This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information (defined below). This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Site and Services. The Site and Services are provided by Lifeliqe (“company” “we” “our” “us”).
BY USING THE SITE OR SERVICES, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.
Managing Your Information Preferences
You can review, correct, update, or change your Personal Information or opt out of receiving certain e-mails by changing the relevant settings in your account or by e-mailing us at privacy@Lifeliqe.com . You are able to opt out of receiving marketing e-mails from us, by changing the relevant settings in your account, by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of these marketing e-mails, or by emailing us at privacy@Lifeliqe.com ; however, you cannot opt out of receiving all e-mails from us, such as e-mails about the status of your account. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at the same address.
Information We Collect
Personal Information
We collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, phone number, mobile phone number, e-mail, school and educational information, and other personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us with or that you choose to include in your account (“Personal Information”). You may be asked to provide us with Personal Information when you register with the Site or use any of our Services, and at other times.
Usage Data and Site Activity
We automatically collect information regarding the actions you take on the Site (“Usage Data”). For example, each time you use the Site we automatically collect the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your computer type, your screen resolution, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, how you accessed the Site, your actions on the Site, and the time and duration of your visits to the Site. We use this information to help us understand how people use the Site and Services, to make improvements to the Site and Services, and to enhance the services we offer.
Payment Information
Our Site and Services are subscription-based. In order to use our Site and Services, you may be required to pay subscription fees or to make certain purchases. We may collect certain information regarding your payments and purchases, such as your name and zip code) as necessary to process your order. You will be required to provide certain payment and billing information directly to us or to our third party payment processing partners, such as but not limited to your name, credit card information, billing address, and zip code. We do not directly access, store or collect your credit card information and we will not use your payment information we collect except as needed to fulfill your purchases, maintain your subscription, and/or communicate with you regarding your transactions.
Cookies and Anonymous Identifiers
We use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and web browser) and may use anonymous identifiers (a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie). We use cookies and other anonymous identifiers to analyze use of and improve the Site and Services and as described in the Advertising and Online Tracking Section of this Privacy Policy. We do not use cookies to collect Personal Information. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent, however, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Some of our Service Providers (defined below) may use their own cookies, anonymous identifiers, or other tracking technology in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.
We use Google Analytics, Optimizely, and MixPanel on the Site and Services to collect Usage Data, to analyze how users use the Site and Services, and to provide advertisements to you on other websites. For more information about how to opt out of having your information used by Google Analytics, Optimizely, or MixPanel, visit their respective sites at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ , https://www.optimizely.com/opt_out/ , or https://mixpanel.com/optout/ .
How We Use Information and When We May Share and Disclose Information Generally
We use Personal Information primarily for internal purposes, such as to provide you with the Site and Services, including to send you alerts about your account, to improve the Site and Services, to notify you of new products or services, to send you marketing communications about the Site and Services, and to otherwise communicate with you about our Company. We may also use your Personal Information to provide more relevant search results from the search functions of the Site and the Services.
We will not disclose Personal Information to third parties, including for their direct marketing purposes, without your consent, except as explained in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose to third parties, certain Personal Information when we believe in good faith that disclosure of your Personal Information is necessary to: (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request; (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) fulfill our obligations if we become involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of our assets; (e) fulfill our obligations with business partners and sponsors, or (f) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of our users or the public.
We may also disclose to third parties, certain Usage Data regarding the Site and Services. However, in such cases, your Usage Data is aggregated with the Usage Data of others and does not identify you individually.
Personal Information You Make Available to Others
By using the Site or the Services you may make certain of your Personal Information available to others. For example, when you post a 3D model or comment on the Site other users may see your name and other information that you choose to make available to others, including your username, your profile picture, 3D models you have marked as favorites, your own 3D models, your grade, your state and your country. You can control the profile information that is shown and displayed to other users by managing the relevant settings in your account. You can request to remove any content or posts that you make available to others by emailing privacy@Lifeliqe.com .
Service Providers
From time to time, we may establish a business relationship with other businesses whom we believe trustworthy and who have confirmed that their privacy practices are consistent with ours (“Service Providers”). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as hosting and maintenance, data storage and management, and marketing and promotions. We only provide our Service Providers with the information necessary for them to perform these services on our behalf. Each Service Provider must agree to use reasonable security procedures and practices, appropriate to the nature of the information involved, in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Service Providers are prohibited from using Personal Information other than as specified by us.
Advertising and Online Tracking
We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and collect certain anonymous information when you visit the Site and Services. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. click stream information, web browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie to collect this information. Our systems do not recognize browser “Do Not Track” signals, but several of our Service Providers who utilize these cookies on our Site enable you to opt out of targeted advertising practices. To learn more about these advertising practices or to opt out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org or www.aboutads.info/choices/. We also provide you with additional tools to opt out of marketing from us. You can learn about this in the “Managing Your Information Preferences” section of this Privacy Policy
Notice to California Residents/Your California Privacy Rights
To opt out of sharing your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please e-mail us at privacy@Lifeliqe.com and clearly state your request, including your name, mailing address, e-mail address and phone number. Please see Section 1 (Managing Your Information Preferences) above for additional information.
Other Transfers
We may share Personal Information and Usage Data with businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control with our Company. If our Company is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information and Usage Data in connection with such transaction. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if, in our discretion, it will result in the handling of your Personal Information in a way that differs materially from this Privacy Policy.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement
We cooperate with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property, or rights of our company or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Be Careful When You Share Information with Others
Please be aware that whenever you share information on any public area of the Site or Services, that information may be accessed by others. In addition, please remember that when you share information in any other communications with third parties, that information may be passed along or made public by others. This means that anyone with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications.
Security
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of information transmitted to us. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site or Services, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site or Services, and you do so at your own risk.
Links
Our Site and Services may contain links to other websites or allow others to send you such links. A link to a third party’s website does not mean that we endorse it or that we are affiliated with it. We do not exercise control over third-party websites. You access such third-party websites or content at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a third-party website before providing any information to the website.
Children’s Privacy
The Site and Services are intended for users who are 13 years old or older. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. California users under the age of 18 may request the removal of their content or information publically posted on the Site or Services by e-mailing us at privacy@Lifeliqe.com . Please note that most of the user content that appears on our Site or Services is stored and controlled by third party providers; thus, complete and comprehensive removal of the content may not be possible.
Processing in the United States
Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store all information in the United States. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using the Site or Services, you are agreeing to the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
Privacy Policy Changes
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Those changes will go into effect on the “Revised” date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. By continuing to use the Site or Services, you are consenting to the revised Privacy Policy.
Please print a copy of this privacy policy for you records and PLEASE check the Site frequently for any changes.
Lifeliqe
Support
Continuing to browse the site means you're OK with it.
