We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features, and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with colleges and partners. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Plexuss is updating its Terms of Use and Privacy Policy on May 25, 2018. See the updated Terms of Use here and the updated Privacy Policy here .
Yes, I agree
*Please enter a valid password with these requirements:
8-13 letters and numbers
Starts with a letter
OR
*Please enter a valid password with these requirements:
8-13 letters and numbers
Starts with a letter
/
/
*Please enter a valid Month.
*Please enter a valid Day.
*Please enter a valid Year.
Sorry, You must be 13 years or older to sign up.
You must be 13 years or older to sign up.
You must be 13 years or older to sign up.
I agree to the Plexuss terms of service & privacy policy
*You need to agree to the terms to join.
Or
Your Privacy Matters
At Plexuss, our fundamental philosophy is “users first.” This philosophy powers all of the decisions we make, including how we gather and  protect your personal information.
We’ve crafted the policy below to be as clear and  straightforward as possible. Our aim is for you—our users—to always feel  informed and empowered with respect to your privacy on Plexuss.
Introduction
Plexuss' mission is to empower students to find and choose  the very best college. Our registered users share their information  with colleges, engage with colleges they're interested in, and post and view content related to their college-search process. Content on some of our  services is also visible to unregistered viewers. We believe that our services  allow our users to efficiently select the best based on their search criteria.
Maintaining your trust is our top priority, so we adhere to  the following principles to protect your privacy:
We protect your personal information and will only provide  it to third parties: (1) with your consent; (2) where it is necessary to carry  out your instructions; (3) as reasonably necessary in order to provide our  features and functionality to you; (4) when we reasonably believe it is  required by law, subpoena or other legal process; or (5) as necessary to  enforce our User Agreement & Terms of Service or protect the rights, property, or safety of  Plexuss, its users and visitors, and the public.
We have implemented appropriate security safeguards designed  to protect your information in accordance with industry standards.
This Privacy Policy applies to Plexuss.com and other Plexuss  websites, apps, developer platforms and other products and services(collectively, the “ Services ”). We may  modify this Privacy Policy from time to time, and if we make material changes  to it, we will provide notice through our website or by other means so that you  may review the changes before you continue to use Plexuss. If you object to any  changes, you may close your account. Continuing to use  Plexuss after we publish or communicate a notice about any changes to this  Privacy Policy means that you are consenting to the changes.
1.  What  Information We Collect
1.1  Data Controllers
The personal information provided to or gathered is controlled by Plexuss,  231 Market Place #241, San ramon, CA 94583. If you have any concern about  providing information to us or having such information displayed on Plexuss  services or otherwise used in any manner permitted in this Privacy Policy, you  should not become a user of Plexuss, visit our websites, apps or otherwise use  our Services. If you have already registered, you can close your account. We  collect your personal information in the following ways:
1.2  Registration
To create an account on Plexuss, you must provide us with at least your  name, email address, and a password. You can choose to provide further  information about yourself during the registration process (for example, your mobile number, your  gender and/or your high school). We use this information to provide you with more  customized services like language-specific profile pages, updates, and content,  and this information may also appear on your profile viewable by colleges. You acknowledge  that, by creating an account, Plexuss and colleges will be able to identify you  by your profile, and you allow Plexuss to use this information in accordance  with this Privacy Policy.
1.3  Profile Information
After you create an account, you may choose to provide additional  information on your Plexuss profile, such as test scores, certifications,  career goals, and personal interests. With your approval, colleges may choose  to communicate with you based on the information you have provided. Providing  additional information enables you to derive more benefit from Plexuss. Helping you provide a more complete profile allows prospective colleges to get to know you better. It also enables us to provide you with other relevant content such as scholarship information on and off our site.
1.4 Other Services That Sync With Plexuss
Plexuss makes other tools available to sync information with Plexuss, and may also develop additional features that allow users to use their Plexuss account in conjunction with other third-party services. Any information that you upload or sync with Plexuss is covered by the User Agreement & Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. You can remove your information at your convenience using the features Plexuss makes available.
1.5  Customer Support
When you contact our customer support services (support@plexuss.com), we collect information that helps us categorize your question, respond to it, and, if applicable, investigate any breach of our Privacy Policy. We also use this information to track potential problems and trends and customize our support responses to better serve you.
1.6  Using the Plexuss Sites and Applications
We collect information when you use (whether as a user or a visitor) the Services. For example, we collect  information when you import your transcript, participate in polls, install a  Plexuss mobile application, and share articles on Plexuss. If you are logged in  on Plexuss or another Service and a Plexuss cookie on your device identifies  you, your usage information and the log data described in Section 1.9 of this  policy(e.g., your IP address) will be associated with your account. Even if you’re not logged into a Service, we log information about devices used to access our Services, including IP addresses.
1.7  Using Third-Party Services and Visiting Third-Party Sites
We receive information when you use your Plexuss account to log in to a third-party website or application. Also, when you visit a third-party site that embeds Plexuss plugins, we receive information that those pages have loaded in your web browser. If you are logged in as a user when you visit sites with Plexuss plugins, we use this information to recommend tailored content to you. Plexuss will use this information to personalize the Plexuss-provided functionality on third-party sites. Plexuss may provide reports containing aggregated impression information to companies hosting Plexuss plugins and similar technologies to help them measure Plexuss-generated traffic to their websites.
1.8 Cookies
We use cookies and similar technologies, including mobile application identifiers, to help us recognize you across different Services, improve your Plexuss experience, increase security, measure use and assess effectiveness of our Services. You can control cookies through your browser settings and other tools. By visiting Plexuss, you consent to the placement of cookies and beacons in your browser and HTML-based emails in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
1.9  Log Files, IP Addresses, and  Information About Your Computer and Mobile Device
When you visit or leave Plexuss sites or apps (whether as a user or visitor)  by clicking a hyperlink or when you view a plugin on a third-party site, we  automatically receive the URL of the site from which you came or the one to  which you are directed. We also receive the internet protocol (“IP”) address of  your computer or the proxy server that you use to access the web, your computer  operating system details, your type of web browser, your mobile device  (including your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device  operating system), your mobile operating system (if you are accessing Plexuss  using a mobile device), and the name of your ISP or your mobile carrier. We may  also receive location data passed to us from third-party services or  GPS-enabled devices that you have set up, which we use to show you local information  on our mobile applications. Most mobile devices allow you to prevent real time  location data being sent to Plexuss, and of course Plexuss will honor your  settings.
1.10  Other
 
2.1  Consent to Plexuss Processing Information About You
The personal information you provide to us may reveal or allow others to  identify aspects of your life that are not expressly stated on your profile  (for example, your picture or your name may reveal your gender). By providing  personal information to us when you create or update your account and profile,  you are freely accepting and agreeing to our processing of your personal  information in ways set out by this Privacy Policy. Supplying to us any  information deemed “sensitive” by applicable law is entirely voluntary on your  part. You have the right to withdraw or modify your consent to Plexuss'  collection and processing of the information you provide at any time, in  accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, by changing your account  settings or your profile on Plexuss, or by closing your respective account  here.
2.2  Plexuss Communications
We communicate with you through email, notices posted on the Plexuss websites or apps, text messages, messages to your Plexuss inbox, and other means available through the Services, including mobile text messages and push notifications. These messages will be sent to you based on your profile information and messaging preferences.
2.3  User Communications
Many communications that you initiate through Plexuss (for example, allowing a college to recruit you) will list your name and primary email address in the header of the message. Messages you initiate may also provide other information you put in your profile.
2.4  Customized Content
We use information that you provide to us to customize your experience and the experiences of others on Plexuss. For example, when you sign in to your account, we may display colleges in your state of residence or colleges which offer programs that align with your educational goals.
2.5  Sharing Information with Affiliates
We may share your personal information with our Plexuss affiliates (meaning entities controlled by, controlling or under common control with Plexuss) outside of the Plexuss entity that is your data controller as necessary to provide the Services. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you are consenting to this sharing.
2.6  Sharing Information with Third Parties
We will not disclose personal information that is not published to your profile or generated through engagement with other Plexuss services without your consent unless Plexuss has a good faith belief that disclosure is permitted by law or is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with a legal requirement or process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (2) enforce this Privacy Policy; (3) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties; (4) respond to Member service inquiries; or (5) protect the rights, property, or safety of Plexuss, our users, visitors, or the public.  See Section 2.14 for additional details about Plexuss’ compliance with legal requests for information.
Content distributed through Plexuss’ sharing features and third-party integrations may result in displaying some of your personal information outside of Plexuss. If you have bound your Plexuss account to your Twitter account or your Facebook account, you can easily share content from Plexuss to Twitter or Facebook, in accordance with your applicable account settings (which you may change at any time) and respective Twitter or Facebook policies.
2.7  Third Parties Using Plexuss Platform Services
We collaborate with and allow third parties to use Plexuss' developer platform to offer services and functionality in conjunction with Plexuss. These third-party developers have either negotiated an agreement to use Plexuss platform technology or have agreed to our self-service API and Plugin terms in order to build applications (“Platform Applications”). Both the negotiated agreements and our API and Plugin terms contain restrictions on how third parties may access, store, and use the personal information you provide to Plexuss. If you choose to use a Platform Application, you will be asked to confirm acceptance of the privacy policy and user agreement of the third-party developer.
2.8  Polls and Surveys
Polls and Surveys may be conducted by Plexuss, users, or third parties. Plexuss or third parties may follow up with you via e-mail regarding your participation unless you have opted out of receiving e-mail messages. We may use third parties to deliver incentives to you to participate in surveys or polls. Your consent to use any personally identifiable information for the purposes set forth in the poll or survey will be explicitly requested by the party conducting it.
2.9  Search
You can search for colleges, scholarship opportunities, information about colleges, and news articles on Plexuss. We use personal information from Plexuss, including user profiles, to inform and refine our search service.
2.10  Posting Information
If you post comments, share content, or import a blog or other content, you should be aware that any information you choose to disclose using these services can be read, collected, and used by other users on Plexuss, developers, and other third parties. Plexuss is not responsible for the information you choose to submit. Some content in comment sections may be public and searchable on the Internet.
2.11  Testimonials Provided
If you provide any testimonials about our goods or services, we may post those testimonials in connection with our promotion of these services to third parties. Testimonials may include your name and other personal information that you have provided.
2.12  Premium Services
We offer customized user-search functionality as part of colleges’ recruiting process. These services allow colleges to export limited information from users' public profiles, in order to effectively recruit prospective students. A college may also manage and store information it has independently obtained about you outside of our Services, such as a college application, in connection with Plexuss’ platform. Any personal information obtained independently of Plexuss services will not be added by Plexuss to your profile and is not under Plexuss’ control but is subject to the policies of Plexuss.
2.13  Pages for Colleges
Plexuss allows colleges to create pages and news articles dedicated to their brand and mission. These pages are public, and any communications or information shared through them will be accessible by the entity that created them.
2.14  Compliance with Legal Process and  Other Disclosures
It is possible that we may need to disclose personal information, profile information, or information about your activities as a user or visitor when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process, or if Plexuss has a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce the User Agreement & Terms of Service, investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, or protect the security or integrity of our Service; or (3) exercise or protect the rights, property, or safety of Plexuss, our users, personnel, or others. We attempt to notify users about legal demands for their data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. In light of our principles, we may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not commit to challenge every demand.
2.15  Disclosures to Others as the Result  of a Change in Control or Sale of Plexuss, Inc.
We may also disclose your personal information to a third party as part of a sale of the assets of Plexuss, Inc., a subsidiary, or division, or as the result of a change in control of the company or one of its affiliates, or in preparation for any of these events. Any third party to which Plexuss transfers or sells Plexuss’ assets will have the right to continue to use the personal data and other information that you provide to us in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy.
2.16  Service Providers
 
3.  Your Choices and Obligations
3.1  Rights to Access, Correct, or Delete Your Information, and Closing Your  Account
You have a right to (1) access, modify, correct, or delete your personal information controlled by Plexuss regarding your profile, (2) change or remove your content, and (3) close your account. You can also contact us for any account information which is not on your profile or readily accessible to you. If you close your account(s), your information will generally be removed from the Service within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information and will de-personalize any logs or other backup information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below.
Please note: Information you have shared with colleges or that others have copied may also remain visible after you have closed your account or deleted the information from your own profile. In addition, you may not be able to access, correct, or eliminate any information about you that other colleges may have copied or exported out of Plexuss, because this information may not be in our control.
3.2  Your rights as an individual based in the EU
• Access to your information: You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we hold about you.
• Correcting your information: We want to have accurate data. Please contact us if you think the data we hold is not up to date or correct.
• Deletion of your information: You have the right to ask us to delete personal data about you if it no longer is required for the purpose it was collected, you have withdrawn your consent, or you have a valid objection to us using your personal data.
• Objecting to how we may use your information: You have the right at any time to require us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes.
• Restricting how we may use your information: In some cases, you may ask us to restrict how we use your personal data. This right might apply, for example, where we are checking the accuracy of personal data about you that we hold or assessing the validity of any objection you have made to our use of your information. The right might also apply where this is no longer a basis for using your personal data but you don't want us to delete the data.
• Automated processing: If we use your personal data on an automated basis to make decisions which significantly affect you, you have the right to ask that the decision be reviewed by an individual to whom you may make representations and contest the decision.  This right only applies where we use your information with your consent or as part of a contractual relationship with you
• Withdrawing consent using your information: Where we use your personal data with your consent you may withdraw that consent at any time and we will stop using your personal data for the purpose(s) for which consent was given.
If you want to submit a complaint:
We have appointed a Data Protection Officer. If you are an EU resident who requires assistance in exercising your privacy rights, please write to Data Protection Officer at dpo@plexuss.com. We always want to resolve directly all complaints about how we handle personal data. If you are an EU resident, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Data Protection Authority in your country.
3.3  Data Retention
We retain the personal information you provide while your account is in existence or as needed to provide you services. Plexuss may retain your personal information even after you have closed your account if retention is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations, meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes between users, prevent fraud and abuse, or enforce this Privacy Policy and our User Agreement & Terms of Service. We may retain personal information, for a limited period of time, if requested by law enforcement. Plexuss’ Customer Service may retain information for as long as is necessary to provide support-related reporting and trend analysis only, but we generally delete or de-personalize closed account data consistent with Section 3.1.
3.4  Your Obligations
As a user, you have certain obligations to other users. Some of these obligations are imposed by applicable law and regulations:
• You must, at all times, abide by the terms and conditions of the current Privacy Policy, User Agreement & Terms of Service, and other policies of Plexuss. This includes respecting all intellectual property rights that may belong to third parties, such as trademarks or copyrights.
• You must not upload or otherwise disseminate any information that may infringe on the rights of others or which may be deemed to be injurious, violent, offensive, racist, or xenophobic, or which may otherwise violate the purpose and spirit of Plexuss and its community of Members.
• You must keep your username and password confidential and not share it with others.
Any violation of these guidelines or those detailed in our User Agreement & Terms of Service or elsewhere may lead to the restriction, suspension, or termination of your account at the sole discretion of Plexuss.
4.  Legal Basis for Processing
Our legal basis for collecting and using the information described above will depend on the type of information and the specific context in which we collect it.
We process information about you in order to provide our services in accordance with our User Agreement & Terms of Service, for example to allow you to display your profile to other members and colleges, and to allow us to send you important service updates.
We also process information about you where it is in our legitimate interests to do so and not overridden by your rights (for example, in some cases for direct marketing, fraud prevention, network and information systems security, responding to your communications, and improving our Services).
In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect information about you, or may otherwise need the information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
We may also process information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract.
5.  Personal Information
5.1  Minimum Age
As described in the User Agreement & Terms of Service, persons must be 13 years or older to use Plexuss. EU residents: Depending on your country’s applicable laws, we may require parental consent to use Plexuss if you are between 13 and 16.
5.2  Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, or to the Privacy Policy, we will provide notice to you through our Services or by some other means, such as email. Please review the changes carefully. If you agree to the changes, simply continue to use our Services. If you object to any of the changes to our terms and you no longer wish to use Plexuss, you may close your account(s). Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that Plexuss has about you and your account. Using Plexuss after a notice of changes has been communicated to you or published through our Services shall constitute consent to the changed terms or practices.
5.3  Transfer Of Information To The US and Other Countries
Plexuss is based in the United States. Information about you may be transferred to, and processed in, the US and countries other than the country in which you are resident. These countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country and, in some cases, may not be as protective. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your information will remain protected in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
5.4  California's Shine the Light Law
California Civil Code Section 1798.83, known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our users who are California residents to request and obtain from us a list of what personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the names and addresses of those third parties. Requests may be made only once a year and are free of charge. Under Section 1798.83, Plexuss currently does not share any personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
5.5  Security
 
How to Contact Us
If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us online or by physical mail at:
Plexuss
