This Privacy Statement describes the information collection, use, and disclosure practices of Publicseek, hosted at www.publicseek.com (the "Site").
Information Collected by Publicseek
Publicseek gathers three types of information: (1) information that the User submits to us; (2) information that is collected automatically about User usage of the Site; and (3) information about Search Subjects.
Information You Submit to Publicseek
To become a Publicseek member ("Member") and purchase our services ("Member Services"), we may require you to provide personally identifiable information, such as User: (a) e-mail address; (b) full name; (c) company name; (d) date of birth; (e) password; (f) mailing address; (g) credit card information; and (h) information associated with a Search Subject (such as a name, age, or address) to conduct a Publicseek Check. Such personally identifiable information may also be required to submit a request to opt-out of Publicseek's People Search results, or to contact us with a question, comment, or request.
Information Collected Automatically About Your Usage of the Site
Like most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about User to improve services we offer User, to improve marketing, analytics, and Site functionality.
When you visit the Site, we or our third-party service providers may use a "Cookie" – a small, text-only file that we save to User hard drive – or similar technologies to automatically collect and store non-personally-identifiable information about your usage of the Site--like IP address, browser type, the links and items clicked on, ad impressions, and visited web pages. Cookies enhance your experience on the Site, and are often necessary for the provision of Member Services. For example, we use Cookies to store your password so you don't have to enter it more than once, and to recognize you if you return to the Site from the same web browser.
If you don't want the Site to collect this information through Cookies, you may set your web browser to reject Cookies from the Site, or to inform you when a Cookie has been sent to your computer and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that Cookie. Each web browser is different, so please check browser's "Help" menu to learn how to change Cookie preferences. Please be advised that when Cookies are disabled or rejected, you may not be able to use the Member Services or experience the full functionality of the Site.
Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Publicseek and our partners (such as marketing partners, data partners, analytics, financial, testing, optimization, and others), affiliates, or analytics or service providers (such as data providers, customer support, marketing, analytics, business development, affiliate, and other). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking User movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our User base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis.
Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting
We partner with a third-party ad network to either display advertising on the Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personal information about User activities on this and other Web sites to provide User targeted advertising based upon User interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here. Please note this is not an opt-out of advertising; you will continue to receive generic ads.
Information About Search Subjects
In connection with providing the Publicseek Checks, we collect information about Search Subjects from our third-party data providers. This data is publicly available information aggregated for User convenience.
Use of Information Collected by Publicseek
We use the information that we collect from User for a number of purposes, including:
to provide User with products, services, or information User request, such as Publicseek Checks and other Member Services;
to process, or in connection with, any payments or transactions that User authorizes;
to verify that any credit card User submit is valid and active by charging, and thereafter immediately crediting, a small sum to the card upon registration;
to send User service-related communications to verify and manage User Member account, about the Site, about the services User request, or containing required notices (where User have indicated a preference, we will only communicate with User via the medium User select, such as by e-mail or telephone);
to process User requests to opt out of Publicseek's People Search results and, if User choose to do so, to create and manage User Publicseek Opt-Out account;
to respond to User inquiries;
to deliver marketing communications or promotional materials that may be of interest to User, subject to other terms of this Privacy Policy;
to generate and analyze statistics about User use of the Site (e.g., to determine the demographics of our Visitors);
for internal business purposes (e.g., to analyze and manage our business, to allow us to better tailor the Site to our Visitors' needs);
to customize User experience on the Site; and
to detect and protect against fraud, infringement, or other violations of our Terms of Service.
We also may aggregate, anonymize, or merge any of the information we collect through the Site or elsewhere for these purposes, except as expressly stated otherwise in this Privacy Policy. This may include linking Member account information with information collected through Cookies for purposes such as identifying what areas of the Site are most relevant to User and allowing us to better tailor the Site and our communications to User interests.
When User submits a request to opt out of Publicseek's People Search results, we require that User provides an email address. Publicseek only uses this email address to (i) send User an email to verify the request to opt out, (ii) communicate with User about questions concerning User opt-out status, and (iii) if User chooses, to create a Publicseek Opt-Out account to review the record(s) User have opted out of on an ongoing basis. We will not sell the email address that User provide as part of the opt-out process, or use it for any other purpose, without User's prior consent. Publicseek also may use data about Search Subjects to provide responses to Publicseek Checks performed through the Site.
Sharing of Information Collected by the Site
We may share the information we collect from User with third parties for the following purposes:
Affiliates and Service providers: credit card processing companies to process payments for goods and services and to verify that User credit card account is valid and active; e-mail service providers to send out e-mails on our behalf; sales partners to sell User our services; data partners to process data on our behalf (e.g., removing duplicate information from User lists, analyzing data, etc.); and marketing partners who may market our products for us and provide analysis of such marketing efforts. These affiliates and service providers will have access to User information as needed to perform their functions on our behalf, but we do not permit them to use User information for other purposes. In addition, apart from the circumstances described above, we will not share User credit card information with any third parties without prior informed consent from User;
Third-party companies such as data partners in connection with providing the Publicseek Checks, for the sole and exclusive purpose of verifying information applicable to the particular Search Subject. These third-party companies shall be subject to an obligation of confidentiality regarding such information, and shall not store, save, or transfer such information other than as necessary to perform the applicable verification services. We will not share the information of the Search Subjects for any other purpose;
Third-party marketing companies to send User selected marketing, other than Sensitive Information (defined as a credit card number, financial account number, Social Security number, driver's license number, or credit score). These businesses and third parties may include: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression, and validation vendors; (b) e-mail marketers; (c) telemarketers (where permitted by applicable law); (d) text-message-based marketers (where permitted by applicable law); (e) direct marketers; and (f) online advertising networks. While Publicseek strongly encourages these third parties to adopt responsible approaches to online marketing, Publicseek is not responsible for their information practices, which are governed by their respective privacy policies, which may differ from this Privacy Policy;
to any acquiring entity in connection with any sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization, or liquidation of Publicseek;
to respond to a subpoena, court order, or legal process served on us or otherwise to comply with the law;
when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights of Publicseek, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, joint ventures, or third-party service providers, and each of their respective members, officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, co-branders, content licensors, suppliers, contractors, attorneys, and other partners, such as to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions, and other applicable Publicseek agreements and policies; and
to protect the rights, property, or safety of User or others (e.g., by exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes, by providing information to law enforcement where we believe the Site is being or has been used to commit unlawful acts).
We do not share precise geolocation information (such as collected from User mobile device) with third parties unless User expressly consents to such sharing.
We may share aggregate reports comprised of the demographic, usage, and/or other characteristics of our Visitors as a group, which will never identify User personally, with third parties.
Correcting, Updating, or Removing Member Information
If the information User submits to us changes, or if User no longer desires our services, User may correct, update, or request deletion of this information by making the change on User member information page or by contacting us at the contact information listed below.
Data Retention
We will retain the information that we have collected about User for so long as User maintains a Publicseek membership. If Useres wish to cancel User Member account or Publicseek Opt-Out account or request that we no longer use this information to provide User with services, please contact us at privacy@publicseek.com . However, we may retain some or all of User information after User requests deletion or cancelation, as necessary, to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Publicseek may amend or modify this Privacy Policy, from time to time in its sole discretion, effective immediately upon prominently posting a link to those changes on our Site's homepage or directly communicating them to User. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify User by posting the date last updated at the top of this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of or access to the Site or any Member Services after any posted amendment or revision to this Privacy Policy constitutes an affirmative acknowledgment and acceptance.
Security
We endeavor to protect all information that we collect from or about User both online and off-line by using reasonable security measures. Unfortunately, no transmission over the Internet is guaranteed to be 100% secure, thus any information that User transmits to us is done at User's own risk.
Marketing Opt-out
Where User receives marketing e-mails sent by us or one of our third-party advertisers, User may unsubscribe from these e-mails at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of the e-mail. We may maintain separate e-mail lists for different purposes, so User may need to unsubscribe from multiple lists. However, even where User unsubscribes from all of our and third-party advertisers' lists, User may receive marketing e-mails in the future if User opts in to a different e-mail marketing program. User can always unsubscribe from such programs as well by following the instructions contained at the end of the e-mail received.
You also may notify Publicseek that you do not wish to have Publicseek disclose User information to third parties for the purposes of sending User marketing offers and promotions by visiting www.Publicseek.com. Information sent on behalf of third-party advertisers is prepared several days in advance, so User may continue to receive e-mail from us or our third-party advertisers for up to ten (10) days after submitting an unsubscribe request as detailed above.
Links
The Site contains links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. In some instances, these websites may be co-branded and the third parties may be entitled to use Publicseek's name and logo on their websites. Please be aware that Publicseek is not responsible for the data practices of such websites, which shall be subject to those websites' privacy policies. Please read the privacy policy of each and every website that you link to from the Site. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.
Blog
Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs. Any information User provides in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. In order to post comments within the blog area of our Site User must be a member of our service provider's site. Our service provider will then allow us to view the comments before they are posted. To request removal of User personal information from our blog, contact us at privacy@publicseek.com . In some cases, we may not be able to remove User personal information, in which case we will inform User.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Widgets, such as the Share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect User IP address, which page User is visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Children's Privacy
Publicseek is sensitive to the issue of children's privacy. The Site, as well as its products and services, are not developed for or directed at children. Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not eligible to use the Site and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from any Visitor that we actually know is under the age of eighteen (18). Publicseek encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. If User believes that their child has provided Publicseek with any personal information without User consent, please e-mail us at privacy@publicseek.com .
Contacting the Site
If User has any questions about this Privacy Policy, the data practices of the Site, or User dealings with the Site, please feel free to contact us at 1-888-366-6565 , at privacy@publicseek.com , or at:
Publicseek
150 Motor Parkway
Suite 401, #7668
Hauppauge, NY 11788
All communications with us or our authorized agents may be monitored or recorded.
Data Protection For EU Data Subjects
Publicseek offers its services to Users located in the US only. Users may not access this site from outside of the US. However, we take your privacy seriously and respect the provisions of the GDPR. We provide the following information for EU Data Subjects:
Data Controller: Publicseek
Purpose: Management of your account to offer our services and provide the user experience.
Legitimacy: Consent of the interested party.
Recipients: Web server hosting, security and internal marketing services, data analysis, and payment processing.
International transfer: USA - Amazon (AWS) Hosting
Rights: EU Data Subjects may request, access, rectify, withdraw, delete, and/or restrict their personal data and its processing by contacting: privacy@publicseek.com
© Copyright Publicseek 2018.
