Your web browser is outdated and not supported, we support the latest versions of Google Chrome , Mozilla Firefox , Microsoft Edge and Apple Safari
Privacy policy | DatHost.net
Privacy Policy
When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand that this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your information and put you in control.
WHY DATHOST COLLECTS PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION
DatHost collects certain Personally-Identifying information(PII), necessary to carry out our business. Below we will tell you what PII we collect, why we need it and how we use it, as well as what other organisations might have access to your data.
WHAT KIND OF PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We ask users signing up for an E-mail adress, that we use to communicate important information regarding your account, and if you opt-in to it, marketing communication. For example, we might communicate a planned downtime for your gameserver or information regarding a purchase you made.                  Users that choose to make purchases of services offered by DatHost will be asked for additional information, such as name and address which is required for us to collect by accounting and tax laws. We also collect credit card details required for us to carry out that order. DatHost also collects certain information such as IP addresses for our logs and to verify your location so we collect the correct VAT rate.                  We also collect some non-personally identifying information such as browser type, language preferences and referring site. This is simply to understand our visitors interaction with our site better and improve the quality of our service. We may at times present aggregated reports of non-personally identifying information.
WHO HAS ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONALLY-IDENTIFYING INFORMATION?
We take the protection of your PII very seriously, and only ever share your information if we have very good reason to do so. Below is a list of partners and times when your PII is shared.                  We share your e-mail address with Amazon Web Services (AWS) in order to send out e-mails to you. AWS only saves your e-mail address for as long as is necessary to send out the e-mail for us.                  If you send a support ticket to us, Freshdesk will have access to the details you give us when submitting the ticket (usually name & e-mail address). This is necessary to give you a better support experience and manage your ticket.                  Google Analytics does have access to your IP address, but anonymize it and delete your actual IP address as soon as it reaches their system, upon our request.                  Braintree is our payment processor and they have access to your credit card details, which they need to carry out your purchase with us, but they don't have access to any other PII. If you choose PayPal as your payment provider, they only have access to the information you've entered in their system, and take no information from our systems.
COOKIES
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. DatHost uses cookies to help DatHost identify and track visitors, their usage of DatHost's website, and their website access preferences, which in turn help us improve the quality of our service. If you'd rather not have cookies placed on your computer, we recommend you to set your browser to refuse cookies from DatHost's websites, with the drawback that certain features of DatHost's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
Although changes are likely to be minor, our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (for example email notification of Privacy Policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review.                  We want to be as transparent as possible about the changes we make to our Privacy Policy. In this archive, you can see the previous versions of the policy:
This plugin is against Valves plugin policies. Adding this plugin to your server will get your server and steam account banned by Valve. You won't be able to host any CS:GO servers again if you get banned. Read http://dathost.net/blog/all-you-need-to-know-about-valves-plugin-policies/ for more info.
Close
Add a token for your server
Valve recently made a change to how their CS:GO servers operate. To start your CS:GO server, you’ll now need a Gameserver Login Token (GSLT) to be registered with your server.
Step 1 - Go to the GSLT creation page
You can create a token for your game servers by going to Valve’s official steam gameserver login token page here:
Step 2 - Create your token
To create a token you’ll need to fill in the two fields at the bottom of the page under “Create a new game server account”:
App ID: Fill in the ID of the game you want to create a token for. In this case, 730 for CS:GO.
Memo: Fill in the name of your new token. Make sure it is something you remember so you know which server this is for. For example, it could be the same as the hostname of your server.
Step 3 - Get the ID of your newly generated token
Once you click create, your “Login Token” will appear. Simply copy the string and paste it in the input field below:
