The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is August 1, 2011
SUMMARY AND GENERAL CONTACT INFORMATION
This Privacy Policy describes how we handle information we learn about you from our website. The information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our site. If you have questions about this policy or wish to contact us, we can be reached via any of the following:
Batesville Casket Company
One Batesville Blvd.
Batesville, Indiana 47006
Telephone: (812) 934-7500
Facsimile: (812) 934-1726
COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
For each visitor to our web site, we collect and store the following information about your computer hardware and software: your IP address and navigational data, including log files, server logs and clickstream data. We collect and store this information on an individual basis and in aggregate, or combined, form. We also collect both user-specific and aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit. This information allows us to deliver any information you request from us, such as product information. We also use the information to measure the number of visitors to our site, to administer our site, to communicate information to visitors, to diagnose problems with our server, to determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site, to improve the site and content of our web pages, to customize the content and layout of our pages and for market research purposes. All of this is done with the intention of making our site more useful to visitors.
Our website uses both persistent and session cookies to record session information, such as which web pages a user has visited; to track user activity on the site, and to enable the site to remember information about you and your preferences. We do not collect any personal data through the use of cookies.
We do not collect personally-identifying information about you, including your name, e-mail address, telephone number or postal address, when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us. Please note that some areas of our site may require you to submit information in order for you to benefit from specific features or participate in a particular activity. If at any time you do provide us with such information, we will collect it. Areas in which we may collect this type of information include but are not limited to requests for information regarding our products and services or account registration forms.
We will use personally-identifying information in connection with the purpose for which you provided it (e.g., to contact you with a response to a request for information). Additional ways in which we may use this information are as follows:
If you provide us with your email address, you may receive periodic promotional emails from us with information regarding special offers or new products or services.
If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services.
If you provide us with your telephone number, you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services.
We do not rent or sell email addresses, postal addresses or telephone contact information to third parties or otherwise share any personally-identifying information we collect with any third parties, except that we reserve the right to transfer personally-identifying information to a business affiliate, distributor, or other entity working on our behalf to serve our customers; to a third party in conjunction with the sale or similar transfer of the company or a business unit; to a third party in connection with legal proceedings and investigations of crimes or other wrongdoing. If we do share personally-identifying information with an entity working on our behalf, we will employ commercially appropriate procedures to help ensure that the disclosed information is used only for authorized purposes by authorized persons, and that safeguards are in place to help maintain the security, integrity and privacy of the information. You may opt out of having your information shared with entities working on our behalf, as discussed below. However, should you do so, you should be aware that we may not thereafter be able to provide you with our full range of products and services.
Finally, we keep any information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, both in aggregate and personally identifiable ways.
California Privacy Rights
Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, customers who are California residents can request certain information about the sharing of their own personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the past year. California residents can request this disclosure by sending a request to Batesville Casket Company, Attn: Privacy Officer, One Batesville Blvd., Batesville, Indiana 47006 or by email to privacy@batesvillesupport.com . To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.
THIRD PARTY SITES
From time to time, this website may link you to other sites on the Internet (“Linked Sites”). The Linked Sites are not under our control, and we do not control the collection or use of any information, including personally-identifying information, that occurs during your visit to the Linked Sites. Further, we make no representations about the privacy policies or practices of the Linked Sites. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of each web site you visit.
OPT OUT PROCEDURES
If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, please let us know by using the opt-out response device that can be found at the bottom of every email we deliver or by emailing us at privacy@batesvillesupport.com . To help us process your request, please include sufficient information for us to identify you in our records (your email address will suffice). Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
If you do not wish to receive mail or telephone calls from us, please let us know by sending your request to: Batesville Casket Company, Attn: Privacy Officer, One Batesville Blvd., Batesville, Indiana 47006 or by email to privacy@batesvillesupport.com . To help us process your request, please include sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records (at a minimum, we will need your postal address to remove you from our mailing list, or your telephone number to remove you from our call list). Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
If you do not wish for us to share your personally-identifying information with any third parties working on our behalf to serve our customers, please let us know by sending your request to Batesville Casket Company, Attn: Privacy Officer, One Batesville Blvd., Batesville, Indiana 47006 or by email to privacy@batesvillesupport.com . To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
INFORMATION ACCESS
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to their own personally-identifying contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them. You can access this information by sending your request to: Batesville Casket Company, Attn: Privacy Officer, One Batesville Blvd., Batesville, Indiana 47006 or by email to privacy@batesvillesupport.com . To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records.
We reserve the right to ask for information verifying your identity prior to disclosing any information to you. Should we ask for verification, the information you provide to verify your identify will be used only for that purpose, and all copies of this information in our possession will be destroyed when the process is complete.
We also offer visitors the opportunity to have inaccuracies corrected in all information we maintain about them. You can have your information corrected by sending your request to: Batesville Casket Company, Attn: Privacy Officer, One Batesville Blvd., Batesville, Indiana 47006 or by email to privacy@batesvillesupport.com . To help us process your request, please provide sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records. We strongly encourage you to keep any personal information we maintain about you accurate and current, so as to avoid any delays or problems that might otherwise arise in connection with products, services or information you request from us.
SECURITY
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of information that we have collected from you at our site, and we employ reasonable security features generally accepted in the industry to protect the security of transactions made on our site. Commercial transactions are protected via Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology.
You should keep in mind that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this site may not be secure, and you should therefore take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. Moreover, where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, it is your responsibility to safeguard them.
CHANGES TO THIS POLICY
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change materially at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website. If we have collected personally-identifying information from you, we will notify you about the changes prior to making use of your information in new ways and will provide you with a reasonable opportunity to opt out of the new procedures before they are implements. We will also honor opt out requests made following implementation of the new procedures, as discussed above.
If you believe that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above address.
1206227v2
