Electric Vehicles
Search by location
or
No local results found
To find a BMW Center, try a new search or visit one of the locations below.
CLOSEST TO YOU:
No local results found
To find a BMW Center, try a new search or visit one of the locations by expanding the list results below
A new primary dealer has been selected
Privacy Policy for BMW Assist™
Effective 10/17/2016
The BMW Assist Privacy Policy ('Policy') governs the collection, use, and dissemination of BMW Assist subscribers' personal and vehicle information. This Policy supplements any BMW Assist Subscriber Agreement you have with BMW, and any privacy provisions contained therein.
1. The information we collect. In addition to the information you provided on your Subscriber Agreement, when BMW Assist services are activated, we may collect and retain an electronic or other record of the following information: your vehicle's description, location, and direction of travel; service data, such as diagnostic trouble codes, tire pressure, fuel and odometer readings; incident data, such as information about collisions, the direction from which your car was hit, which air bags have deployed, and safety belt usage; information about anyone making a BMW Assist call from your vehicle or under your account; and the date, time and duration of the call, information and recommendations provided to you during the call, and any BMW Assist response specialist notes written during a call. We may also record, monitor, or track your vehicle's location or other information when a) you or other occupants in your vehicle request BMW Assist services, b) your airbag deploys or a severe rear impact occurs, c) your vehicle is equipped to provide stolen vehicle recovery and you report your vehicle as stolen (requires identity verification and filing of a stolen vehicle report with local authorities), or d) required by law.
Your BMW vehicle may also be equipped with one or more sensing or diagnostic modules capable of automatically retrieving, recording, transmitting, or storing certain vehicle data and/or service requirements.
2. Use of your information. We use the information we collect from you to deliver the BMW Assist services to you, manage your BMW Assist account, improve occupant and vehicle safety, prevent fraud or misuse of the BMW Assist services, analysis and research purposes, improve your service experience at BMW service centers, and enhance your ownership experience. We will not sell, trade, or rent your information to others, except in the event of sale or transfer of all or some of BMW assets or otherwise described in this Policy.
3. Disclosure of your information. We will share the information we collect with our BMW Assist Response Center, roadside assistance service providers, emergency service dispatchers and providers, concierge services providers, BMW centers, members of the BMW Group, as well as other service providers required to deliver the BMW Assist services. We may also use the information we collect for analysis and research purposes and will share information as necessary with third parties to accomplish those tasks. All service providers or third parties are contractually obligated to keep your information confidential and use the information only as we specify. We may also disclose information to individuals designated by you to be contacted in an emergency. When required, we may release information, including location data, to comply with the law, in legal proceedings, to respond to subpoenas or court orders, in cooperation with law enforcement agencies, and/or to enforce the terms of our Agreement.
Our concierge service provider may use other service providers to provide the products and services that you request when you use the Concierge Services. Personal information necessary to provide any products and services you request may be given to such third-party service providers and the BMW Assist Privacy Policy will not govern those providers.
4. Monitoring and Recording of BMW Assist Calls. For quality assurance purposes, calls to the BMW Assist Response Center may be monitored and/or recorded.
5. Updating or changing your account information. You may review, modify, correct, or update the information you provide upon activation of the BMW Assist services at any time by calling (888) 333-6118 or by sending an electronic mail message to  customercare@bmwassist.com . 
6. Protection of subscriber information. We have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.
7. Security on the cellular telephone network. In providing BMW Assist services, voice and data are transmitted between the response center and your vehicle over the cellular telephone network. This network is complex and not necessarily secure. Therefore, the privacy and security of conversations or data transmitted to and from the vehicle cannot be guaranteed.
8. Updates to the privacy policy. We may change this Policy at any time. You can access the current Policy at www.bmwusa.com or request a copy at  customercare@bmwassist.com  via email, or call BMW Assist Customer Care toll free at (888) 333-6118.
 
