Product Comparison
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. Please refine your selection.
HNSEU_Cookie_Terms_Popup
Champion processes information about your visit using cookies to improve site performance, facilitate social media sharing and offer advertising tailored to your interests. By continuing to browse our site, you agree to the use of these cookies. For more information see our Privacy and Cookie Policy.
HNSEU_top_header-right_Content
Shopping Cart
 
 
 
 
 
The data processor is: SDSA registered office at 5, rue Louis Blériot, 4460 Grâce-Hollogne, Belgium.
That has been appointed as data processor for the purpose of operating this website (“Site”) and processing the purchase orders.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Your name
Contact information such as your email address, postal address, telephone or mobile number
IP address
 
 
 
 
 
Sharing your information
 
 
Protecting your information
 
 
 
 
 
Cookies and other technologies
 
 
Information Collection
 
 
When you purchase a product or register for a competition, promotion, or newsletter; or
When you visit and use or Sites; or
 
 
As permitted by applicable law, the information that Champion collects about you may be combined to help improve your user experience and to enhance our products and services that you may be interested in. 
Information you provide
 
 
Name
Contact  information such as your email address, postal address, and telephone or mobile number
Date of birth
Website account log-in details
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Responding to your requests (including, for example, to process an order including your payment for any products you have purchased directly from us; to enter a sweepstake; post a testimonial, photograph, comment, question, or other social sharing on our websites; receive product information or catalogs through the post; or to enroll in our e-mail program.
Inviting you to participate in market research
Providing any necessary notices to our visitors and notifying them about Site updates;
Sending e-mail offers, announcements, or newsletters to your e-mail address (these e-mails may come from any of us at Champion, including any Champion affiliate);
Sending you offers, announcements, or newsletters through the mail, to the address you have chosen to provide;
Contacting you (either by a traditional voice call or through a SMS or text message) on a residential or mobile telephone number you have given us, to provide you with information about our products, special offers, or promotions;
Contacting you using a telephone number you have provided, to complete a transaction you have initiated with us;
Enabling users to register an account on the Site and to log in using their credentials from a Social Media Platform;
Providing apps or interactive features of the Site, such as product reviews or marketing communications and other information regarding our products, services and promotions;
Administering promotions, surveys and focus groups; and
Providing location-based services, including search results and other personalized content, through use of location information obtained from your mobile device.
Provide you with advertising messages that are specifically tailored to your interests
Resource monitoring: To monitor usage of Champion facilities and resources, and secure Champion premises, assets and information:
Understand how you use of the Site for internal research purposes and to enhance our product messaging to you;
Improving the content, appearance and utility of the Site
Monitoring against theft and fraud.
 
Legal and regulatory compliance: Compliance, internal control evaluations and audits (conducted by Champion and external audit service providers), and, to the extent permitted in this Notice and by the applicable law, providing assistance to law enforcement.
How your information may be shared
 
Champion respects your privacy and, accordingly, shares personal data in a limited number of circumstances. 
Within Champion
 
 
 
 
Fulfill your product requests including managing payment processing and shipping
Manage promotions or competitions
Host our sites and deliver our email or other communications
Analyze our data, sometimes along with data from other sources, to send you communications
 
 
 
 
 
 
If you would prefer not to receive these joint communications, you can opt out by following the instructions provided in any such communication or through this Policy.
Other situations where your information may be shared
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Champion will comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring your information to another country, and has taken appropriate safeguards to ensure that the transfer of data to our affiliates and suppliers outside of the EU/EES is adequately secure and protected. This has been done through the execution of standard data protection clauses adopted by the EU Commission.
Protecting your information
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
You have the right to request rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning yourself, and to complete incomplete data.
Right of erasure
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Cookies issued by third parties may allow them, during the cookie session for the following purposes:
To count the number of times advertising content is displayed and delivered via our advertising space
To identify the advertisements displayed and the number of users who clicked on each advertisement to calculate statistics
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Internet Explorer TM
Select the "Tools" menu (or "Tools"), then "Internet Options" (or "Internet Options").
Click on the "Privacy" tab (or "Confidentiality")
Select the desired level using the cursor or click on the "Advanced" button to customize your cookie management.
Firefox TM
Click on the "Privacy"
Set the mode cookie management as appropriate you
Safari TM
From the dropdown menu, select "Preferences ..."
Select the "Security" icon
Make sure that in the "Accept Cookies" option "Always or Only from sites you navigate to" is checked to allow cookies
Chrome TM
Click on "Content settings" in the "Privacy"
Section "Cookies"
Opera TM
Privacy
Privacy
 
 
 
 
 
If several people use your device, or your device has multiple browsers, we cannot ensure that the services and advertisements for your device correspond to your use of this device and not to that of another user of this device.  When sharing your device with other people it is your responsibility to configure your choices via your browser settings regarding cookies.
Other technologies
 
 
 
 
 
 
Be the first to know about releases, in-store events and promotions.
THANK YOU FOR SIGNING UP!
You will be the first to know about new releases, in-store events and promotions. Stay tuned!
YOUR INBOX NEEDS THIS
Be the first to know about releases, in-store events and promotions.
THANK YOU FOR SUBSCRIBING!
You will be the first to know about new releases, giveaways & special projects. Stay tuned!
By signing up, you agree to Champion Privacy's Policy and Terms of Use .
Follow Champion
