TracFone Wireless, Inc. Privacy Policy
Effective Date: April 1, 2017
 
All of the following categories constitute Personal Information.
Customer Identifiable Information
- As the term suggests, "customer identifiable information" is a portion of the personal information which can be associated with a specific individual, entity or device. Examples include customer name, date of birth, address, telephone number, e-mail address, partial or full social security number, device ID and geolocation. The collection of customer identifiable information is a critical element in TracFone's day-to-day operations in order to conduct business and offer services and to maintain the highest level of customer service for all customers and website visitors. TracFone endeavors to safeguard the customer identifiable information obtained from its website users and visitors (collectively, "customers") from any unauthorized intrusions.
Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI)
- This information is a subset of the personal Information that is generated in connection with the telecommunications services we provide to you. CPNI includes, for example, call details, call location information, and certain information about your rate plans and features. CPNI does not include your name, address, and phone number.
Financial Information
- TracFone collects credit card information, including account number, card holder name and address for payment of products and services purchased by customers.
Health Information
- For those customers qualifying for the federal LifeLine Assistance Program, personal information may be appended with information obtained through third party sources, such as Health Maintenance Organizations (HMO), for the purpose of corroborating a potential customer's enrollment eligibility. TracFone will share the mobile number with the HMO providers associated with those customers. If a child or other beneficiary is the qualifying recipient for the Lifeline Assistance Program, we will also collect the child's or other beneficiary's name, date of birth, and partial social security number to verify their eligibility in the program.
Network and Device Information
- We may collect information about your use of your device and our network, how you use or access our service or website, WiFi usage, and performance information. Some examples of this type of information include internet protocol (IP) addresses the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of operating system you have configured on your computer or phone, the domain name of the website and/or Internet Service Provider (ISP) from which you are linked to our website, the model of phone that you are using, device identifier ("UDID"), web browsing and wireless application use information, as well as date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in aggregate and administer our website. TracFone may also collect anonymized aggregated network strength data. This data may combine geolocation information, signal data and other information to help TracFone monitor the strength and reliability of the services we provide to our customers.
Children -
 
 
How information is collected:
We collect personal and non-personal information from customers based upon our business relationship and the nature of the products and services we provide. You supply information to us when you use our products and services, when you visit our web site, make a purchase from us, or when you establish or modify an online account. Additionally, you may also provide us with information when you interact with our customer service representatives or participate in online surveys.
 
How information is used:
TracFone uses your information for various purposes, including but not limited to, billing purposes such as the auto-refill program, to provide or change service, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, or to inform you of products and services that better meet your needs. This means that TracFone may use your information in conjunction with information available from other sources, to market new services that may be of interest to you. We also use your information for market research, and for optimizing our systems in order to deliver the best customer experience possible.
We and our authorized advertising partners use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information to help tailor the ads you see on our sites and to help make decisions about ads you see on other sites. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies employ cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here . To opt out of all IMM cookies  click here . Please note that by "opting out" you will no longer receive targeted advertising. You will, however, continue to receive general advertising in the form of generic ads.
TracFone uses mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone.  This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application.
Information Sharing
Your wireless number may be appended in the context of text messaging services operated by third party vendors. These vendors directly contact customers on behalf of TracFone, via text messages, with a series of marketing materials, reminders, etc. An opt-out mechanism is provided in these messages in compliance with applicable laws.
When TracFone uses third parties to perform services on its behalf, such as marketing, fulfillment services and shipping to customers, TracFone will request that such third parties protect your customer identifiable information consistently with this privacy policy. TracFone will not, however, disclose your customer identifiable information to third parties who want to market products to you without your express, written or equivalent electronic consent. TracFone will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for, or use of, a TracFone product or service -- including customer names and addresses -- without the consent of the customer.
TracFone may, however, use and/or disclose customer identifiable information to a third party:
to investigate and help prevent potential fraud, other unlawful activity or activity that threatens a service network;
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so;
if TracFone is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets.
Cobranding
If you are a Walmart Family Mobile customer, TracFone has partnered with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. ("Walmart®") to offer the Walmart Family Mobile service. You should be aware that any information you provide directly to Walmart will be subject to Walmart's Privacy Policy. This includes information you provide to Walmart in connection with your device purchase, upgrade, return, or replacement, whether in its stores, by phone or online, including but not limited to, if you purchase a Family Mobile device or obtain technical support for the device at or from Walmart or its agents. In addition, if you activate Family Mobile communications services at a Walmart store, Walmart may request personal information from you that is passed to TracFone as part of the activation process, but which may also be retained by Walmart. For information on Walmart's privacy policy and practices, see Walmart Privacy Policy .
 
How long your information is retained:
 
How Customers and Visitors can restrict and protect information use:
Declining e-mail offers
TracFone will only send our customers e-mail regarding promotional offers or other news if a customer grants us permission to do so and provides an email address. A customer has the right to choose not to receive TracFone e-mail direct marketing communications by opting-out or unsubscribing. A customer can opt-out or unsubscribe from our e-mail list by clicking on the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of every message or promotion delivered electronically to our customers. Upon such election, TracFone (a) will not contact that customer directly with TracFone promotional messages, and (b) will not use customer identifiable information obtained from that customer's registration to contact that customer with TracFone product or service messages.
Security
TracFone has gone to great lengths to implement technology and security features to safeguard the privacy of your customer identifiable information from unauthorized access or improper use. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). TracFone, based on its judgment, will continue to enhance its security procedures as new technology becomes readily available. However, since there is no such thing as "perfect Internet security," TracFone cannot guarantee 100% security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at privacy@tracfone.com.
Other Websites
TracFone's websites may contain links to other websites that are not owned or controlled by TracFone. Any personal information collected by such third party websites is not governed by this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you examine the privacy policies of such third party websites prior to submitting any personal information.
In some instances, our website content is also featured on other websites with differing or non-existent privacy policies. These websites may collect personal information from website visitors that may or may not be used in conjunction with our website information. Prior to supplying personal information to any third party company linking to our website, please read and understand the privacy policy of such third party company.
Advertisements
Advertisements may appear on pages throughout our website. Some advertisements may request information directly from our customers or take our customers to websites that may request personal information. TracFone has no control over its advertisers' privacy policies, so please examine the privacy policy of any company advertising on our website prior to submitting any personal information.
Public Forums/Blogs
Our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You should not provide personally identifiable information in any publicly accessible blog or community forum. To request removal of your personal information from our blogs and forums contact us at privacy@tracfone.com . In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Refer A Friend
If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address and automatically generate a one-time email to send your friend inviting him or her to visit the site. If you use the "Import Contacts" feature, we may collect your friends' names and addresses in order to administer TracFone's Refer-A-Friend program. TracFone does not store your friend's information or use it for any other purpose.
Gift Purchases
If you purchase a gift, we will ask you for the recipient's name, and mailing address in order to ship product to the individual. TracFone does not retain the recipient's information or use it for any other purpose.
Social Media Features
Our website includes Social Media Features and Widgets, such as the "Share This" button or other interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the Feature or Widget.
Surveys
Occasionally, we may conduct surveys on our website. Surveys are conducted at random and are completely voluntary to our website visitors. The survey may require a customer to provide customer identifiable information in exchange for the information or services provided by the survey. We may use this information in an aggregate manner to better tailor the types of services, information, and advertising that are provided on our website.
Mobile Applications
 
Geolocation
You may opt-out of location based services at any time by editing the location services setting at the device level.
 
How Customers and Visitors can access and update personal information:
Upon request, TracFone will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You may access, correct, or request deletion of your personal information by logging into the "my Account" portal or by contacting a Customer Care agent by calling 1-800-867-7183. In some cases we may require answers to security questions to verify your identification before any information can be amended or deleted. Additionally, in certain circumstances we may be required by law to retain your personal information, or may need to retain your personal information in order to continue providing a service.
 
Your California Privacy Rights
 
Web Site Data Collection:
 
"Do Not Track" Notice:
The providers of "do not track": and similar signals do not yet operate according to common, industry-accepted standards. Therefore, TracFone currently does not respond to those signals. For more information on Do Not Track, please visit www.allaboutdnt.com .
California customers who wish to request further information about our compliance with these requirements or have questions or concerns about our privacy practices and policies will find the contact information at the end of this policy.
Questions?
Please direct any questions or comments regarding our privacy policy to:
 
If you have any unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed to your satisfaction, please contact our U.S. based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .
NO
YES
x
NO
YES
Follow Us:
§ The $10 Global Calling Card must be combined with another Telcel  Service Plan to work. International long distance service is available  to select destinations only, which are subject to change at any time.  Calls must originate from the US, Puerto Rico or Mexico. No  international roaming allowed. Only for personal use. Calls are billed  in one-minute increments. Airtime minutes will be deducted plus the cost  of the International call. Rates are subject to change without prior  notice. Card benefits expires after 180 days of last use or 30 days  after your service is suspended, whichever occurs first. Available  online only.
*At 2G speeds, the functionality of some data applications, such as  streaming audio or video may be affected. Please refer always to the  latest Terms and Conditions of Service at www.telcel.com/us
†To  get 4G LTE speed, you must have a 4G LTE capable device and 4G LTE   SIM. Actual availability, coverage and speed may vary. LTE is a   trademark of ETSI.
††International roaming is available in  Mexico only. These plans allow calls to Mexico, the US, and other  international destinations while roaming in Mexico subject to certain  limitations. Data used while roaming in Mexico will count toward your  high speed data usage in the US. Other limitations, terms and conditions  apply. Please always refer to the latest Terms and Conditions of  service at www.telcel.com/us
**Each account is allowed to dial  up to 15 unique international telephone numbers during a 30-day plan  cycle, which resets each time a new plan is redeemed. Unlimited  international calls are available to landline and mobile numbers in  select destinations only, which are subject to change at any time. Calls  must originate from the US, Puerto Rico, or Mexico. Other terms and  conditions apply. Please always refer to the latest Terms and Conditions  of Service at www.telcel.com/us
△ By texting keywords to 611611, you consent to receive response messages
TracFone Wireless, Inc. is  using Telcel with permission from  Administradora de Marcas RD, S. de  R.L. de C.V. © 2017 TracFone  Wireless, Inc. All rights reserved.
