ELAN FINANCIAL SERVICES PRIVACY PLEDGE
At Elan, we consistently provide a high level of security, privacy and confidentiality in our handling
of information about your organization and your customers or members.
In the process of performing service for you, we may have access to information or documentation
about your organization or your customers that could be considered non-public, personal, confidential,
or proprietary. We define this 'Confidential Information' as including both information of a commercial
nature, as well as information about your customers or consumers.
We will act to ensure that all Confidential Information is held in strict confidence and disclosed
only to those employees or agents whose duties reasonably require access to such information. We
will protect such Confidential Information using the same degree of care to prevent unauthorized
use, disclosure or duplication as we do to protect our own confidential information. These
 
Browsing Our Web Site
If you are just visiting our site and not performing online transactions with us, you can browse our
site anonymously. We will not ask for personal information during your visit unless we need the
information to complete a transaction that you request or begin.
We do study site utilization patterns including visitor navigation patterns to assist us in improving
the site. This information is collected in aggregate for all our site visitors and is anonymous. The
information we collect is used to enhance your experience with our web site, such as:
Improve the web site's performance
Arrange the web site in the most user-friendly way
Customize your navigation experience with the web site
Communicate special offers and featured items to you
Respond to your question or suggestions
 
 
Registration
In order to grant online access to a product, it may be necessary to register with Elan. During registration,
we will ask you to provide us with your name, contact information, and identity verification information.
This procedure is used to ensure that your transactions with us online will always be safe and secure.
We may also ask for your e-mail address so that we can send you information you have requested or to
alert you to changes on the site. You will be provided with a user ID and password in order to access
the product's site. You will be required to change your password during your first access of the site
and every 30 days thereafter.
 
 
Security of Online Sessions
We are committed to protecting your information and online transactions. For your protection, Elan Financial
Services uses a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol, the industry standard to secure your online sessions. This
process keeps your session confidential and protects against eavesdroppers.
Every page on our web site is secured using a digital certificate from Verisign, Inc. This is shown via the
"site certificate" that is resident on all secure pages. To view this certificate, click on the image of the
closed lock or the solid key on the bottom bar of your browser window. A small frame displaying site
security information will appear. If you are using Internet Explorer, click on the word 'Subject' to
verify that you are on our Web site. Click on 'Issuer' to verify the site certification authority.
The most important aspect of securing your data is for you to select a password that will be difficult for
others to guess, and then guard it carefully. If the password is compromised, no other security method we
employ can prevent access to your data from someone who knows the password. You can help protect your
information by using your password carefully. Choose a password that would be difficult for someone to
guess ideally a combination of letters and numbers that is not related to your job or personal life. You can
make your password easy for you to remember but difficult for others to guess by stringing a few unrelated
words together, shifting a word up or down one row on the keyboard, combining punctuation characters or
numbers with a regular word, or deliberately misspelling a word. Do not write your password down or leave
it in a place where it might be discovered. If you have reason to believe your password may have been
discovered, immediately change your password.
 
 
Browsing and the use of Cookies
Elan Financial Services sites use cookies to assist us in securing your online activities and to enhance the
performance of the site. A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web site that is saved in your
computer's browser memory. It holds information a site may need to personalize your experience and to
gather web site statistical data, such as which pages are visited, what is downloaded, and the Internet
provider's domain name. Elan examines activity in aggregate, while maintaining the anonymity of users.
We do not watch individual's browsing patterns.
We also use standard web server log files to help us count the number of users on our web site and evaluate
our site's technical capacity. We use this information to determine the number of web users, to help us arrange
the pages in the most user-friendly way, to keep the site browser-friendly, and to make page content more
useful to the user. We record information on site traffic but not information on individuals visiting our
 
 
Online Surveys and Sweepstakes
Occasionally Elan may present a survey or sweepstakes via our web site. Your participation is voluntary.
Information collected may include contact information, demographic information, or opinions regarding
certain financial subjects or products. Contact information will be used to notify winners regarding
prizes or to provide participants with information they request. Survey information will be used to
 
 
Email
We will use your email address to provide you information and comment and/or reply to any questions
regarding Elan. We will not use your address or other information to deliver any unsolicited message
 
 
Linking To Other External Sites
At times, we may provide links to sites outside the control of Elan Financial Services to alert you to products,
information, and services offered by other web sites, as well as links to the web sites of our partners. These are
meant to supplement the information or products that we currently offer. When you follow a link from a page of
elanfinancialservices.com to another web site, this Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and
interaction on any other web site, including any site that has a link on elanfinancialservices.com, is subject
to the policies of that site. We encourage you to read the policies of the sites you visit to further understand
their procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing personal information.
 
 
Changes to the Elan Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this policy at any time. El
an takes the utmost care in protecting
your privacy, and intends to stay at the forefront of privacy policy and protection matters. Elan will occasionally
update our privacy policy and post those updates on this page. You are responsible for revisiting this page to review
our privacy policy updates as necessary.
 
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments, or complaints about the Elan privacy policy and/or the way it affects
you, please feel free to email us or write to us at the following address:
Elan Financial Services
