This website does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you.
Updated February 2017
Cookies
Siteseen Ltd. does not use cookies to collect any personally identifiable information about you on this website. It does, however, use software from other companies who have their own privacy policies and their own data collection practices, and in some cases, an opt-out, on their websites. This section tells you about cookies and why they are used. It also tells you how you can manage what cookies are stored on your device. Please visit each company’s privacy policy to better understand the controls available to you.
What is a Cookie?
Cookies are files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to the device you use when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies do lots of different and useful jobs, such as remembering your preferences, and generally improving your online experience. There are different types of cookies that all work in the same way, but have minor differences and uses that are described below.
Session Cookies
Session cookies last only for the duration of your visit and are deleted when you close your browser. These facilitate various tasks such as allowing a website to identify that a user of a particular device is navigating from page to page, supporting website security or basic functionality. By using this website you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device, however you can block these cookies using your browser settings. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and it's external serving vendors.
Cookies via Google Analytics and Quancast (statistics service providers)
This website uses third party statistics services to monitor it's visitors to better understand how they use it. These services are provided by Google Analytics and Quantcast who use cookies to track visitor usage, estimate general location,  connection speed and the type of the device used to visit this website. The statistics service provider will save a cookie to the hard drive on your computer in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. For further information please refer to their following privacy policies:
Cookies via Applications and Widgets
This website may implement an application or “widget” from a third party that allows interaction or content sharing by the users of this website. These widgets, such as a Facebook “Share” or “Like” button or Google Plus1 are visible to you on the page you visit. The network providing the widget may offer controls for you to manage the widget’s appearance and functionality. Your interaction with a widget typically allows the third party company to collect some information about you through the third party’s web browser cookies or its registration information. In some cases, the third party may recognize you through its widgets and its cookies even when you do not interact with the widget. Please visit each partner’s privacy policy to better understand their data collection practices and controls that they make available to you.
This website lets other companies (referred to as Third Parties) show advertisements or sponsored links on some of our pages. These other companies are third party ad servers, ad agencies, technology vendors, providers of sponsored content and research firms that set and access their cookies on your computer. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected. The use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies and not this one. The following third parties offer information about their data collection practices, and in some cases, and an opt-out, on their respective websites. Please visit each company’s privacy policy to better understand the controls available to you.
