Service Agreement between Northwest Registered Agent, LLC and client.
For terms of this agreement “Northwest Registered Agent, LLC” will be referred to as its assumed name: “Northwest Registered Agent, LLC”.
The laws of Washington State govern Northwest Registered Agent, LLC and any agreements with Northwest Registered Agent, LLC.
Client agrees this could be the coolest registered agent terms of service in the world.
Let’s start by getting the privacy stuff out of the way (If you looking for terms of service and our fee schedule, just scroll down until you see it—it’s down there)
Privacy Policy
Throughout our site, much our commentary is brash, tongue-in-cheek, and hopefully humorous, however, we are passionate about protecting your privacy, and we want any data collection on our part to be completely transparent. If you have any questions, comments, worries, or think we are not fulfilling our privacy policy, please contact us immediately at 509-768-2249.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC doesn’t knowingly or actively solicit or collect information from minors under the age of 13. If Northwest Registered Agent, LLC realizes it has collected any such information, it will be deleted. If you are 13-years-old or younger, don’t enter any information on our site.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does not share any information, personal or otherwise, with third-parties for marketing or promotional purposes.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does not sell, trade, or offer client information any third party, unless we are compelled to do so by law enforcement.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC the only time a client’s personal information may be shared is with a trusted third party for billing purposes, and on such an occasion, a client’s personal information would only be shared on the condition of absolute confidentiality.
Throughout this website, Northwest Registered Agent, LLC sometimes links to third party websites. These linked sites not governed by this privacy agreement, and may differ in the treatment of personal information and data collection.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does collect data on this website. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC collects and tracks the following non-personally identifying data: a) Cookies–these small text files (typically 4 kb or smaller) are stored in your browser and we use them to optimize your experience and track your browsing preferences on this website (you can set your browser to not accept these cookies if you want); b) Traffic Data—Northwest Registered Agent, LLC tracks and examines where users go on our website, how long they stay on a page, what they click on, and what they eventually buy. All of this data is used in an effort to make this website more helpful and informative, and to give visitors what they’re seeking.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC collects personal information on this site. Personal information is only collected when prompted in obvious places on signup and contact forms. Users have to input their personal data, usernames and passwords; we do not collect this information surreptitiously. We collect contact data such as names and addresses for inquiries and user accounts; financial data such as credit card numbers and expiration dates for billing purposes only, and only when a client purchases a service; we collect personal and business information in order to fulfill service orders.
Users, clients, and visitors to this website who have client accounts can make changes to their personal information such as contact data and company information in their client account at any time. If you believe we have collected personal information that you cannot access and need Northwest Registered Agent, LLC to alter or delete that information, please contact us at 509-768-2249.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does protects all data, personal and non-personal data, with various security measures such as firewalls, encryption keys and other control mechanisms that either meet or exceed industry standards.
We may make changes to our privacy policy from time to time without prior notice. Updates will be found here on this page, and the date below will be updated:
Last update occurred: 1/20/13
A client or visitor’s use of this site warrants and represents consent to this privacy policy. If you don’t agree to this privacy policy, do not enter any personal information, and please leave this website immediately.
Terms and Service Agreement
This is our standard agreement and pricing schedule. Only the services and descriptions of services that you hire Northwest Registered Agent, LLC to perform, relate to you. For instance, if you hire us to obtain your federal tax identification number, all items and business procedures relating to registered agent service are not applicable to you.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC is a service company designed to provide various business services including, but not limited to: registered agent services, incorporation, entity filings, etc. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC only uses the information its clients provide verbally, in the clients account, or on an order form to complete the information required on the state forms. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does not file its clients personal contact information on state documents, only the statutory minimum information needed. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC will not give out client’s personal information. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does not sell its clients information, or is Northwest Registered Agent, LLC for sale itself. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC will not release information to sales call visits to our office, phone calls, investigators, state and federal employees, etc. Due to the complexity of running a registered agent business in all 50 states, Northwest Registered Agent, LLC operates under various business names in some states, but mostly under our Umbrella company name: Northwest Registered Agent, LLC. In the few states, where we operate under a different name for registered agent filing needs, it is understood that you the client, is contracted with Northwest Registered Agent, LLC, and any contractual agreements are with Northwest Registered Agent, LLC, not the individual names in various states. All Statutory requirements are the responsibility and duty of Northwest Registered Agent, LLC, and all correspondence will be maintained through our corporate headquarters in Spokane, Washington. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC is not a law firm, and neither Northwest Registered Agent, LLC, nor its employees provide legal services or legal advice. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC tries to express its opinions and provide accurate and authoritative information and services to help individuals and entities empower themselves to do business in their state, and/or protect owner assets. The information we research for you is only a guide and meant to help your decisions, not meant as a final decision for you, or a final interpretation of a statute. No warranties, or representations, implied, or expressed, are given regarding the legal or other consequences resulting from the use of our services or forms. All services and information provided to the client are offered with the understanding that they are to be used in a prudent and legal manner.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC is a service company that tries to provide you with intelligent information derived from state and federal laws. Any information on this website, or expressed by Northwest Registered Agent, LLC is only an interpretation and opinion. This should in no way be interpreted as legal or professional advice. If you require specific tax, business, legal, or financial advice, you should seek the services of a professional in those areas. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC may be an excellent resource for you with your personal or business entity, but Northwest Registered Agent, LLC is not licensed to practice law, or file tax returns, only to file corporate documents. (Which doesn’t require a law degree and license. That is why we can save you so much money.) Any information about specific state statutes, forms, or tax information is subject to change at any time, and you should always check and thoroughly read the statutes and laws yourself for your own final interpretation.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC’s statutory representation services are limited to the receipt and forwarding of items covered under the state statutes. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC will forward your service of process and any documents by uploading them to your online account. If items are too big to scan into our database, we will forward via regular mail, after scanning the first pages of the document into our database. The use of our services does not constitute any relation to the client except as to perform our statutory duties. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does not own the entities it represents, or have any interest in them. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does not have any interests in the financial aspects of the entities it represents. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC has no obligation to forward any items if client quits using Northwest Registered Agent, LLC’s services. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC has no obligation to forward items sent without an agreement between client and Northwest Registered Agent, LLC. Client assumes all liability for items delivered to Northwest Registered Agent, LLC without an agreement, and client will be held liable for our reasonable per-item fees if we keep receiving official items that client would like forwarded.
When receiving process on behalf of the client, Northwest Registered Agent, LLC shall in no event be held responsible for any part of the lawsuit or claim. Client agrees to indemnify Northwest Registered Agent, LLC of all claims brought in these processes. The only liability Northwest Registered Agent, LLC will hold is that to provide the services the client has hired Northwest Registered Agent, LLC to provide. Client is prohibited from assigning any cause of action or remedy to any third party.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC specifically disclaims any warranty. Under no circumstances is Northwest Registered Agent, LLC liable or responsible for any damage or inconvenience caused or alleged to be caused by the use of our services. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC does not assume any legal, financial, or other liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any official documents prepared and or filed by a client directly with any state. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC will not be held liable for any fees or corrections needed for its clients filing their own documents improperly.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC cannot be held liable to client or any third party for any direct, indirect, special consequential or incidental damages, loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, and anything of this matter arising out of the use of Northwest Registered Agent, LLCs services.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLCs financial liability is limited on all aspects, only to the fees paid to Northwest Registered Agent, LLC.
Northwest Registered Agent, LLC cannot warranty or guarantee that its services are complete or error free. If we make a typographical error in our entity filings for you, we will make the correction free of charge. This does not override or change any of the liability disclaimers in this service agreement. In order to obtain Northwest Registered Agent, LLCs services for the stated fees, client agrees to assume the risk for any and all liabilities disclaimed by Northwest Registered Agent, LLC and all damages in excess of the fees paid Northwest Registered Agent, LLC.
Refunds and Fee Schedule
If client hires Northwest Registered Agent, LLC to do a filing on their behalf, client understands that state filing fees and the state expedite fees are the state charges, not ours. We do not charge extra to expedite a filing. Client understands that if the state fails to process a normal or expedited filing quickly, that the state will not issue us a refund, and in turn, we cannot issue client a refund of state filing fees or expedite fees. Client agrees to not request a refund or dispute charges on client’s credit card for filing times.
Client assumes liability for charges incurred as a result of services performed by Northwest Registered Agent, LLC on clients behalf or upon clients direction that are in addition to services bought on-line, or paid for in advance. These charges will be due upon invoice. Client assumes all liability from a tax consequence of any filings it makes or Northwest Registered Agent, LLC makes on its behalf that it ordered service for.
If Client provides a digital signature, Client agrees that this signature is acceptable for Northwest Registered Agent, LLC to use as Client’s legal signature when appropriate for work Client has hired Northwest Registered Agent, LLC to perform.
If client is an attorney hiring us for a client, and attorney loses their ability to communicate with their client, attorney agrees to help Northwest Registered Agent, LLC forward the renewal invoice to their client. Attorney also agrees to pay the resignation of registered agent state filing fee and file the document themselves, or pay our $45.00 resignation fee plus the state fees if there are any, if neither party can communicate with attorney’s client (most states have no filing fee).
It is the client’s responsibility to keep Northwest Registered Agent, LLC up to date of any changes in its address, persons authorized to receive Northwest Registered Agent, LLC’s notifications, reports, processes and legal matters. Client gives Northwest Registered Agent, LLC, and its local offices the authority to open its’ mail received and forward on to the address client designates. Northwest Registered Agent, LLC cannot be held liable for failure to get lawsuits and official mail delivered to its client if client changes its contact information without notifying Northwest Registered Agent, LLC. These changes will be considered true when we have entered them into our personal client profile information. No fees are refundable.
If you have signed up for our incorporation service, and the card holder’s name is not listed as a member, manager or officer of the entity, we may email the primary contact for credit card verification before the filing is submitted to the State. If verification is not received within 30 days, the filing may be cancelled and a refund shall be issued to the card holder minus the $25 refund/cancellation fee.
The following are a list of our few extra fees if needed:
Returned check fee:
Excessive forwarding:
* If you’re someone that gets served every day, we can use this pricing.
Usually around 15 services a year would be the cut off for “excessive”.
$20 per piece
$25
Disputed Charges:
* You dispute a charge on your credit card when you forget you hired us.
$175
Client files a mail forward/change of address form with the US Postal Service under our address:
* You’re a sketchy person, and/or abuse our address, and/or instead of stopping using our address for all your mail like a normal person,
you file a change of address with the USPS telling them our address is yours.
You also agree to immediately cancel a USPS mail forward once we find out you’re a sketchy person and tried to put one in.
You agree to immediately pay us $3500 for being a complete idiot.
$3500
If client cancels service with Northwest Registered Agent, LLC, client agrees to provide Northwest Registered Agent, LLC 60 days notice, and fill out the proper paperwork to dissolve its entity, withdraw from the state, or change its registered agent on clients own, for no cancellation fee, or hire Northwest Registered Agent, LLC to file the paperwork for you for $150.00 for dissolution (plus state fees), $30.00 for change of registered agent plus state fees.
If client is completely unresponsive, Northwest Registered Agent, LLC will file a resignation of agent after your bill is 70 days overdue. You will be charged the state filing fees for the resignation if there are any, our $45.00 resignation of agent fee, 1-2 $15.00 late fees, the prorated monthly registered agent fee rate for the time period we are still acting as agent for you, and the bill will be turned over to a collection company with their additional legally collectable collection fees.
This is not some goofy way to try to get a cancellation fee, and it is not our objective to hit a customer with an exit fee. If you don’t change your information with the state, we keep getting all your junk mail and are still on record to get your official mail because we still will have a legal responsibility to do our job as your registered agent. Basically, we have to do the job, without getting paid. If you’re canceling service with us, that’s ok, we would just like to not have to keep doing work without getting paid to do it.
