Shipping Policy
Free Shipping
Free Ground Shipping is automatically applied to all orders over $100 for delivery within the 48 contiguous states. This applies to all items listed on our web site.
Flat-rate and UPS 3-Day Select
We offer a flat rate of $6.99 for ground service on  orders under $100.  Transit time is 1-7  business days.
UPS 3-Day Select starts at $7.99 to any destination in  the US  served by UPS.  Transit time is 3  business days.
Additional Expedited Shipping Methods
For shipping within the United States , we offer the following options:
UPS 2nd Day Air – 2       business days transit time
UPS Next Day Air Saver – 1 business day in transit, delivery by end of day.
UPS Next Day Air – 1  business day in transit.
Transit time for all shipping methods does not include  weekends, holidays or order processing time.
Alaska & Hawaii  Shipping Options
We offer discounted  shipping to destinations within Alaska & Hawaii.  Rates begin at $6.99 and will not exceed  $19.99, regardless of order size.  Expedited shipping options are available for an additional charge.
International Shipping Options
For Shipments to Canada and most other international locations, we offer discounted USPS Shipping (1 -2 weeks transit time typical).
The following expedited international shipping options are available for an additional charge:
UPS Worldwide Expedited – 2 to 5 business days transit time
UPS Worldwide Saver – 1 to 3 business days transit time
USPS International – 1 to 2 weeks
Not all service options are available for all international locations
Transit times for the above international service options are typical, but not guaranteed. UPS Worldwide rates include the cost of brokering, but Economy Shipping may not. Payment of customs charges (if applicable), local duties and taxes is the responsibility of the recipient. International Terms & Conditions will be presented for review and acceptance when proceeding to Checkout with web orders. For questions please contact Customer Service .
Shipping Destinations
We require a complete street address for delivery. If you enter a P.O. Box as a delivery destination, your order can not be processed and may be delayed. If you only have a P.O. Box address please contact Customer Service .
Changes to the destination address you provided must be made prior to the order shipping. Redirecting  shipments en route will entail a $15 surcharge.
Time to Ship - "Usually Ships In"
Time to Ship and "Usually Ships In" refer to order processing time.  Ground orders typically are ready to ship within 1 to 2 business days from the time your order is placed. UPS air orders (Next Day, 2nd Day, & 3 Day Select) may ship the same day or within 1 business day, depending on the day and time the order is received. Orders placed late in the day or on weekends will begin processing the next business day.  To determine individual item processing times please refer to the item detail page (see "Usually Ships In"). Please note that all transit times are in addition to the order processing times.
Some of our products have longer processing times. This includes most items beginning with the letters "RS". To ensure quality control, domestic and international air orders for "RS" items may take up to 3-5 business days to process before shipping.  If you need an order expedited, call us at (888) 223-2545.  We'll do our best to accommodate your request (additional charges may apply).
In the rare event that an item is out of stock we will notify you by email. You will have the option of keeping the item on backorder, canceling the item, or selecting another item. Typically, we will hold the entire order until your back-ordered items arrive. We will not bill your credit card until the day your order ships.
Tracking Your Shipment
When your order ships we will notify you by email.  For this reason it is important that HouseofAntiqueHardware.com is on the list of addresses allowed by your email application.
The email will include the carrier’s tracking number for your order.
For orders requiring more than one package, or for orders including items being shipped direct from a manufacturer (drop shipped), you may receive multiple tracking numbers. If you have questions or concerns about your order, please call customer service.
Questions?
 
