This privacy policy applies solely to the collection of personal information on official University of Maryland University College (the "university") websites. Official university websites use the "umuc.edu" domain, including www.umuc.edu. Links to third-party websites are provided for convenience only and should not be interpreted as endorsement or ownership of content or policies. The university encourages website users to review the privacy policies of each website they visit.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
The university uses information available in website server logs, such as network connection details, IP addresses, date and time, and content accessed to analyze trends, to create summary reporting for troubleshooting or design purposes, and to identify performance or problem areas.
The university does not normally link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, so that the identity of users remains anonymous to the university but not, for example, the time users log on, log off and how long they visit any one site. The university uses IP addresses to identify a user when necessary to enforce compliance with law or university policies, for purposes of system administration, and to ascertain demographics and visitor usability.
The university also uses Google Analytics and similar measurement tools to understand how visitors find university websites and content and how they interact with them. We use this information to improve the user experience on the website and to optimize our marketing efforts. While the university uses various first- and third-party tools to collect and report visit data, these data are collected to measure university website and advertising performance and to inform future content and functionality development.
Personally Identifiable Information
Generally, the university does not automatically collect the identity of individual users of or visitors to university websites. The university uses personally identifiable information, provided by you, such as name and contact information, to respond to requests for information about university services, opportunities, and events and to provide information about new university services, opportunities, and events.
If you are asked to provide personal information on a university website, you will be notified of
the purpose for which the personal information is collected (for example, you may be asked to provide contact information so the university can respond to a request for more information)
any specific consequences for refusing to provide the information
your rights to inspect, amend, or correct personal records, if any
whether responses to personal information requests are required or voluntary
whether the personal information is generally available for public inspection
whether the personal information is made available or transferred to or shared with any entity
Unless otherwise notified, information provided to the university may be shared among offices within the university and with the University System of Maryland and outside entities as necessary or appropriate in the conduct of legitimate university business and consistent with applicable law. Because the university is a State educational institution, such information may also be subject to disclosure under the Maryland Access to Public Records Act (Public Records Act) . Individuals may inspect and/or correct their personal information as provided by the Public Records Act or applicable university policy.
Enrolled Student Information
Personally identifiable information about enrolled students is protected by the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), administered by the U.S. Department of Education. Learn more about UMUC’s compliance with FERPA in Policy 210.14 "Disclosure of Student Records ."
Cookies
The university websites, Google Analytics, and selected third-party online advertising networks store small fragments of text, called "cookies," in the visitor's web browser with limited information such as how the visitor was directed to the website (for example, from an advertisement), which advertisement was displayed to the visitor, whether the visitor has submitted a form, or how recently the visitor last accessed university websites.
The university uses these cookies to measure the performance of university websites and advertising, to provide interest-based advertising messages, and to inform development of new content, functionality, or services. Please review your Internet browser's help file for instructions on rejecting or deleting cookies.
Please note: Some website pages and applications that use cookies may not function properly, may provide less relevant information, or may be slower if cookies are rejected.
Advertising
The university partners with third-parties to display advertising on other websites and to measure performance of that advertising on other sites.
Third-party vendors, including Google, may show university advertising on sites across the Internet.
The university uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to display online advertising.
The university uses Remarketing with third-party social networks to display online advertising.
The university and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve advertisements based on a visitor's past visits to university websites.
The university and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies and third-party cookies together to report how the university’s ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to university websites.
The university uses data from Google's interest-based advertising or third-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics to report, optimize, and deliver interest-based advertisements.
European Union's General Data Protection Regulations (EU GDPR)
Individuals located in Europe should use the DPO contact information provided below to request information or take action based on the rights granted under EU GDPR. The university will assist you in learning more about what we do with your personal information and the purpose for which it is used as well as obtaining copies of the information we have about you. In addition, you can have incorrect information corrected or have information deleted if its storage is impermissible or is no longer needed.
Data Security
The university will take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. The university strives to implement security measures that protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of data collected. The university maintains a computer security policy .
Not all transmissions to and from university websites are secure; some website pages may not encrypt or decrypt data sent to or from the website. In addition, email messages sent to university email addresses are subject to interception. Please contact the university by telephone or postal mail if you do not wish to provide personal information electronically.
Opting Out
For convenience, visit our opt-out page to opt out of marketing communications and/or targeted advertising.
Contact Information
The university's Data Protection Officer is available to receive any questions or suggestions from you on this Privacy Policy or more generally, on the topic of data privacy.
Tracy Woods
President, AccelerEd
Changes to This Policy
This privacy policy was last updated on July 23, 2018. Any changes or amendments to this policy will be updated on this page. Advances in technology, legal developments, and new policies and practices may necessitate changes in or updates to this privacy statement. We reserve the right to change this policy without notice. It is the responsibility of the user to check this page for any changes to this policy.
The discount for Federal employees and their spouses and eligible dependents will be applied to out-of-state tuition and specialty graduate programs. It does not apply to doctoral programs. This discount cannot be combined with the Completion Scholarship for Maryland community college students or the Pennsylvania Completion Scholarship.
Undergraduate and standard graduate program tuition for students who meet the criteria for Maryland residency will be the applicable in-state rate. Tuition for active-duty military ; members of the Selected Reserves, National Guard, and the Commissioned Corps of the U.S. Public Health Service and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and the spouses and dependents of these student groups will be the applicable military or specialty rate. If you are a student using Post 9/11 benefits, please contact an advisor at 800-939-UMUC to determine if you can apply both benefits.
All students are required to pay tuition for all courses in which they are enrolled. Tuition rates are subject to the approval of the University System of Maryland Board of Regents. They may be changed, or other charges may be included, as a result of the Board of Regents decisions. Notwithstanding any other provision of this or any other university publication, the university reserves the right to make changes in tuition, fees and other charges at any time such changes are deemed necessary by the university and the USM Board of Regents.
The Board of Regents has authorized the university to charge a student's delinquent account for all collection costs incurred by the university. The normal collection fee is 17 percent plus attorney and/or court costs. The service charge for a dishonored check is $30. Requests for services (for example, transcripts, diplomas, registration) will be denied until all debts are paid.
Please see the USM residency policy for specific details about residency requirements.
Financial aid and tuition remission for University System of Maryland employees cannot be applied to noncredit courses. Golden ID benefits may not be applied to fees, noncredit courses, specialty graduate programs, or doctoral programs. Regular tuition rates apply for cooperative education, course challenge examinations, and EXCEL 301.
GI Bill is a registered trademark of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. More information about education benefits offered by VA is available on the U.S. government GI Bill website .
The UCSP 615 requirement may be waived if you previously earned a graduate degree from a regionally accredited institution. For more information, contact your academic advisor.
3501 University Blvd. East,
3501 University Blvd. East,
© 2018 University of Maryland University College. All rights reserved.
UCSP 615 | 0 Credits
