Outdoor Lighting
Featured Brands
Close
Help
Last updated: December, 2014
Welcome, and thank you for your interest in YDesign Group, LLC ("YDesign Group", "we," or "us") and our web sites at www.yliving.com , www.ylighting.com and www.ydesigngroup.com (each a "Site," altogether the "Sites"), as well as all related web sites, networks, embeddable widgets, downloadable software, mobile applications (including tablet applications), and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Privacy Policy (this "Policy") is displayed (collectively, together with the Sites, our "Service").
This Policy describes the information that we gather from you on the Service, how we use and disclose that information, and the steps we take to protect that information. By using the Service, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.
The information we collect on the Service:
User-provided Information. When you use the Service, you may provide and we may collect what is generally called "personally identifiable" information, or "personal information," which is information that specifically identifies an individual. Examples of personal information include name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and credit card or other billing information. Personal information also includes other information, such as date of birth, geographic area, or preferences, when any of that information is linked to information that identifies a specific individual. You may provide us with personal information in various ways on the Service. For example, you provide us with personal information when you register for an account, use the Service, place an order or make an inquiry by phone, post reviews or other materials, place an order on the Service, interact with us or other users of the Service through any messaging features, or send us customer service-related requests.
"Cookies" Information. When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies—small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters—to your device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Please review your web browser "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.
"Automatically Collected" Information. When you use the Service, we may automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, including "clear gifs" or "web beacons." This "automatically collected" information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message.
Third Party Web Beacons and Third Party Buttons. We may also implement third-party contentor advertising on the Service that may use clear gifs or other forms of web beacons, which allow the third-party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser in connection with your viewing of the third party content on the Service. Additionally, we may implement third party buttons (such as the Pinterest "Pin It" button) that may allow third parties to collect information about you through those third parties' browser cookies, even when you do not interact with the button. Information collected through web beacons and buttons is collected directly by these third parties, and YDesign Group does not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by a third party in this manner is subject to that third party's own data collection, use, and disclosure policies. Please see "More Information about Advertising" below to learn about how we work with third parties for our advertising.
Third Party Service Providers; Analytics. We may work with different companies and third party service providers who offer services that can assist us in better understanding how users of our Service interact with and use our Service or otherwise assist us in providing the Service ("Third Party Service Providers"). We may permit such Third Party Service Providers to use certain technologies, including without limitation web beacons and cookies, to collect certain personal information or non-personally identifiable information in connection with the provision of such services to us. For example, we currently use and may continue to use a product called Google Analytics by permitting Google Inc. to use technologies such as web beacons and cookies to collect certain non-personally identifiable information that helps us understand your usage of our Service. We may permit Google and other third party analytics providers to combine information collected through our Service with information collected from third party services, and these analytics providers may use this information to help us better understand our users, and these analytics providers may also use this information to help their other customers better understand their users. Additionally, we currently use and may continue to use a version of Google Analytics called Google Analytics for Display Advertisers, which enables Google to collect, use, and disclose information in connection with certain advertising activities. You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads at https://www.google.com/settings/ads.
Integrated Services. You may be given the option to access, register for, or place an order on the Service through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each, an "Integrated Service"), such as through the use of your PayPal account credentials, or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated Service to provide personal information or other information to us. By authorizing us to connect with an Integrated Service, you authorize us to access and store the information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, and to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Integrated Service. Please review each Integrated Service's terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.
Information from Other Sources. We may obtain information, including personal information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners, advertisers, and Integrated Services. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this Policy.
How we use the information we collect. We use information we collect on the Service in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business, including the following:
We may use the information we collect across the Service and may not segregate information by Site or other place of collection. For example, if we collect information from you through one of our Sites, we may use that information in connection with the operation of one of our other Sites. This enables us to better serve you across our Service.
We use the information that we collect on the Service to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to users, and to process and deliver entries and rewards in connection with promotions that may be offered from time to time on the Service.
We use the information that we collect on the Service to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionality.
We may use your email address or other information we collect on the Service: (a) to contact you directly or through Third Party Service Providers for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement, privacy violations or defamation issues related to, or otherwise inquire about the status of, your reviews or other materials posted on or submitted through the Service; or (b) to send communications, including targeted marketing information, special product offers, catalogs, or other information that we believe might interest you relating to products and services offered by us and by third parties we work with, such as product manufacturers or vendors. Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving any promotional communications as described below under "Your Choices."
We may use "cookies" information and "automatically collected" information we collect on the Service to: (a) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (b) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Service and third-party marketing activities; (d) monitor aggregate Service usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities on the Service.
We also may use your information as may be described in a notice to you at the time the information is collected, or in any other manner to which you consent.
When we disclose information. Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your information that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties in the following circumstances:
Any information that you voluntarily choose to include in a publicly accessible area of the Service, such as in a product review, will be available to anyone who has access to that content, including other users.
We work with Third Party Service Providers to provide website or application development, hosting, maintenance, order fulfillment, fraud prevention, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to, collect, or process your information as they provide those services for us. Generally, we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions.
We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or otherwise non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties, or Third Party Service Providers may otherwise collect and use such information, for various purposes, including without limitation (a) compliance with various reporting obligations; (b) for business or marketing purposes; (c) to assist those parties in understanding our users' interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality available through the Service; (d) for statistical and other analytical uses; (e) for product and service research, development, provisioning, maintenance, and improvement; or (f) for online advertising.
We may make information, including personal information, available to third parties for third parties direct marketing purposes. Please see the section titled "Your California Privacy Rights" for more information.
We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that our disclosure is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
We also reserve the right to disclose your information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to (a) take precautions against liability, (b) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (c) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, (d) protect the security or integrity of the Service and any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (e) protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.
Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
We also may disclose your information as may be described in a notice to you at the time the information is collected, or in any other manner to which you consent.
Your Choices
You may, of course, decline to share certain personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the Service. You may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by accessing your account on the Service. If you wish to access or amend any other personal information we hold about you, or to request that we delete any information about you that we have obtained from an Integrated Service, you may contact us at yprivacy@ylighting.com . Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
If you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial email from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by sending your request to us by email at yprivacy@ylighting.com or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this Policy. We may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us in user account functionality on the Service.
Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request, and you may receive promotional communications from us that you have opted-out from during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding the Service.
Your California Privacy Rights
We may make information, including personal information, available to third parties for third parties' direct marketing purposes. You may instruct us not to share personal information with third parties for third parties' direct marketing purposes by emailing us at yprivacy@ylighting.com . If you instruct us not to share personal information with third parties for third parties' direct marketing purposes, please be aware that this does not prohibit disclosures of personal information for non-direct marketing purposes.
More Information about Advertising
We may work with third party companies to help us tailor advertising on our Service and to place ads on other unaffiliated sites and services. In connection with this advertising, these third party companies may use information about your use of the Service, such as information about the pages and products that you have viewed. These third party companies may then use this information to show you advertisements on our Service or on non-affiliated sites based on your use of our Service. In some cases, these third party companies may combine the information related to your use of our Service (if any) with information related to your use of non-affiliated sites or services, and then use that combined information to display advertisements that may be relevant to your interests. In the course of providing these services or placing advertisements, these third party companies may use technologies that enable them to identify your device or browser, web beacon technologies, place or recognize one or more unique cookies on your computer, and may record information to these cookies based upon your activities on our Service and on third-party websites and services. Each of these companies uses the information they collect according to their own privacy and security policies. To learn more about these companies and these practices, and to opt-out from having this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted advertisements, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . Please note that opting-out from these companies' use of information to target advertisements does not opt you out from being served advertising. You may continue to receive generic ads.
You can learn more information about some of the parties we work with:
Third-Party Services
The Service may contain features or links to Web sites and services provided by third parties. Any information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of those services and is subject to those operators' policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties' privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
Children's Privacy
Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. Our Service is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Service at any time or in any manner. If we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected on the Service from persons under 13 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 13 years of age has obtained an account on the Service, then you may alert us at yprivacy@ylighting.com and request that we delete that child's personally identifiable information from our systems.
Data Security
We use certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards that are designed to improve the integrity and security of your personally identifiable information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or store on the Service, and you do so at your own risk. We also cannot guarantee that this information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If we learn of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice through the Service if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach you should notify us at yprivacy@ylighting.com .
Privacy Settings
Although we may allow you to adjust your privacy settings to limit access to certain personal information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on the Service. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other others with whom you may choose to share your information. Further, even after information posted on the Service is removed, caching and archiving services may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service. We cannot and do not guarantee that information you post on or transmit to the Service will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
International Visitors
The Service is hosted in the United States and is intended for visitors located within North America. If you choose to use the Service from the European Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. By providing any information, including personal information, on or to the Service, you consent to that transfer, storage, and processing.
Changes and Updates to this Policy
Please revisit this page periodically to stay aware of any changes to this Policy, which we may update from time to time. If we modify the Policy, we will make it available through the Service, and indicate the date of the latest revision. In the event that the modifications materially alter your rights or obligations under this Policy, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the change. For example, we may send a message to your email address, if we have one on file, or generate a pop-up or similar notification when you access the Service for the first time after those material changes are made. Your continued use of the Service after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood and agreed to the current version of the Policy.
Our Contact Information
Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your personal information, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at yprivacy@ylighting.com .
YDesign Group, LLC
Walnut Creek, CA 94596
Find out about special offers, sales, exclusive promotions, and more.
connect with us
 
FREE DESIGN GIFT WITH PURCHASE:
 
 
 
3
 
*One per customer, while supplies last. Exclusions may apply. Open-box, Clearance and Outdoor items are excluded from this offer. YLighting reserves the right to substitute an item of comparable value. The following brands are excluded from this offer: Whitney Brothers, Way Basics, Warli, Vitra, Visual Comfort, Vessel, Vermont Modern, Ubabub, TrueModern, Troy Lighting, ThayerCoggin, Terzani, Synchronicity, Swarovski, SONNEMAN Lighting, Simon Pearce, Seletti, Schonbek Lighting, Saccaro, Rossetto, Roll & Hill, Robert Abbey, Retro Bullet, Pad Outdoor, Pablo Designs, Oeuf, O&G, Nurseryworks, Nanimarquina, Modern Fan Company, Mitzi - Hudson Valley Lighting, Minka-Lavery, Minka Aire Fans, Mattiazzi, Masiero, Marset, Maharam, LZF, Magis, Loll Designs, Lafuma, KOHLER, Knoll, Kichler, Hudson Valley Lighting, Hubbardton Forge, Hollis + Morris, Hinkley Lighting, Herman Miller, Heller, Half 13, Gus Modern, Greenington, Green SRL, George Nelson Bubble Lamps, George Kovacs, Geneva Sound, GAN Rugs, Gabriel Scott, Fredrick Ramond, Frandsen, Foscarini, FLOS, Feiss, Fatboy, Fanimation Fans, Estiluz, Essey, Ergoergo, De La Espada, CSL Lighting, Copeland Furniture, Cherner Chair, Cattelan Italia, Calligaris, Bontempi Casa, Bobles, Blu Dot, Blauet, Besa Lighting, Bernhardt Designs, BDI, babyletto, AXO Light, Atmosphere, Artifort, Arteriors, Artek, Artecnica, Arper, Aquamass, ANDlight, Ameico, Amac, and Alessi.
brontofooter included
brontofooter cart recovery view file is included
https://www.ylighting.com/cart
951db3498498828e88ee1bcd21
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
0.0
USD
