Live Chat offline
Live Chat is typically available from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern.
Live Chat
Live Chat is typically available from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. Eastern.
Not enrolled?
Did you know you can manage your account, pay your bill, and even change your service online?
Registration is easy and free.
Policies
Information collection and use
Vectren collects information from our users at several different points on our web site. We do this in a secure fashion to understand how to better serve our customers. Vectren is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information collected on this site to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
The information contained in your e-mail or communication will be used to access customer services, respond to or communicate with you, address issues you identify, further improve this web site, or forward your e-mail or communication to another agency or entity for appropriate action. Information received by Vectren from your communication with this web site, including your e-mail address, is not collected for commercial marketing purposes.
Registration
We require Vectren customers to register so that we may create unique user ID and password (login) information. Residential and business customers may create their username and password, which allows them to gain access to their personal, protected account information.
During registration users must submit their contact and account information (such as name, email address and utility account number). This information is used to contact users about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest so that we may complete their requests.
Correction/updating personal information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as your phone number), or if a user no longer desires our service, we will provide assistance to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can be done on the manage profile page or by emailing a Vectren Customer Service Specialist.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (like name and service address) and financial information (like bank account information). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's request. If a request cannot be processed correctly, this contact information is necessary to contact the user.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the web site, the information is protected both online and off-line.
Our registration/order form may ask users to enter sensitive information (such as bank account information and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected - utilizing the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL). While on a secure page, such as our order form, the URL in the browser window will begin with 'https,' and the padlock icon at the bottom of the web browser window will appear locked, ensuring the transaction is safe. On other pages, this icon may appear un-locked, or open, indicating that the user is surfing an insecure page.
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also take extra precaution to protect user information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is maintained in restricted areas in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (i.e. - our billing clerk or a customer service specialist) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Additionally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you have any questions about the security at our website, you can send an email to Vectren Customer Service Specialist.
Sharing
We do not currently share any specific demographic information from this site with outside parties, nor do we provide specific credit or usage information to outside service providers. Vectren may provide customer contact information to outside providers. Such information exists independent from information collected from this site. This type of information would not be associated with a user's personal information and would not be used to identify an individual person.
We do work with outside companies to process customer billing and payment. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
In the event that we partner with another party to provide specific services, we will share names and other contact information when the user signs up for these services. These parties cannot use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these specific services.
Supplementation of information
In order for this web site to properly fulfill its obligation to our customers, it is necessary for us to supplement the information we receive with information from outside sources.
For example, in some cases to determine if our customers qualify for one of our services or if a deposit is required, we use their name and social security number to verify their identity and credit history.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer containing information about the user. By accepting a cookie, the user may save time on our site, by not have to log in a password more than once. A user that rejects the cookie may still use our site; however, the user's actions may be limited in some areas of our site. For example, the user may have to enter contact and billing information repeatedly. Using cookies enables us to target the interests of our users and enhance the experience on the site.
Log files
Web servers create log files in a standard fashion across the Web. We use our web server log information to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for the aggregate use of the site.
Site and service updates
Users may receive site and service announcement updates. Members cannot un-subscribe from these service announcements, which contain important information about the service. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to his/her account via email or phone.
Surveys & contests
From time-to-time our site users may be asked to submit information for surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user may choose whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and email address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Vectren, are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. The privacy statement on our site applies solely to information collected by Vectren.com.
Notification of changes
Although we do not anticipate a change in our Privacy Policy, if changes are made, the changes will be posted on our site so our users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and how under certain circumstances, we may disclose it.
If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email message. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected.
Copyright © 2001-2017 Vectren Corporation. All rights reserved. Permission is given to view, copy, print, and distribute material on this web site subject to the following conditions:
This material may be used only for informational, non-commercial purposes. Our customers may use the forms, applications and literature that we have provided on this web site for their personal or internal use.
Any copy of the material or portion thereof must include this copyright notice.
You may establish a hypertext link to the Vectren web site from your Internet web site so long as the page containing the link properly attributes the linked site to Vectren and does not in any way imply Vectren's sponsorship of your site. However, you may not, without obtaining Vectren's written permission, republish, redistribute or otherwise make any copies, of the materials on the Vectren site, as a part of the link, including by framing or similar means, or otherwise.
No other use of the material within this web site or portion thereof is permitted without the express written consent of Vectren.
Content and Liability Disclaimer
Vectren uses reasonable efforts to include accurate, complete and current information on this site, however, Vectren does not warrant that the content herein is accurate, complete, current, or free of technical or typographical errors. It is your responsibility to verify any information before relying on it. Vectren reserves the right to make changes and updates to any information contained within this site without prior notice.
Some restrictions apply to products and services. Some products and services are not available in all markets - check with a Vectren Representative.
Access to, and use of, this site and the content thereof is at the risk of the user. We have provided links to certain other World Wide Web sites solely for your convenience, and Vectren is not responsible for the content of any other sites. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms and other items of a destructive nature.
VECTREN MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS, EITHER EX PRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.
NEITHER VECTREN NOR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER ARISING OUT OF YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE OR ON ANY OTHER HYPERLINKED WEB SITE, OR ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE CONTENT THEREOF.
Trademarks
Vectren and the Vectren logo are registered trademarks of Vectren Corporation. Other product and service names may be trademarks of their respective companies. The absence of an identification of third party marks or the lack an attribution of ownership of such marks on this Web site should not be construed as any claim of rights by Vectren.
Dispute Resolution and Governing Law
The parties shall attempt in good faith to resolve any dispute arising out of or relating to these Terms and Conditions promptly by negotiations between executives who have authority to settle the controversy. If the parties in good faith conclude, after a good faith attempt to resolve the dispute, that amicable resolution through continued negotiation of the matter at issue does not appear likely, the parties agree to consider alternative methods of dispute resolution, such as arbitration, before beginning formal proceedings for the judicial resolution of such dispute. These Terms and Conditions and all matters relating thereto will be deemed to have been entered into in the State of Indiana and will be governed under the law of Indiana (without giving effect to the principles governing conflicts of law). Subject to the Dispute Resolution section of these Terms and Conditions, the exclusive jurisdiction for any litigation required to resolve any disputes under these Terms and Conditions will be in the state and federal courts of Indiana, and each of the parties consents to the jurisdiction of such courts in Indiana and waives objection to venue.
Consent to Monitoring
Vectren is under no obligation to monitor the material residing on or transmitted to this server. However, anyone using this server agrees that Vectren may monitor the server contents periodically to (1) comply with any necessary laws, regulations or other governmental requests; (2) to operate the server properly or to protect itself and its users. Vectren reserves the right to modify, reject, or eliminate any material residing on or transmitted to its server that it, in its sole discretion, believes is unacceptable or in violation of the law or these terms and conditions. Vectren systems and applications with access control may be used ONLY by authorized users. User processing activities will be monitored for administrative and security purposes. Anyone using these systems or applications expressly consents to such monitoring and to the use of any evidence of unauthorized access, use or modification for criminal prosecution.
Cybersecurity Risk Information Sharing
At any time and for any lawful purpose, Vectren may monitor, intercept, record, and search any communications or data transiting or stored on this information system. At Vectren's sole discretion, Vectren may disclose pertinent information to the U.S. Government and its authorized representatives to protect the security of critical infrastructure and key resources, ensure information security, or to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request.
Report an emergency
ALWAYS CALL 1-800-227-1376
To report a downed power line, potential gas leak, or other emergency, leave the area immediately and call us from a safe location at 1-800-227-1376 .
Do NOT contact us via email.
