Privacy Policy
Baskin-Robbins® in Australia; recognises the importance of privacy issues. This Privacy Policy briefly tells you how to manage the personal information that we collect, how we use and disclose this information in regards to this website, and how to contact us if you have any queries.
Generally, we use the information we collect about you for two purposes: to facilitate your order and to create a better, more personalised experience for you. Our electronic commerce and privacy standards are derived from the world’s best business practices and we abide by the following principles.
Collection of personal information by us
To access the features of the Baskin-Robbins® in Australia website you may submit information to us. The information will be transmitted to us via email which may be intercepted by a 3rd party. In addition, some contact details are stored in an online database. The kinds of personal information we collect and store will depend on what services you request from us and what personal information you provide. However, it may include (amongst other things) personal information you give us when you request information about our company or our brand or make contact with us. This information may include your name, contact details and financial information if you are applying for a franchise.
How your personal information will be used
If you provide us with information, we may e-mail you updates about our products and services. You will need to request this information either by ticking an opt-in box requesting the information, or implying you want the information by the type of request you make and method in which you supply the information. If you do not wish to remain a subscriber to this notification service or otherwise receive updates on our products and services, you are able to remove your details from our announcements database by contacting us.
We will assume that you consent to management of your personal information in the manner specified in this Privacy Policy (which may change from time to time) until you tell us to the contrary by following the instructions contained in our website or contacting us using our contact details below.
Exchange of personal information with third parties
Personal information we collect from you may be disclosed:
to any entity to which we are required or authorised by or under law to disclose such information (for instance, Federal or State law enforcement agencies and investigative agencies, courts, various other Federal or State government bodies);
to others that you have been informed of at the time any personal information is collected from you;
to our business associates and others for purposes directly related to the purpose for which the personal information is collected;
to our professional advisors and other contractors (for example IT consultants and mailing houses);
or with your consent (express or implied), to others.
We may also obtain personal and other information from some or all of the above to enable us to provide our services or products to you. When we obtain personal and other information from third parties whom we are referred to by you, we will assume and you will ensure that you have made that third party aware of the referral of the persons and purposes involved in the collection, use and disclosure of the relevant personal or other information.
Use and disclosure of personal information by us
If we use or disclose your personal information for a purpose (the “secondary purpose”) other the main reason for which it was originally collected (the “primary purpose”), to the extent required by law, we will ensure that:
the secondary purpose is related to the primary purpose of collection (and directly related in the case of sensitive information), and you would reasonably expect that we would use or disclose your information in that way; or
you have consented to the use or disclosure of your personal information for the secondary purpose; or
the use or disclosure is required or authorised by or under law; or
the use or disclosure is otherwise permitted by law (for example, as a necessary part of an investigation of suspected unlawful activity).
Collection of information other than personal information
If you visit our website, some of the information we and/or our contractors collect about your visit to our website is not personal information because it does not reveal your identity.
Site Information
When you visit our website, we and/or our contractors collect general information about your visit which may include your server address, the date and time of your visit, the pages you accessed, the information you downloaded and the type of Internet browser you used.
We and/or our contractors may use this information in anonymous, aggregated form, for statistical purposes only, to assist us in improving the quality and usability of our website.
Cookies
A cookie is a small string of information that a website transfers to your browser for identification purposes. The cookies we and/or our contractors use may identify individual users.
Cookies can either be “persistent” or “session” based. Persistant cookies are stored on your computer, contain and expiration date, and are mainly for the user’s convenience. Session cookies are short-lived and are held on your browser’s memory only for the duration of your session, they are used only during a browsing session, and expire when you quit your browser.
Most Internet browsers can be set to accept or reject cookies. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser to reject cookies or to notify you when they are being used. However, rejecting cookies will limit the functionality of our website and may cause some features to cause errors. Our cookies do not contain viruses or ””hack”” into other parts of your computer to obtain hidden personal information.
Access and correction of your personal information
You are in control of any personal information you provide to us. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us, you can let us know by contacting us at the fax number or postal address listed below. Your personal information may be stored in different locations depending upon the reason for which you originally submitted the information. The more information you can provide us about when you originally submitted your personal information, the quicker we will be able to retrieve your personal information.
In order to review any personal information we have or to ask us to delete that information or to stop further use of the information, please submit this information request form.
Disclosure of Personal Information
If you are visiting Baskin-Robbins® in Australia from a location outside of the Australia, your connection will be through and to servers located in Australia. All information you provide will be processed and maintained on our Web server and internal systems located within Australia. Selected portions of this information may be transferred to distributors.
You should be aware that we may disclose specific information about you if necessary to do so by law or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law or is necessary to protect the users of our Web site, the site or the public.
Baskin-Robbins® in Australia does not sell, rent or trade your e-mail address to third parties. We may, however, use third parties to help us provide services to you, such as fulfilling orders, processing payments, monitoring site activity, conducting surveys, and administering e-mails, drawings or contests. If personally identifiable information (i.e. name, address, e-mail address, telephone number) is provided to any of these third parties, we will require that such information be maintained by them in strictest confidence and not used for any purpose other than what we have instructed these third parties to use the information for.
Links
For your convenience, our Web site may contain links to other sites. Baskin-Robbins® in Australia is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We recommend that upon accessing any other website, you familiarise yourself with the privacy policy of each site to ensure that you are satisfied with its terms
Questions/Complaints
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us. If elements of our Privacy Policy change, we will post the policy changes in our Privacy Policy on this Web site. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about Baskin-Robbins® in Australia.
