This policy was last modified on May 25, 2018.
Welcome to http://pulse.therpf.com, a website (the "Website") licensed by Flutter Media, Inc., ("Flutter", "We" or "Us"). This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") along with the Terms of Use provides the terms and conditions governing your use of this Website. Flutter provides intriguing web content, ideas, images, advertising and messages about news, entertainment, health and culture for its community platforms, brands, partners and advertisers.
Your privacy is important to Flutter. Therefore, we have developed a Privacy Policy that covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our Privacy Policy.
By using Flutter and this Website you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy also applies to users that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from Flutter and joint marketing advertisers that collaborate with Flutter, whether via email, on third party websites, via co-registration or otherwise.
1. Collection and Use of Personal Information
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Flutter or an affiliated company, when you use our Website. Flutter and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistent with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content and advertising. You agree to provide information, which shall be true, correct and accurate, based on your knowledge. You may amend, alter or require deletion of certain details of your information by contacting the Website at the contact details provided, below.
Your information may also be stored and processed in a country other than the one where you use the Website. For purposes of sharing or disclosing data in accordance with the Privacy Policy, Flutter reserves the right to transfer your information outside of your country. By using the Website, you consent to any such transfer of your information outside of your country and also within Flutter's affiliates, subsidiaries and partners whose personnel and subcontractors, shall have access to the same provided they have agreed to abide by the terms of the Privacy Policy and the applicable data protection laws. To make sure your personal information is secure; we communicate our privacy and security guidelines to Flutter employees and enforce privacy safeguards within Flutter.
Given below are some examples of the type of personal information that Flutter may collect and how we may use it. You are advised to read the same.
What personal information we collect:
When you submit information upon registration, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, password, mailing address, phone number, email address and contact preferences, including any other usage and interaction details with Flutter, or a Flutter affiliated company. You may be required to update your information from time to time for which you shall be sent notifications.
How we use your personal information:
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on our latest product announcements, software updates and upcoming events, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages. It also helps us to improve our services, content and advertising. If you do not want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out at any time by updating your preferences on the Website.
We also use personal information to help us develop, deliver, and improve our products, services, content, and advertising and to personalize and improve your experience.
From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications and changes to our terms, conditions and policies. Since, this information is important to your interaction with Flutter, you cannot opt out of receiving these communications.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis and research to improve Flutter's products, services and customer communications.
To register for an account with us to use the Website and/or to build a website of your own.
To vendors and other third party service providers who require access to your personal information to assist in providing and improving our products. The third parties that access and use your information only on our behalf include companies such as Braintree, PayPal, Google Analytics, Facebook, Twitter, MailChimp, Matomo, Intercom and ZenDesk. For example, we partner with Braintree and PayPal to assist us in processing your payment; Mailchimp enables us to send you notifications and marketing emails (subject to your preferences); Intercom and Zendesk are used to provide support and service notifications; Google Analytics and Matomo are used for Website traffic and analytics data; and Viglink and Zendesk are used to facilitate our customer support and online Chat service.
2. Who We Share Your Information With
At times Flutter may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with Flutter to provide products and services, or that help Flutter market to customers. Personal information will only be shared by Flutter to provide or improve our products, services and advertising, however, it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. We may share and disclose your personally identifiable information only in the limited circumstances described below:
To Perform Services. In order to operate the Flutter systems properly, we may communicate with third party providers solely for the purpose of or in connection with the services, who are contractually bound to protect your information from unauthorized use or transfer.
Affiliates. We share personal information with our affiliates when it is reasonably necessary or desirable, such as to help provide services to you or analyze and improve the services we or they provide.
Users.  We share with our Users data regarding usage by End Users of their sites. For example, we provide a user with information about what web pages the End User visited within their Website and how their End Users interacted with their site. This is so users can analyze the usage of their sites and improve their services.
Service providers. We share personal information with our service providers that perform services on our behalf. For example, we may use third parties to help us provide customer support, data storage, analytics, manage our advertisements within the Website and on other sites, and to send marketing and other communications on our behalf.
Business partners.  We may share personal information with business partners. For example, we may share your personal information when our Services are integrated with their Third Party Services, but only when you have been informed or would otherwise expect such sharing.
Process payments. We transmit your personal information via an encrypted connection to our payment processor.  
Advertising. We share personal information with third parties so they and we can provide you with tailored advertising and measure and monitor its effectiveness.
Business transfers. If we're involved in a reorganization, merger, acquisition or sale of some or all of our assets, your personal information may be transferred as part of that deal.
Legal obligation. We have a legal obligation to use your personal information, such as to comply with applicable tax and other government regulations or to comply with a court order or binding law enforcement requests: a) during investigations, for prevention of any illegal activities or suspected fraud; b) situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person; c) violations of any of the terms of the Policy and to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Website or its Applications and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or as consistent with the legal requirements of United States of America; d) to comply with applicable tax and other government regulations.
Security. In order to ensure the security and integrity of our Services, may need to use your personal information in order to: a) enforce our Terms of Service and other legal terms and policies; b) to protect your vital interests, or those of others; c) to protect our and others’ interests, rights and property (e.g., to protect our Users from abuse); and d) fraud prevention.
3. Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect non-personal information (data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual). We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose.
Given below are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as industry, language, pin code, area code, unique device identifier, location and the time zone, where a Flutter product is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services and advertising.
We also may collect information regarding customer activities on our Website and from our other products and services.
This information may be aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our Website, products and services are of most interest. Such aggregated data shall be considered as non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
In the event we combine any non-personal information along with any personal information, the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
4. Cookies and Other Technologies
Flutter's Website, online services, email messages and advertisements may use "cookies" and other technologies such as pixel tags.
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can send to your browser which may then be stored on your computer's hard drive. It acts as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer, but not you personally. Cookies have the ability to store information about web pages viewed and the advertisements viewed or clicked. For registered customers, cookies can also save user information and screen preferences. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information.
These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tells us which parts of our Website users have visited and facilitates and measures the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. Our Cookie Policy  describes what we do in that regard.  
5. How We Protect Your Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. Flutter takes precautions, including administrative, technical and physical measures, to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 
When you enter personal information such as a credit card number on our website or via our app, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). For purchases made online with credit cards, we receive your credit card number in encrypted form, and transfer it to our credit card processor, Braintree, for processing. Our employees do not have access to this information. We do not store PIN data or 3-digit security codes. 
This Website has various electronic, procedural and physical security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information, or any accidental loss, destruction or damage to data. When you submit your information via the Website, your information is protected through Flutter's security systems. There may be instances where Flutter requires proof of identity before disclosing any of your information to you. You agree to be responsible to protect the security of your username and password and other registration details, if any.
Flutter may create links to other websites. You are requested to be aware that Flutter does not provide any personally identifiable information to such other websites and that it is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties. You agree that Flutter cannot control these links and Flutter shall not be responsible for any use of such websites. If you have any questions about the security at the Website, you may contact us. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are impenetrable.
7. Integrity and Retention of Data
Flutter makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete and up to date. We will retain your personal information and any data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
8. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Flutter is in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not knowingly collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided the Website with any information without their consent, he or she should contact Flutter at the contact details provided in this Privacy Policy. You as an adult should be rightfully aware, that by entering information willfully and knowingly, you have entered into a binding contract with the Website.
8. Modification
Flutter reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The policies, as and how modified, shall be updated on the Website and the same shall be notified on the Website. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you visit our Website to understand how your personal information is used.
9. Contact for any Questions
In case, you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the disclosure of your personal information, or this Website, you may contact a representative of Flutter by e-mailing us at [email protected] .
Please note that for the purposes of EU data protection legislation, Flutter is the data controller of your personal information.
10. Unsubscribe
The Website provides the user the opportunity to stop receiving communications from Flutter. In order to do this, you need to send an e-mail to [email protected] .
11. Changes To Our Privacy Policy
If Flutter decides to change its privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date above.
RPF Pulse
