Privacy & Cookie Policy
This site uses one or more companies to place advertisements for our products and services and those of third parties on our Site and third-party sites. Cookies and other non-cookie technologies such as web beacons or tags, statistical identifiers and/or mobile advertising ID (e.g., Apple’s IDFA) are used to measure the effectiveness of our ads and to determine the display of content and advertising to you based on your interests both on our site, as well as on third-party sites and mobile apps where you may visit. To support this interest based advertising solution, we, and companies who we have contracted with, may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our and other Web sites. The information collected does not enable any third-party to identify or contact you individually, without appropriate notice or consent.”
This site uses cookies to ensure you get the best user experience. For more information click  here.
Although it is our hope that you find the display of advertising to you based on your non-personally identifying browsing interests valuable, if you would prefer not to participate in the services offered through these solutions, you can always opt-out of this activity by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website by clicking http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. ” Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these non-cookie technologies, and those browser settings that block cookies may have no effect on such techniques. To learn more about Interest-Based Advertising, please visit the NAI’s website – www.networkadvertising.org
The website, located at www.eightieskids.com is operated by Murphy IT LTD, a limited liability company in the United Kingdom and whose registered office is at 31 Leeds Road, Ilkley, LS29 8DP.
During your use of our site we will collect personal information about you. This Privacy Policy sets out the information practices used by us, including the type of personal information we gather, how the information is used, and with whom the information is shared.
This Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policy forms a part of our Terms of Use.
Please read this Privacy Policy, our Cookies Policy and our Terms of Use carefully before you use our sites or send us any information. These documents constitute a legally binding agreement and contain important information about your legal rights and obligations.
By using our sites and submitting information to our sites you accept this Privacy Policy, our Cookies Policy and our Terms of Use and agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, our Cookies Policy and our Terms of Use, please do not use our sites or submit information to us via our sites.
1. Your Personal Information
1.1 We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Personal information collected during your visits to our sites is processed by us in accordance with applicable data privacy and data protection legislation.
1.2 For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (Act), the data controller is Murphy IT LTD, 31 Leeds Road, Ilkley, West Yorkshire, LS29 0TU.
1.3 We collect certain information about you when you visit our sites, register to use our sites and otherwise. We may collect and process the following information about you:
1.3.1 Information that you provide by filling in forms on our sites. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our sites (if applicable), subscribing to any service provided by us, posting material on our sites or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter any competition or promotion set up or sponsored by us and when you report a problem with our sites;
1.3.2 If you contact us, we may keep a record of any correspondence;
1.3.3 We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them;
1.3.4 Details of your visits to our sites including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
1.4 When you use our sites we will track your use of our sites by using cookies. By submitting your information to us (including, but not limited to, all personal information and User Content (as defined in the Terms of Use)), you are agreeing to the processing of your information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Cookies Policy.
2. IP addresses
We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.
3. Where we store your personal information
3.1 The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
4. SECURITY
4.1 We will implement reasonable physical, administrative and technical safeguards to help protect your personal information from unauthorised access, use and disclosure, including requiring any third party to whom we disclose your personal information to implement similar safeguards.
4.2 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our sites and therefore any transmission is at your own risk.
5. Uses made of the information
5.1 We use information held about you:
5.1.1 To ensure that content from our sites is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
5.1.2 To provide you with information, products or services that you request or which we feel may interest you, from us or from third parties, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes including contact by email, post and telephone;
5.1.3 To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
5.1.4 To allow you to participate in interactive features on our sites, when you choose to do so;
5.1.5 To notify you about changes to our sites or any services; and
5.1.6 For other purposes clearly stated on our sites or by another method at the point at which you provide your information to us.
5.2 We may use User Content (as defined in the Terms of Use) as set out in the Terms of Use.
5.3 If you do not want us to use your information as described at condition 4.1.2 above, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please make the appropriate selection on the form on which we collect your information (the registration form) or notify us in accordance with condition 6.1 below.
5.4 We do not disclose information about identifiable individuals to our advertisers, but we may provide them with aggregate information about our users (for example, we may inform them that 500 men aged under 30 have clicked on their advertisement on any given day). We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target (for example, women in the LS1 postcode). We may make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers’ wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.
6. Disclosure of your information
6.1 We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
6.2 You agree that we may share your personal information with third parties:
6.2.1 If The Go Social or some of its assets are acquired by a third party, where personal information about our users and customers is one of the transferred assets;
6.2.2 If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and any other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Murphy IT LTD, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
6.2.3 Where you have given your consent, so that such third parties may contact you directly in relation to goods or services which may be of interest to you; and
6.2.4 In the event that we use third parties to process personal information on our behalf (for example, we may use a third party to provide website hosting services or to facilitate the provision of information to you or to provide services on our behalf).
6.3 Where third parties process your personal information on our behalf, we will ensure that they have adequate security measures in place and are governed by our privacy policies in respect of the use of your personal information.
7. Your rights
7.1 You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your personal information) if we intend to use your personal information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by making the relevant selection on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us in writing at 31 Leeds Road, Ilkley or by emailing us at [email protected]
 
COOKIES POLICY
The website, located at www.eightieskids.com is operated byMurphy IT LTD, a company incorporated in the United Kingdom and whose registered office is at 31 Leeds Road, Ilkley, LS29 8DP. We are a private limited company.
This Cookies Policy sets out the cookie practices used by us, including the type of cookies we may use, the purposes for using the cookies and how you may refuse to accept or block the cookies.
This Cookies Policy and our Privacy Policy forms a part of our Terms of Use.
Please read this Cookies Policy, our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use carefully before you use our sites or send us any information. These documents constitute a legally binding agreement and contain important information about your legal rights and obligations.
By using our sites you accept this Cookies Policy, Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use and agree to abide by them. If you do not agree to this Cookies Policy, our Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, please do not use our sites.
1. Cookies
What is a cookie?
1.1. A cookie is a small text file that is downloaded onto your computer when you visit certain websites and allows a website to recognize a user’s computer or any other device. Cookies are used to help users navigate websites more efficiently and to perform certain functions, as well as to provide information to the owners of the website.
What cookies do we use?
1.2 We may from time to time use the following cookies:
1.2.1 Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our sites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into any secure areas of our sites.
1.2.2 Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our sites when they are using it. These cookies may enable us to estimate our audience size and usage pattern and may also help us to improve the way our sites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
1.2.3 Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our sites. This may enable us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences.
1.2.4 Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our sites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We may use this information to make our sites and the advertising displayed on it more relevant to your interests. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
1.3 We may also use cookies for additional purposes, including but not limited to:
1.3.1 identifying you when you sign-in to our sites (where applicable);
1.3.2 delivering content, including advertisements, relevant to your interests;
1.3.3 conducting research and diagnostics to improve our sites content and any services; and
1.3.4 preventing fraudulent activities.
1.4 Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue certain cookies as soon you visit our sites.
1.5 Please note that our advertisers and those websites linking to our sites may also use cookies, over which we have no control or responsibility.
How do you restrict or delete cookies?
1.6 Some of the cookies we use are essential for parts of our sites to operate and have already been set. You may delete and block all cookies from our sites, but please be aware that restricting or deleting cookies may impact on the functionality of our sites and your ability to use our sites.
1.7 Your web browser may allow you to restrict or delete cookies set by our sites. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org which provides general information about cookies and how you can manage cookies on your computer.
2. Changes to our cookies policy
We may revise and update this Cookies Policy at any time. Please periodically review the Cookies Policy, as your continued use of our sites indicates your agreement with any changes that we make.
