Zip code:
Effective Date: December 6th, 2016
Welcome!  This Privacy Policy applies to your use of the HomeContractorExperts.com website and any other websites, interactive services, email programs and mobile device applications provided by Meredith Performance Marketing LLC or our affiliates (collectively, "MPM," "we" or "us") that include an authorized link or reference to this policy (collectively, the "Services").  This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect about you and your use of our Services and how we use and share that information and your related choices. By using any of our Services, you agree that this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use govern your use of our Services and any dispute concerning the Services. Please take a few minutes to read them before submitting a service request or otherwise using our Services.
Information Collected.
The information we gather through our Services falls into two categories: (1) information you voluntarily provide to us when you submit a service request, comment or question, or otherwise communicate with us through the Services, and (2) information collected automatically as you use our Services.  We may also obtain information about you from third parties and combine it with the information we collect through our Services.  The following are examples of the types of information we may collect:
Your name;
Your mailing address;
Your telephone number;
Your email address;
Your service requests– e.g., information about the type of work, service or product you need from a contractor or product supplier in your area and the time frame for your project;
Home ownership information;
Your company name and business type (if you use our “Become a Pro” feature or other features designed for contractor users);
Information we collect automatically when you access our Services, including the web pages, content and advertising you view and links you click on while navigating our Services;
Information about your interaction with our email messages, such as whether you open or forward a message, the date and time of these interactions and the device you use to read emails;
The time, date and duration of your visits;
The site you visited before accessing our Services and the site you visited after exiting our Services;
Search terms you enter using our Services or on a referral site;
Unique identifiers, including mobile device identification numbers and Internet Protocol (IP) addresses that can be used to identify the approximate geographic location of your computer or device;
Your device type, screen size, browser type, language and other settings, memory capacity, plug-ins, Internet domain, operating system, carrier code, time zone and the names, versions and package IDs of software installed on your device;
Information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies (see additional descriptions of these terms below);
Information from contractors and contractor networks regarding your service requests; and
Information from third-party service providers, including analytics and advertising services and services that may help us verify the accuracy of service requests.
How Information Is Used.
We, our service providers, Provider Partners, and other third parties acting on our behalf or with our permission, may use any information collected through the Services, alone or in combination with other information provided by third parties, to:
Provide you with our Services;
Connect you with third-party contractors and operators of contractor networks that can respond to your service requests and process related transactions;
Connect you with third-party contractor networks that offer lead generation or other services to grow your business (if you use our "Become a Pro" feature or sign up for other features designed for contractor users);
Analyze and improve our Services;
Respond to inquiries you send to us;
Verify the accuracy or authenticity of service requests and related contact information;
Obtain your feedback regarding our Services, the resolution of your service requests and your interest in other services;
Provide you with news and updates;
Provide you with marketing and promotional offers;
Control the display of advertising and deliver advertising tailored to your interests, including advertising that you see on our Services and advertising you may see on social media networks or other third-party media;
Measure and analyze visitor traffic and usage patterns;
Conduct market or audience analysis and related reporting;
Prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, comply with applicable law and enforce our Terms of Use; and
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
Cookies, Web Beacons and Other Tracking Technologies.
Like most website operators, we, our service providers, Provider Partners (as defined below) and other third parties acting on our behalf or with our permission, use embedded scripts, "cookies," web beacons, device identifiers and other tracking technologies to operate, analyze, and improve our Services and tailor content and advertising to user interests. Third-party companies that provide some of the tools and features accessible through our Services and advertisers and other companies involved in the delivery of advertisements you see on our Services and other media also may use such tracking technologies to collect information about your use of our Services.
Cookies. Cookies are small amounts of data (often containing a unique identifier) that are stored in separate files within your computer or device’s Internet browser.  Cookies are accessed and recorded by the websites you visit, and by the companies that deliver the advertisements you see on our services, so they can recognize the same browser navigating online.  You can set your browser to accept or reject most cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is set.  (Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.)  It is up to you to decide whether to allow us or third parties to set cookies, but if you block cookies, you may not be able to view or access some of the features of our Services.
Web Beacons. Web beacons (sometimes called "transparent GIFs," "clear GIFs," or "pixel tags") are small strings of code that embed a small graphic image (usually invisible) on a web page or in an email or advertisement.  When your browser downloads a web beacon, the server that sends the corresponding image to your browser can recognize and store certain types of information such as cookies previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page embedded with the beacon and a description of that page.
How We Share Information.
Contractors and Contractor Networks. If you submit a service request, we will share your information with third-party contractors and/or third-party contractor network operators that may assist you with your request.  If you are a contractor and you use our “Become a Pro” feature or another Service feature designed for contractors, we may share your information with third-party contractor network operators and/or other companies that provide specialized marketing services for contractors that may help you grow your business.
Corporate Parents, Subsidiaries and Affiliates. Except as otherwise expressly noted, we may share any information collected through our Services (and any information we combine with that information) with our corporate parents, subsidiaries and other affiliated companies.
Analytics Services. We use third-party analytics services including Google Analytics (“Analytics Services”), to help analyze how users use our Services.  The information generated by cookies or other technologies about your use of our Services (the “Analytics Information”) is transmitted to the Analytics Services. The Analytics Services use Analytics Information to compile reports on user activity.  The Analytics Services may also transfer the Analytics Information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process Analytics Information on their behalf.  Each Analytics Service’s ability to use and share Analytics Information is restricted by such Analytics Service’s terms of use and privacy policy. By using our Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Analytics Services in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For a full list of Analytics Services, please contact us at privacy@meredithperformancemarketing.com .  To learn more about how Google uses Analytics Information, visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners .
Provider Partners and Service Providers. To make your experience with our Services more useful, we may offer some features in conjunction with third-party providers ("Provider Partners") that specialize in operating such services. We share with each of these Provider Partners such information as is useful or necessary to provide you with the services we offer through that Provider Partner. We also contract with other companies to provide specialized services to us including, but not limited to, advertising optimization and interest-based targeting, email message distribution, and data processing. We reserve the right to share with these companies any information we collect about you and/or authorize them to collect information from you directly for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.
Aggregated and Anonymized Information. We reserve the right to share any information about you in an aggregated or other anonymous form, which does not identify you personally with any third parties, as we deem appropriate.
Legal Compliance, Business Transfers and Other Disclosures. Additionally, we may occasionally release any information we obtain about users of our Services when we deem such release appropriate to comply with law, respond to compulsory process or law enforcement requests, enforce our Terms of Use, or protect the rights, property or safety of users of our Services, the public, MPM, our affiliated companies, or any third party.  Over time, we may reorganize or transfer various assets and lines of business. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary stated herein or on our Services, we reserve the right to disclose or transfer any information we collect to third parties in connection with any proposed or actual purchase, sale, lease, merger, foreclosure, liquidation, amalgamation, or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of MPM or our affiliates.
How Information Is Protected.
We use commercially reasonable procedures to protect the personally-identifying information that we collect while it is in our possession. No security system, however, is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.
For the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, personally-identifying information may be transferred to, processed, stored, and accessed by us, our affiliates and our unaffiliated service providers in the United States and in other jurisdictions where we or they operate. Courts and other authorities in these jurisdictions may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your personally-identifying information.  By using the Services, you consent to this transfer, processing, storage, and access of your personally-identifying information in and/or outside of the jurisdiction in which you reside.
User Preferences and Opt-Out Choices.
Email. To opt out of receiving promotional or marketing emails from us at a specific email address, you may use the unsubscribe link in the footer of any commercial email message we send, or you may click here .  Note that opting out of MPM’s commercial emails will not prevent further email or other contacts from third-party contractors or contractor networks with which we have shared your service requests.  To opt-out of these communications, you must contact the applicable contractors or contractor network operators directly or use the unsubscribe or opt-out mechanisms they provide.
Interest-Based or Online Behavioral Advertising (OBA). Internet based advertising strives to use information about your online viewing behavior to provide relevant, targeted advertising likely to be of interest to you. Click here for additional information about interest-based or online behavioral advertising. To opt-out of our use of your online viewing data to serve interest-based advertising on third-party sites and social media networks, please click here . If you opt-out, you may continue to see or receive online advertising from us; however, these ads may not be as relevant or useful to you.
Social Network Advertising and Facebook.com Website Custom Audience Ads (WCA). Facebook Web Custom Audience is a specific interest-based ads program that matches users of our Services with their Facebook user profiles so that we may deliver relevant, interest-based ads on Facebook.com. To find out more about Facebook ads programs, please click here . You can opt-out of the WCA program through the link provided in the section immediately above.
Google Analytics. You may prevent your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics by opting out through the use of the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on available at tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Do Not Track (DNT). We do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.  Instead, we offer the opt-out choices described above.
Children Under 13.
Our Services are intended only to be used by homeowners, contractors, and other adults.  Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we won't knowingly allow anyone under the age of 13 to provide us with personally identifying information online.  If you're under 13, please do not submit service requests or otherwise provide us with any personally identifying information (such as your name, email address or phone number).
Your California Privacy Rights.
(As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)
California residents have the right to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed certain types of personal information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year.  If you are a California resident and wish to receive a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the postal address specified in the “Contact” section immediately below or email your request to privacy@meredithperformancemarketing.com .  In your request, please specify that you want a "California Privacy Rights Notice."  Please allow up to 30 days for a response.
Contact.
For questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:
Attn: Privacy Office
MPM, LLC, HomeContractorExperts.com, 101 Arch Street, 8th Floor, Boston, MA 02110
or email us at info@HomeContractorExperts.com
Changes.
We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and unless otherwise noted, any changes will be effective when posted. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should not use our Services.
Our service is a 100% free and fast way to get estimates from local contractor pros in your area!
Get started today to take advantage of this incredibly easy and free service.
Meredith Performance Marketing, LLC is a premier online marketplace for connecting consumers with home improvement companies. Our contractor-matching algorithm instantly finds you multiple  pros in your area who can provide you with estimates. We do not provide contractor services ourselves, and we do not represent any individual contractors or companies.
The cheapest possible quote may not be available from the contractors we connect to you: individual quotes may vary based on the type of work, location, and coverage limits, among other factors.
