NDrive Users
NDrive collects non-personally-identifying information such as language preference, the date and time, and location of each visitor request. NDrive’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how NDrive’s users use its application. From time to time, NDrive may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its application.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain users of NDrive’s application choose to interact with NDrive in ways that require NDrive to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that NDrive gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask users who sign up for an account to provide an email address. In each case, NDrive collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the user’s interaction with NDrive. NDrive does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And users can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
In addition to other information described in this policy, we may collect and share precise location information, through methods such as mobile “SDKs”. This location information may be used by itself, aggregated, or combined with mobile identifiers (such as IDFAs and Android IDs), and shared with third parties, for purposes related to advertising, attribution (e.g., measuring ad performance) analytics and research. You can remove your consent to having your location data collected by changing the settings on your device.(Certain services may lose functionality as a result.)
You can opt-out from any interest-based advertising through your device settings. When you have opted out using this setting on a device, advertisers will not use in-app information collected from that device to infer your interests or serve ads to that device that are targeted based on your inferred interests.
Aggregated Statistics
NDrive may collect statistics about the behavior of users to its application. NDrive may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, NDrive does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
NDrive discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on NDrive’s behalf or to provide services available at NDrive’s application, (ii) need to fulfill obligations that include, but not limited to billing, payment, customer support, to operate the service, to protect our intellectual property rights, or the rights, safety or property of the registered users, and (iii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using NDrive’s application, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. NDrive will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, NDrive discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when NDrive believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of NDrive, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a NDrive application and have supplied your email address, NDrive may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with NDrive and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. NDrive takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our application may be delivered to users by advertising partners. The ad server may recognize specific information about the use of the application, such as the user’s location, and the type of action the user is performing. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, NDrive may change its PrivacyPolicy from time to time, and in NDrive’s sole discretion. NDrive encourages users to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this application after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
© 2017 NDrive, SA — All rights reserved
