Privacy Policy
We value the trust you place in us. That’s why we insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy. Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices.​
Novocura Tech Health Services Private Limited (“NTHS”), having its registered office address at Q98, Chainthanya Smaran, Kadugodi,Hosakote Road,Kannamangala Bangalore, Karnataka India 560067.
NTHS is committed to respecting the privacy of every person who shares information with it or whose information it receives. Your privacy is important to Us and We strive to take care and protection of the information We receive from You to the best of Our ability.
This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) applies to the collection, storage, use, processing, disclosure and transfer of your Personal Information (defined below) when You use the mFine website available at URL: www.mfine.*** (where *** represents various domain names) operated by NTHS (“Website”) or mobile application “mFine” available for download at Google Play Store , Apple App Store , Windows App Store (“Application”) operated by NTHS or avail any services (“Services”) offered by NTHS through the Website or Application.
The terms ‘You’ or ‘Your’ refer to you as the user (registered or unregistered) of the Website, Application or Services and the terms ‘We’, ‘Us” and ‘Our’ refer to NTHS.
The terms that are used but not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as in the Terms of Use AVAILABLE HERE
1. CONSENT
By accessing the Website or Application or by providing Us Your Personal Information Yourself or through a Primary User or by making use of the Services provided by the Website or Application, You hereby consent to the collection, receipt, storage, use, processing, disclosure and transfer of your Personal Information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that You are providing Your Personal Information out of Your free will. Where Your information has been provided by a Primary user who is authorized by You, You hereby confirm that you have provided Your written consent to such Primary User to provide Us with your Personal Information. Further, You hereby acknowledge that the collection/receipt of Your Personal Information by NTHS is necessary for the Purposes identified hereunder. You hereby consent that the collection, receipt, storage, processing, use, disclosure and transfer of any Personal Information shall not cause any wrongful loss to You if it is done in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
You have the option not to provide Us the Personal Information sought to be collected. You will also have an option to withdraw Your consent at any point, provided such withdrawal of the consent is intimated to Us in writing. If You do not provide Us Your Personal Information or if You withdraw the consent to provide Us Personal Information at any point in time, We shall have the option not to fulfill the purposes for which the said Personal Information was sought and We may restrict You from using the Website, Application or Services.
2. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. There is a tab at the end of the Privacy Policy which indicates when the Privacy Policy was last updated.
When We update Our Privacy Policy, we will intimate You of the amendments on Your registered email ID or on the Website or Application. Alternatively, NTHS may cause Your account to be logged-off in and make Your subsequent account log-in conditional on acceptance of the Agreement. If You do not agree to the amendments, please do not use the Website, Application or Services any further.
3. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
The kinds of information that We collect about You include but are not limited to the following:
Patient/Caregiver/Doctor/Health Care Professional Name,
Phone number/mobile number,
Email address,
Physical, physiological and mental health condition, provided by You and/or Your Health Care Professional or accessible from Your medical records,
personal medical records and history,
Valid financial information at time of purchase of product/Services and/or online payment,
mFine Login ID and password,
User details as provided at the time of registration or thereafter,
Records of interaction with NTHS representatives,
Your usage details such as time, frequency, duration and pattern of use, features used and the amount of storage used,
Master and transaction data and other data stored in Your user account,
Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, files accessed, errors generated, time zone, operating system and other visitor details collected in Our log files,
User’s tracking Information such as, but not limited to the device ID, Google Advertising ID and Android ID
Any other information that is willingly shared by You
(collectively referred to as “Personal Information”).
4. HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION
The methods by which We collect Your Personal Information include but are not limited to the following:
When You register on Our Website or Application,
When You provide Your Personal Information to Us,
During the course of Services provided to You by Us,
When You use the features on Our Website or Application,
Through Your device, once You have granted permissions to Our Application (discussed below),
By the use of cookies (also discussed below).
5. USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your Personal Information may be used for various purposes including but not limited to the following:
To operate and improve the Website or Application;
To provide effective Services;
To perform studies, research and analysis for improving Our information, analysis, services and technologies; and ensuring that the content and advertising displayed are customized to Your interests and preferences;
To contact You via phone, SMS, email or third party communication services such as Whatsapp, etc. for appointments, technical issues, payment reminders and other security announcements;
To send promotional mailings from Us or any of Our channel partners via SMS, email, snail mail or third party communication services such as WhatsApp, Facebook etc.;
To advertise products and Services of NTHS and third parties;
To transfer information about You if We are acquired by or merged with another company;
To share with Our business partners for provision of specific services You have ordered so as to enable them to provide effective services to You;
To administer or otherwise carry out Our obligations in relation to any agreement You have with Us;
To build Your profile on the Website or Application;
To respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise Our legal rights or defend against legal claims; and
To investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of Our Terms of Use, breach of Our agreement with You or as otherwise required by law,
To aggregate Personal Information for research, statistical analysis and business intelligence purposes, and to sell or otherwise transfer such research, statistical or intelligence data in an aggregated or non-personally identifiable form to third parties and affiliates,
(referred to as “Purpose(s)”)
6. SHARING AND TRANSFERRING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You authorize Us to exchange, transfer, share, part with all or any of Your Personal Information, across borders and from Your country to any other countries across the world with Our affiliates / agents / third party service providers / partners / banks and financial institutions for the Purposes specified under this Policy or as may be required by applicable law.
You acknowledge that some countries where We may transfer Your Personal Information may not have data protection laws which are as stringent as the laws of Your own country. You acknowledge that it is adequate that when NTHS transfers Your Personal Information to any other entity within or outside Your country of residence, NTHS will place contractual obligations on the transferee which will oblige the transferee to adhere to the provisions of this Privacy Policy.
You acknowledge that NTHS may be obligated to by law to disclose or transfer your Personal Information with Courts and Government agencies in certain instances such as for verification of identity, or for prevention, detection, investigation, prosecution, and punishment for offences, or in compliance with laws such as intimation of diagnosis of an epidemic disease. You hereby consent to disclosure or transfer of Your Personal Information in these instances.
7. PERMISSIONS
Once You download and install Our Application, You may be prompted to grant certain permissions to allow the Application to perform certain actions on Your device. These actions include permission to:
read/write/modify/delete data in relation to the Application on Your device’s storage;
view/access information relating to networks/access networks, including permission to send and receive data through such networks/access networks;
determine Your approximate location from sources like, but not limited to, mobile towers and connected Wi-Fi networks;
determine Your exact location from sources such as, but not limited to, GPS.
view/access device information, including but not limited to the model number, IMEI number, operating system information and phone number of Your device.
access device information required to send notification/push notifications.
8. USE OF COOKIES
We may store temporary or permanent ‘cookies’ on Your computer/device. You can erase or choose to block these cookies from Your computer. You can configure Your computer’s browser to alert You when We attempt to send You a cookie with an option to accept or refuse the cookie. If You have turned cookies off, You may be prevented from using certain features of the Website or Application.
9. SECURITY
The security of Your Personal Information is important to Us. We have adopted reasonable security practices and procedures including role-based access, secure communication, password protection, encryption etc to ensure that the Personal Information collected is secure. You agree that such measures are secured and adequate. We restrict access to Your Personal Information to Our and Our affiliates’ employees, agents, third party service providers, partners, and agencies who need to know such Personal Information in relation to the Purposes as specified above in this Policy and provided that such entities agree to abide by this Privacy Policy.
While We will endeavor to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure any information which We hold about You and prevent unauthorized access, You acknowledge that the internet is not 100% secure and that We cannot provide any absolute assurance regarding the security of Your Personal Information. Further, if You are Secondary User, You hereby acknowledge and agree that Your Personal Information may be freely accessible by the Primary User and other Secondary Users and that NTHS will not be able to restrict, control or monitor access by Primary User or other Secondary Users to your Personal Information. We will not be liable in any way in relation to any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information caused in relation to Your Personal Information.
10. THIRD PARTY LINKS
During Your interactions with Us, it may happen that We provide/include links and hyperlinks of third party websites. It may also happen that You include links and hyperlinks of third party websites. The listing of such third party external sites (by You or by Us) does not imply endorsement of such site by NTHS. Such third party sites are governed by their own terms and conditions and when You access such third party sites, You will be governed by the terms of such third party sites. We do not make any representations regarding the availability and performance of any of the external sites. We are not responsible for the content, terms of use, privacy policies and practices of such third party websites.
11. ACCESS
If You need to update or correct your Personal Information or have any grievance with respect to the processing or use of Your Personal Information, for any reason, You may send updates and corrections to Us at grievance@mfine.co and We will take all reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes within a reasonable period of time.
12. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS
You are not allowed to use the services of the Website or Application if any of the terms of this Privacy Policy are not in accordance with the applicable laws of Your country.
13. TERM OF STORAGE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
NTHS shall store Your Personal Information at least for a period of three years from the last date of use of the Services, Website or Application or for such period as may be required by law.
14. GRIEVANCE OFFICER
We have appointed a Grievance Officer to address any concerns or grievances that You may have regarding the processing of Your Personal Information. If You have any such grievances, please write to Our Grievance Officer at grievance@mfine.co and Our officer will attempt to resolve Your issues in a timely manner.
Version No. 1.0
