Privacy policy
Allina Health System ("Allina Health," "we," "us," and "our") owns and operates this website (this "Site"). This online Privacy Policy (this "Policy") describes our commitment to privacy and reflects the importance we place on earning and keeping your trust.
If you are an Allina Health patient, please see our Notice of Privacy Practices .
Some of the information Allina Health collects through this Site may be "personal information" — information that identifies you personally, alone or in combination with other information available to us. Examples of personal information include (but are not limited to):
contact data (such as your email address, phone number and physical address)
demographic data (such as your gender, your date of birth and your ZIP code)
insurance data (such as your insurance carrier and insurance plan)
personal preference data (such as search filters)
health and medical data (such as information you supply in response to health assessments, information about health and wellness providers you have visited and other information about those visits, and other health and medical information you choose to submit)
registration data (such as your first name, last name, and password)
credit card or debit card numbers and expiration dates if used so that you can register for events or other activities through this Site 
Other information we collect through this Site may be nonpersonally identifiable, such as your IP address and information collected by cookies.
Please note that to the extent you submit "protected health information" (as defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act) through this Site, such information is also governed by our Notice of Privacy Practices . To the extent there is a conflict between this Policy and our Notice of Privacy Practices , the stricter of the two applies.
This Policy may be supplemented or amended from time to time by additional privacy notices ("Privacy Notices"), provided at the time we collect your information. For example, certain pages of this Site may contain Privacy Notices providing more details about the information we collect on those particular pages, why we    need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information. In other cases, specific Privacy Notices may be required to comply with applicable law. 
We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and disclose your information. This Policy describes some of your choices, such as your choice to opt out of receiving "cookies." We may ask you to indicate your choices at the time and on the page where you provide your    information.
Do-Not-Track (DNT) mechanisms
Your browser may deliver a Do-Not-Track (DNT) signal to this Site. Because of the changing state of technology and conflicting views within the technology industry regarding the meaning of DNT signals, we currently do not make any guarantee that we will honor DNT signals.
Previously expressed preferences
You may change previously expressed preferences regarding how we use your information. You may be able to change preferences through your account. Otherwise, please contact us using the information provided below. You may opt out of promotional emails by    clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any promotional email we send you.
Information you manually provide
Allina Health collects the information you manually provide (using your keyboard, mouse, or touchpad) when you use this Site. For example, we collect the information you provide when you create an account, make a purchase, communicate with us, schedule an appointment, sign up for an event, or    otherwise interact with this Site.  Some of the information you manually provide may be personal information, such as your name and contact information.
Information from your browser or device
Allina Health collects information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser or mobile device. This information typically includes
your IP address
a date/time stamp
estimated geographic location
other information associated with the interaction of your browser and this Site (collectively referred to as "Traffic Data") 
The information we receive may depend on your browser or device settings. Traffic Data is stored in temporary log files that reside on our web servers.
Traffic Data is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable. Generally, we use Traffic Data in the aggregate to help us improve this Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. However, we may combine Traffic Data with other information in an attempt to identify you or we may combine it with    information that does identify you. We may also review our log files for security purposes—for example, to detect intrusions into our network—and we might share our log files with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify you.
Information collected by cookies and other technologies
We use "cookies" and other technologies to collect information and support certain features of this Site. For example, we may use these technologies to:
collect information about the ways visitors use this Site—which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page 
support the features and functionality of this Site—for example, to save you the trouble of reentering information already in our database or to prompt the settings you established on previous visits 
personalize your experience when you use this Site
improve our marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising
The information we collect using cookies and similar technologies is not, in and of itself, personally identifiable, but we may link it to personal information that you provide. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you    when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept cookies when you visit this Site, you may be unable to use all of the functionality of this Site if your browser rejects our cookies. 
Other third parties may deliver cookies to your computer or mobile device for the purpose of tracking your online behaviors over time and across non-affiliated websites and/or delivering targeted advertisements either on this Site or on other websites.
You have choices about the collection of information by third parties on our Sites. For example, if you don’t want information about your visit to this Site sent to Google Analytics, you may download an Opt-out Browser Add-on at tools.google.com . Please note that the Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to Allina Health.
To opt out of having interest-based information collected by certain entities during your visits to this site or other websites, go to aboutads.info/choices . This industry-developed website contains mechanisms for choosing whether each listed entity may collect and use data for online behavioral advertising purposes. It may be that some of the third parties that collect interest-based information on this site do not participate in the industry-developed opt-out website, in which case the best way to avoid third-party tracking of your online behaviors may be through your browser settings and deletion of cookies.
With third–party vendors
Allina Health shares information collected through this Site with third-party vendors who act for us or on our behalf. For example, we may use third-party vendors to design and operate this Site; to conduct surveys; and to help us with our promotional efforts. These third-party vendors may need    information about you to perform their functions, but they are contractually obligated to use your information only to perform contracted-for services.
With other users of this site
You may be able to submit User-Generated Content on or through this Site. In this Policy, "User-Generated Content" or "UGC" refers to content that you post using the social networking tools we make available to you and that does not constitute "Feedback" (as that term is defined in our Terms and Conditions of Use . Any personal information contained in UGC can be read, collected, or used by others. In addition, we may use UGC you submit for advertising campaigns and other promotions. We may or may not use your name in connection with such use, and we may or may not seek your consent before using the content    for such purposes. Therefore, you should have no expectation of privacy with respect to UGC you submit on or through this Site.
With our affiliates
As permitted by applicable law, Allina Health may share the information collected through this Site with other entities within the Allina Health corporate structure, such as the Allina Health Hospice Foundation. For example, we may share information    collected through this Site with our nonprofit foundations so that they contact you about making a charitable donation. These affiliate companies are permitted to use your information for their own marketing purposes and in a manner otherwise consistent with this Policy. However, before sharing your information    in this fashion, we may offer you the opportunity to "opt out" or "opt in," as required by applicable law.
In aggregate or de-identified form
We use information collected through this Site to create a compiled, aggregate view of usage patterns. We may share aggregate information with third parties so we and they can better understand our user base. We may also share with third parties information    about how particular individuals use this Site, but only on a de-identified basis ("Individualized Data"). Individualized Data is not personally identifiable, but it does reflect the usage patterns of a particular Site user, as opposed to Site users collectively. We may provide basic demographic    information (gender and age) in conjunction with providing Individualized Data. Third parties typically use this information for analytical purposes and to market their own products and services. We will take reasonable efforts to ensure that third parties cannot  and do not re-identify Individualized Data,    including by contractually prohibiting them from doing so. 
As part of a business transfer
Your information may be transferred to successor organization if, for example, we transfer the ownership or operation of this Site to another organization, if we merge with or are acquired by another organization, or if we liquidate our assets (such as our user database) and sell them individually.    If such a transfer occurs, the successor organization’s use of your information will still be subject to this Policy and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.
To comply with laws and protect our rights and the rights of others
We may disclose your information when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law, a court order or a subpoena. We may also disclose your information to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to    protect the security of this Site; to enforce or apply our online Terms and Conditions of Use or other agreements; or to protect our own rights or property or the rights, property or safety of our users or others.
As described in a privacy notice or click-through agreement
We reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any Privacy Notice posted on a page of this Site where you provide that information. By providing your information on that page you will be consenting to the disclosure of your information    as described in that Privacy Notice. We also reserve the right to disclose your information as described in any click–through agreement to which you have agreed.
This Policy applies only to this Site. Allina Health and its affiliates operate many different websites for different purposes. If you visit another Allina Health website, please take a moment to review the privacy policy posted on that site to learn what information may be collected through that site and how it is processed.
This Site may also contain links to websites that are not operated by Allina Health or its affiliates. These links are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any endorsement of the products sold or information provided through these websites, nor any association with their operators. Allina Health does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. Any information you provide to third parties on their websites is covered under their privacy and data collection policies and is not covered by this Policy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information. 
In general, Allina Health reserves the right (but does not assume the obligation) to retain the information collected on this Site as long as necessary to provide the services, products and information you request or as permitted by applicable law.
If you would like to review, correct, and/or update the personal information you have provided to us through this Site, you may be able to do so through your account. Otherwise, please contact us using the information provided below. We will respond to your request within a reasonable time or within the time set out by applicable law. When appropriate, or as required by applicable law, we will correct, amend or delete your personal information. We reserve the right to limit or deny access to personal information where providing such access is unreasonably burdensome or expensive under the circumstances, or as otherwise permitted by applicable law.
Allinahealth.org
Mail Route 10103
2925 Chicago Avenue
Minneapolis, MN 55407-1321
Reviewed by: Allina Health Legal Counsel
First published: 05/01/2000
Last reviewed: 12/01/2015
