Privacy Policy
Michigan Radio is committed to the privacy of any information you provide us. We've produced this policy to disclose the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website, as well as all the websites owned or operated by Michigan Radio.
We will do our very best to ensure the privacy of any identifiable information (such as full name, address, email address, telephone number and/or other identifiable information) you may provide us.
Information we may gather:
The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the machine that accessed the MICHIGAN RADIO Services.
General location information (based on IP Address)
The date of the visit.
The time of the visit.
The length of the visit
The path taken through the MICHIGAN RADIO Services.
The browser being used.
The amount of time spent listening to/viewing media files.
Any errors encountered.
We will not collect any information that personally identifies you to us, other than what you supply to us on a voluntary basis. However, in order to participate in some activities, you might be asked to provide some personally identifiable information.
This might be in connection with a contest registration, a subscription to email newsletters, requests for membership information, fulfillment of membership and thank you gifts, gathering editorial comments and feedback, content submissions like comments and suggestions or votes, or online surveys. In the case of surveys, the information you provide would be used only in aggregate to describe our audience and to assist us in better serving you.
Michigan Radio will not willfully disclose your personal information received online to any third party.
 Michigan Radio may use your personal contact information for marketing and promotional purposes.
If you do not want personal information which you voluntarily supply used by us for these purposes, you may "opt out" by explicitly informing us. Please note, however, under certain circumstances, opting out may prevent your participation in activities for which personal information is needed, such as contests.
When you engage in financial transactions at our websites, you may be asked for a credit card number. Our server is secure and your credit card number will be encrypted as it passes through the Internet. Such information is saved in an encrypted format or in internal systems that are protected by an internal firewall system.
You should also know:
This site contains links to other sites. Michigan Radio is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. By using this site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Michigan Radio Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time.
Please check this page regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this or any other Michigan Radio website following the posting of any changes to these terms shall mean that you have accepted those changes.
Contact Us:
 
Audio Terms of Use
 Like all other Web servers, the MICHIGAN RADIO online streaming web server automatically creates log files for each visitor who accesses the MICHIGAN RADIO Services.  These "access logs" allow us to make our online services more useful to our visitors.  For users of MICHIGAN RADIO Online and Mobile Services, the access logs record the identifier provided by your access provider for your mobile device via your wireless carrier or internet service provider ("carrier identifier").
Otherwise, the access logs do NOT record a visitor's name, address, e-mail address, credit card numbers, or any other personally identifying information. Specifically related to the access and use of the MICHIGAN RADIO streaming audio service, the USER acknowledges certain permissions and usages of their generated data. 
In exchange for the consideration of providing access to the MICHIGAN RADIO streaming audio content, the USER acknowledges and grants to MICHIGAN RADIO and its affiliates a personal, perpetual, non-exclusive limited right to receive, use and modify the raw streaming data logs and device player information from their session visits.  This data will include, but is not limited to
The Internet Protocol Address (IP Address) of the machine that accessed the MICHIGAN RADIO Services.
General location information (based on IP Address)
The date of the visit.
The time of the visit.
The path taken through the MICHIGAN RADIO Services.
The browser being used.
The amount of time spent listening to/viewing media files.
Any errors encountered.
This Evaluation Data will allow Michigan Radio to monitor and improve the quality and reliability of its online streaming service to all USERS.
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us: info@michiganradio.org or write us at 535 W William St., Ann Arbor, MI 48103.
List Exchange Policy
Long-term support from our individual members is critical to fulfilling Michigan Radio's mission of service to the community. Maintaining and preserving a strong, trusting relationship with our members is key to this vital source of support.
We will not exchange or sell your name or personal information to any outside organization. However, finding more individuals to join in supporting our services is also vital to the long-term success of our organization. Individuals who have contributed to organizations similar to ours are among the most likely to also be loyal supporters of Michigan Radio. Access to lists of donors to these community organizations is also a vital element of our efforts to raise the money needed to provide our services.
Balancing the needs and desires of our contributors along with meeting the need for efficient and effective fundraising practices are the principles that serve as the underpinning of our list exchange policy. The purpose of this policy is to ensure that we conduct our fundraising in compliance with nationally established guidelines while ensuring that our member's trust and faith in us is well placed and deserved.
Michigan Radio will, on occasion, rent membership lists from other well-established charitable, cultural non-profit, or other organizations. We will not rent member's names from any candidate for public office, committees or organizations supporting a candidate, political parties, or organizations that solicit funds for use in political campaigns for any purpose.
We believe that the opportunities for increased financial support and the cost reductions resulting from list exchanges conducted within the guidelines of this policy will help us deliver more and higher quality mission-related services to the public.
In acquiring lists, the following principles will always apply:
We will maintain complete and accurate records of the origins of membership and potential donor lists for at least such time as required by law.
We may enter into agreements with outside companies in fulfillment of member premiums or an "affinity" program, such as the Membercard. We will only enter into an "affinity" program which would offer our members a quality product at or below market price.
We will not rent lists from any organization if we believe doing so may endanger the trust between Michigan Radio and its members.
We will comply with the laws and regulations of the Internal Revenue Service, the State of Michigan, the University of Michigan, the United States Postal Service, and the certification requirements of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.
If you have questions regarding this policy, please contact us: info@michiganradio.org or write us at 535 W William St., Ann Arbor, MI 48103.  
Associated Press Content Terms of Use
The following provision applies to all visitors (which shall include persons and representatives of legal entities, whether such representatives are persons or digital engines of a kind that crawls, indexes, scrapes, copies, stores, or transmits digital content).
By accessing this Web site or digital service, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:
(i) Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and video materials shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium.
(ii) No Associated Press materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and non-commercial use;
(iii) The Associated Press will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing.
(iv) The Associated Press is an intended third party beneficiary of these terms and conditions and it may exercise all rights and remedies available to it; and (v) The Associated Press reserves the right to audit possible unauthorized commercial use of AP materials or any portion thereof at any.
If you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please contact us: info@michiganradio.org or write us at 535 W William St., Ann Arbor, MI 48103.
© 2018 Michigan Radio
