This is a for-profit website that is privately owned and not affiliated with any government agency.
Last updated: April 11, 2018
We are devoted to maintaining your privacy and are committed to customer satisfaction. This website does not share or distribute your information with any other party beyond the processing of your transaction. Your information is used solely to process your registration renewal.
We take every precaution and step possible to secure and keep your personal information private. We will not share your information. We will also remove all of your information from our records upon your request. To request the removal of your information, send an email to [email protected] . Please be aware that this Privacy Policy represents the entire agreement with you regarding your privacy and personal information shared with us.
During the processing of your transaction, we may collect information such as your current name, e-mail address, mailing address, vehicle identification number, plate number, state of residence, etc. This information is necessary for registration renewal processing and will be stored for our records for customer support purposes unless you request otherwise. When you provide any personal information to this site, you are providing it exclusively to this site to process your transaction. Your information will not be shared with others for any other reason. If you are presented with a third party offer, and accept the offer, the third party may require supplemental information from you. Any information you submit directly to a third party is subject to the third party's terms of service and privacy policy.
We may use the information collected to process your payment and send you an e-mail confirming your renewal. We may also e-mail you to follow up on your visit to our site. Please note that you may be contacted via e-mail, even if you do not complete the payment process during your visit to this site. In the e-mail you receive from us, you will be presented with an option to unsubscribe from our mailing list. You may also reply to any of our e-mails and request that your personal information be removed from our records.
During the processing of your transaction, we may correspond with you via text message or e-mail. We reserve the right to anonymously publish any feedback you may have for us during this correspondence in our "Testimonials" section of our website. Your personal information will never be shared or published. We will only ever use non-identifying quotes from your correspondence in order to formulate a testimonial, and will list the author by state, first name and last initial only.
Please note that none of your sensitive payment information will be stored in our records. This information is securely delivered to a third-party processor through 256-bit SSL encryption, and remains private.
If you have any questions about our site policies, you may contact us directly at [email protected] . Thank you.
StateRegistration.org is a private third party agency committed to making your registration renewal as simple and secure as possible. When you renew with our assistance, you benefit from these valuable enhancements to the standard online process:
One-Click Renewals
DMV Advocates
Secure Processing
Satisfaction Guarantee
-Steffan M., Texas
"I'm really impressed of how quickly you respond. Probably the best Customer Support I have ever had the pleasure of corresponding with."
-Jon L., Texas
"THANK YOU FOR THE PROMPT REPLY, YOU FOLKS CONTINUE TO DO GREAT WORK PLEASE DON'T CHANGE A THING."
-Richard D., Virginia
