TREASURY MANAGEMENT & WAREHOUSE LENDING
Protecting your privacy is important to Simmons Bank. We believe the confidentiality and protection of customer information is one of our fundamental responsibilities. Simmons Bank is committed to providing our customers a broad range of financial products and services while safeguarding customer information.
We will not disclose information about you to anyone except as disclosed in our Privacy Policy or as permitted by law.
FACTS
Why?
Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do.
What?
The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include:
Social Security number and employment information
account balances and transaction history
credit history and investment experience
How?
All financial companies need to share customers’ personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers’ personal information; the reasons Simmons chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing.
Reasons we can share your personal information
Does Simmons share?
Can you limit this sharing?
For our everyday business purposes—
such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
Yes
No
information about your creditworthiness
Yes
Yes
No
To limit our sharing
Call 866.246.2400 and the operator will assist you. You will be asked a few short questions to verify your identity and decision regarding sharing.
Please note:
If you are a new customer, we can begin sharing your information 30 days from the date we sent this notice. When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice.
However, you can contact us at any time to limit our sharing.
Questions?
Who is providing this notice?
Simmons Bank, Simmons First Investment Group, Inc. and the other entities listed in the Simmons issuing entities section (all of which are affiliates). For purposes of this notice, these entities are collectively referred to as "Simmons."
What we do
How does Simmons protect my personal information?
To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.
How does Simmons collect my personal information?
We collect your personal information, for example, when you
open an account or make deposits or withdrawals from your account
apply for a loan or use your credit or debit card
seek advice about your investments
We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies.
Why can’t I limit all sharing?
Federal law gives you the right to limit only
sharing for affiliates’ everyday business purposes—information about your creditworthiness
affiliates from using your information to market to you
sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you
State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing.
What happens when I limit sharing for an account I hold jointly with someone else?
Your choices will apply to everyone on your account.
Definitions
Affiliates
Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Our affiliates include companies with a Simmons name; financial companies such as Simmons First Investments, Inc. and REO Holdings I, LLC.
Nonaffiliates
Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies.
Simmons does not share with nonaffiliates so they can market to you.
Joint marketing
Our joint marketing partners include financial
services companies such as insurance agencies.
Other important information
Simmons issuing entities 
Simmons First National Corporation, Simmons Bank, Simmons First Investment Group, Inc., Simmons First Insurance Services, Inc., Simmons First Insurance Services of TN, LLC, Simmons First Mortgage Company, Simmons First Auto, Inc., SF Insurance, Inc.
GET IN TOUCH:
×
LEAVING SIMMONS BANK
You are leaving the Simmons Bank web site. Simmons Bank does not provide, and is not responsible for, the web site’s content or performance. Simmons Bank suggests that you consult the Privacy Disclosure on the site for further information.
Close
Continue
