The Economist Group's privacy policy
 
"The Economist Group" comprises The Economist Newspaper Limited and its subsidiaries, which together operate a number of businesses, including the following:
The Economist
CQ-Roll Call Group (including Capitol Advantage, Congressional Quarterly and Roll Call)
Bazian
Clearstate
Ideas People Media
 
Collection and use of customer information
Your personal details are collected and processed when you order, purchase, register, subscribe or make use of any of our products or services. Information is collected by the companies of The Economist Group. For our businesses operated in the EU and EEA, the companies listed at the end of this policy statement are each registered with the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office as a data controller in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
In addition, when you visit any of our websites or use any of our digital applications (such as our iPhone or iPad applications), we also collect website and application usage information (which may include your reading history and any advertisements you may have viewed), and information about your computer or other digital device and your internet connection. This includes your computer's or digital device’s IP address, the type and version of browser and operating system you use, your internet domain and, if you visited via a link from another website, the URL of the linking page.
The information we collect from you is meant to help us:
fulfil your order
personalise web content and advertising based on your personal characteristics or preferences
ensure, as far as is practical, that our websites and applications are compatible with the browsers and operating systems used by most of our visitors
conduct customer satisfaction surveys
tell you about additional products and services
tell you about other promotional activities across The Economist Group of companies or other companies with whom we have a business relationship
invite you to participate in market research, surveys and polls for ourselves or for our clients
*Please indicate your privacy preferences using the order, registration or subscription form when ordering, purchasing, registering or subscribing.
We also use your information for in-house research and analysis. This helps us to:
improve our understanding of customer needs
create marketing profiles
support strategic development
To enable us to conduct research we may share your information with third party suppliers employed to help, if compelled to do so by law, or with other third parties if you give your specific consent, such as in the case of a complaint. All results of any research and analysis will be anonymised or aggregated information and will not reveal any personal details of individual customers.
 
Ideas People Media
Ideas People Media (IPM) is part of The Economist Group, and is a digital advertising network that may deliver advertisements to pre-selected partners that address an audience of like-minded The Economist readers. We deliver advertising to this audience in part by targeting them based on their interests and browsing behavior.
 
Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your hard drive when you visit any of the Group's websites (directly or via our applications). We use information from cookies for purposes which may include:
identifying returning users, registrants and subscribers
eliminating the need for returning users to re-enter their login details
enabling you to move more easily around our sites and applications
tracking your use of our sites to better develop our sites and applications in accordance with your requirements
building up an anonymous profile based on your browsing patterns across our sites, applications and third party websites, which enables us to make advertisements and content available to you that is more relevant to your interests
 
E-mails
The Economist Group uses reputable third parties to deliver the e-mails you receive if you have subscribed to e-mail newsletters, or have chosen to receive information about Economist Group products, services and offers. These third parties use unique identifiers and invisible images (often called "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs") to perform message open sensing, message format sensing, and click-through sensing in order to bring you more relevant information.
 
External links
 
Transfer of personal data overseas
 
Individuals under 16
 
Changes to this statement
 
Companies
In accordance with the UK Data Protection Act 1998, the following companies are registered with the United Kingdom's Information Commissioner's Office as a data controller to collect information:
Data controller: The Economist Newspaper Limited 
Registered Office:  25 St James's Street, London SW1A 1HG, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z7134617 Data Protection Registration Number: 236383
Other names: The World In, The Economist, European Voice, Economist.com, Intelligent Life
Data controller:The Economist Intelligence Unit Limited
Registered Office: 25 St James's Street, London SW1A 1HG, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z6982453 
Other names: EIU, Economist Intelligence Unit, Economist Conferences, Economist Corporate Network
Data controller: EuroFinance Conferences Ltd
Registered Office: 25 St James's Street, London SW1A 1HG, UK
ICO Registered Number: Z4865712
Other names: EuroFinance Intelligence, EuroFinance Training
 
How do you contact us?
If you have questions about this policy or Ideas People Media, please send correspondence to us at the following address:
The Economist Group
 
To relay any concern regarding the respect of your privacy, you may use this email address:
dataprotectionofficer@economist.com
 
Last update—March 24th, 2016
Get 10% off your next order. We'll email you a discount code.
To find out how we also use your email address for other marketing purposes, including how else we may contact you, please visit our Privacy Policy .
american express
apple pay
diners club
Join our mailing list to receive 10% off next purchase
We would love to keep you informed about our best offers and new product offerings at The Economist Store.
To find out how we also use your email address for other marketing purposes, including how else we may contact you, please visit our Privacy Policy
Thanks for signing up!
Great! Please check your email in order to confirm your sign up and you're all set!
