Introduction
Improvemortgage.com (herein referred to as "we", "us" or "our") considers your privacy a very important issue. We design and operate our services with the protection of your privacy as a primary concern.
By accessing or using our Services, you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of Your Information (collectively, "Use of Your Information") as described in this Privacy Policy.
Information We Collect and Receive About You
We collect Personally identifiable information ("PII") that you provide us via the Site so that we may provide you with the service(s) we offer. You are not obligated to provide us with PII; however, if you do not provide us with certain information that we request, we may not be able to respond to your requests, process your applications or otherwise conduct the business contemplated between you and us.
For example, in order to provide you with mortgage quotes, we collect your personal contact information including name, telephone number, mailing address, email address, gender, birthday and marital status. Also we collect information about your vehicles and drivers and may also collect information about your credit and your existing insurance coverage.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a test file that is placed in the browser files of your computer when you visit a website. The cookie enables us to relate your use of our website to information that you specifically and knowingly provided to us. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and to provide content we believe may be of interest to you. Additionally we track usage statistics to better understand how people interact with our site. Cookies do not collect personally identifiable information; the information collected is in an aggregate, non-identifiable form. When you visit our site, we also capture the user agent string from your device which helps us classify the type of device you are using to interact with the Site (e.g. desktop, tablet, mobile device). The user agent string does not, however, collect any personally identifiable information.
Use of Information
We may make Use of Your Information for various lawful business purposes. Among others, these purposes may include using Your Information to:
Engage in customer support. For example, we might confirm and complete transactions requested by you, verify information you provide to us and provide you with administrative notices.
Contact you and provide you with information. For example, we might provide or contact you through telephone, email, postal or other communications with Service updates, promotional materials, surveys, offers, quotes, personalized information and other information from us or our business partners.
Analyze, improve and manage our Services and operations. For example, we might obtain feedback regarding our Services, understand and anticipate your needs and preferences, better understand your use of our Services, customize and tailor Service content and advertising, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, engage in statistical analysis and provide feedback to our vendors, advertisers and other third parties. Resolve problems and disputes, and engage in other legal and security matters. For example, we may use Your Information to comply with, monitor compliance with and enforce this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use and any other applicable agreements and policies, meet other legal and regulatory requirements, and to protect the security and integrity of our Services.
We may disclose Your Information: To any person who, in our reasonable judgment, is authorized to receive Your Information as your agent, including as a result of your business dealings with that person (for example, your attorney); To our third-party vendors so that they may provide support for our internal and business operations, including for the handling of data processing, data verification, data storage, surveys, research, internal marketing, delivery of promotional, marketing and transaction materials, and our Services' maintenance and security. These companies are authorized to Use Your Information only as necessary to provide these services to us and are contractually obligated to keep Your Information confidential; To third parties such as insurance providers when you use our Services to request a quote, services, or information from one or more of those third parties,such as by clicking "get your quotes" or other similar buttons at the end of a form, and we may be compensated for such disclosure; To third parties when you engage in certain activities through our Services that are sponsored by them, such as purchasing products or services offered by a third party, electing to receive information or communications from a third party, or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, games or other programs sponsored, in whole or in part, by a third party. When we disclose Your Information to these third parties, we may be compensated, and Your Information will become subject to the information use and sharing practices of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by this Privacy Policy with respect to its use and further sharing of Your Information; To third parties that are interested in contacting you or providing offers to you that may be related to our Services or about products or services you may find of interest, and we may be compensated for such disclosure; As required by law or ordered by a court, regulatory, or administrative agency;
As we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, if we believe that you are violating any applicable law, rule or regulation, or are otherwise interfering with another's rights or property, including, without limitation, our rights or property;
If requested by authorities in the event of any act of terrorism or instance of local, regional or national emergency; To enforce or protect our rights;
To our affiliated companies (i.e., companies under common control or management with us).
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us and we take commercially reasonable precautions in an effort to safeguard it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, please use the Contact Form found in home page.
Affiliated and Other Third Party Websites and Advertisements
This Policy applies only to improvemortgage.com. The Site may contain links to other websites that we believe may be beneficial to our users. Please be aware, however, that we do not exercise control over the website(s) of any third party that you may click to or view as part of a frame on a page on this Site. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personally identifiable information from you. We are not responsible or liable, financially or otherwise, for the privacy policies or practices of these sites or the actions or policies of any third party. You should read and understand the applicable privacy policies of those third parties before providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party. You should always be careful in how you share any sensitive personal information with any third party.
Changes in this Policy
If we change our privacy practices, we will post a revised version of the Policy on this Site and the revised Policy will be effective when posted. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, so please review the Site frequently for any changes. By continuing to use the services or the Site after the revised Policy is posted, you will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, and you will be subject to, such amended or revised Policy. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. By continuing to use the services or the Site after the revised Policy is posted, you will be deemed to have been made aware of and to have accepted, and you will be subject to, such amended or revised Policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions or concerns about our privacy practices or wish to make a request regarding Your Information, please fill the Contact Form found in improvemortgage.com home page.
