Recent Articles
Recent Articles
Privacy Policy
At Palo Alto Software (Palo Alto Software, Inc. and our affiliates) we are committed to protecting your privacy.
This Privacy Policy governs our data collection, processing and usage practices. It also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal information. By using the Websites or the Subscription Services, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the data practices described in this Privacy Policy, you should not use the Websites or the Subscription Services.
1. Definitions
1.1. “Personal Information”
This refers to any information that identifies you personally, including contact information, such as your name, e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, and other information about yourself or your business. Personal Information can also include information about any transactions, both free and paid, that you enter into on the Websites, and information about you that is available on the internet, such as from Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter and Google, or publicly available information that we acquire from service providers.
1.2. “Websites” and “Subscription Services”
This Privacy Policy applies to our websites (Websites), including www.paloalto.com, www.bplans.com, www.mplans.com, www.liveplan.com, www.emailcenterpro.com, www.outpost.co, as well as any other sites owned and operated by us. The Privacy Policy also applies to our Subscription Services offered through our Websites (the Subscription Services), including our associated mobile applications (Mobile Apps) owned and controlled by Palo Alto Software.
2. Changes and Updates
We periodically update this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be effective from the time of publication of the new Privacy Policy.
Your use of the Websites or Subscription Services after changes to this Privacy Policy have been implemented implicitly expresses your acknowledgement and acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If the new Privacy Policy does not suit you, you must no longer use the Websites or Subscription Services.
3. Questions and Concerns
Any questions about this privacy policy, or if you want to update, delete, or change any personal information we hold, please contact us at privacy@paloalto.com or by postal mail at:
Palo Alto Software, Inc.
Eugene, OR 97401
VeraSafe has been appointed as Palo Alto Software's representative in the European Union for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to privacy@paloalto.com , only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form: https://www.verasafe.com/privacy-services/contact-article-27-representative
Alternatively, VeraSafe can be contacted at:
Matthew Joseph
North Point Business Park
4. Information We Collect
4.1. Information you voluntarily provide when you visit our Websites and use our Subscription Services
You are free to explore our Websites without providing any Personal Information about yourself. You may also voluntarily provide Personal Information to us when you sign up to receive additional information from our Websites or sign up for one of our Subscription Services, contact our customer service team, send us an email, post a comment on our blogs, or communicate with us in any other way. The information we collect may include your name, address, email address, IP address, phone number, credit card information, location, and other demographic information. By giving us this information, you consent to this information being collected, used, disclosed, transferred to the United States and stored by us.
Our online Subscription Services allow you to create business plans, analyze accounting data, and manage email and other electronic communications.
Users of our Subscription Services can store any type of information in the services, but Palo Alto Software does not access or share that data, and does not know what type of data you or other users are storing. The data is only used by the account owner and invited users as they intend to use it.
4.2. Payment and Order Information
We collect and process payment information from you when you subscribe to any of our Subscription Services or order any products or services from our Websites, including credit cards numbers, billing information, and shipping information using third party PCI-compliant service providers. Except for this, we do not collect Sensitive Information from you.
4.3. Information we collect automatically
When you use any of our Subscription Services or browse one of our Websites, we may collect information about your visit to our Websites, your usage of the Subscription Services, and your web browsing. That information may include your IP address, your operating system, your browser ID, your browsing activity, and other information about how you interacted with our Websites. We may collect this information as a part of log files as well as through the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is discussed more below, and in more detail in our Cookie Statement .
4.4. Information from your use of our Subscription Services
We may receive information about how and when you use the Subscription Services, store it in log files or other types of files associated with your account, and link it to other information we collect about you. This information may include, for example, your IP address, time, date, browser used, and actions you have taken within the Subscription Service. This type of information helps us to improve our Subscription Services for both you and for all of our users.
4.5. Cookies
Palo Alto Software and its partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
We use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web server. Cookies are not used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a Web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize pages on our Websites, or register for the Subscription Service, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. When you return to the same Website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the customized features.
Palo Alto Software keeps track of the Websites and pages you visit within the Palo Alto Software network of sites and services, in order to determine what portion of the Website or Subscription Service is the most popular or most used. This data is used to deliver customized content and promotions within the Palo Alto Software Websites and Subscription Services to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Palo Alto Software also use cookies and similar tracking technologies to serve targeted advertisements. In addition, we partner with third parties to display advertising on our website or to manage and serve our advertising on other sites. Our third party partners may use cookies or similar tracking technologies in order to provide you advertising or other content based upon your browsing activities and interests.
If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here: https://preferences.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here: https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Subscription Services or Websites you visit. To learn more about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies, as well as how to opt out of the use of cookies, visit our Cookie Statement page .
4.6. Clear Gifs, Web Beacons & Web Bugs
We employ a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage the Websites and Subscription Services by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users.  In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages or in emails and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We use clear gifs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have been opened by recipients.  This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. We tie the information gathered by clear gifs in emails to our customers' Personal Information. If you would like to opt-out of these emails, please see “Opting Out and Unsubscribing”.
4.7. Single Sign-On
You can log in to our Subscription Services using a Single Sign-on (SSO) service like your Google account. This service will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Such services may give you the option to post information about your activities on this Website to your profile page to share with others within your network.
4.8. Information about Children
The Websites and Subscription Services are not intended for or targeted at children under 13, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 13. If you believe that we have collected information about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@paloalto.com , so that we may delete the information.
5. How We Use the Information We Collect
5.1. We Never Sell Personal Information
We understand how important your personal information is to you. We are committed to keeping it strictly confidential. Your privacy is not for sale. We will never sell, rent, or otherwise abuse the personal information you have trusted us with.
5.2. Use of Personal Information
In addition to the uses identified elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we may use your Personal Information to: (a) improve your browsing experience by personalizing the Websites and to improve the Subscription Services; (b) send information to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means; (c) send you marketing communications relating to our business or the businesses of carefully-selected third parties which we think may be of interest to you, and (d) provide other companies with anonymous statistical information about our users — but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
We may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, we do not transfer your unique Personal Information to the third party.
In addition, we may share data with trusted partners to contact you based on your request to receive such communications, help us perform statistical analysis, or provide customer support. Such third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Information except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. If you do not want us to share your personal information with these companies, contact us at privacy@paloalto.com .
5.3. Advertising
We partner with third party advertising networks to either display advertising on our Websites or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partners use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personal information about your activities on this and other Websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here: http://preferences.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
5.4. Customer Testimonials and Comments
We post customer testimonials and comments on our Websites, which may contain Personal Information. If you would like your testimonial or comments altered or removed from our Websites, please contact privacy@paloalto.com .
5.5. Use of Credit Card Information
If you give us credit card information, we use it solely to check your financial qualifications and collect payment from you. We use a third-party service provider to manage credit card processing. This service provider is not permitted to store, retain, or use information you provide except for the sole purpose of credit card processing on our behalf.
5.6. Service Providers
We employ other companies and people to provide services to visitors to our Websites, our customers, and users of the Subscription Services and may need to share your information with them to provide information, products or services to you. Examples may include analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, sending email communications, and providing customer service. In all cases where we share your information with such agents, we explicitly require the agent to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and customer data handling policies.
5.7. Social Media Features
Our Websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, the Tweet This button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features.  Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
5.8. External Websites
Our Websites provide links to other websites. We do not control, and are not responsible for, the content or practices of these other websites. Our provision of such links does not constitute our endorsement of these other websites, their content, their owners, or their practices. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites, which are subject to any privacy and other policies they may have.
5.9. Public Forums
We offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums, this information may be collected and used by others. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the Websites if you so request, as described in “Opting Out and Unsubscribing” below.
5.10. Retention of Personal Information
We retain Personal Information that you provide us as long as we consider it potentially useful in contacting you about the Subscription Services or our other services, or as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, and then we securely delete the information. We will delete this information from the servers at an earlier date if you so request, as described in “Opting Out and Unsubscribing” below.
5.11. International Transfer of Information
To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access Personal Information from around the world, including the United States. This Privacy Policy shall apply even if we transfer Personal Information to other countries.
5.12. Corporate Events
If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by Palo Alto Software on the Websites and the Subscription Services. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.
5.13. Compelled Disclosure
We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Information if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process.
6. Security
6.1. Security of your Personal Information
We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When sensitive Personal Information (such as a credit card number and/or geo-location data) is collected on our Websites and/or transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
If you have any questions about the security of your Personal Information, you can contact us at privacy@paloalto.com .
6.2. Alerts in the event of a Security Breach
If a security breach causes an unauthorized intrusion into our system that materially affects you, then Palo Alto Software will notify you as soon as possible and later report the action we took in response.
7. Opting Out and Unsubscribing
7.1. Reviewing, Correcting and Removing your Personal Information
Upon request Palo Alto Software will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your Personal Information. If you provide us with your Personal Information, you have the following rights with respect to that information:
To review the user information that you have supplied to us
To request that we correct any errors, outdated information, or omissions in user information that you have supplied to us
To request that your user information not be used to contact you
To request that your user information be removed from any solicitation list that we use
To request that your user information be deleted from our records
To opt out of being solicited by Palo Alto Software or third parties
To exercise any of these rights, please contact us at privacy@paloalto.com or by mail to Palo Alto Software, Inc., Attn: Privacy, 44 W. Broadway, Suite 426, Eugene, OR 97401. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
7.2. Unsubscribing from Our Communications
You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our e-mails, or by sending us email at privacy@paloalto.com or by mail to Palo Alto Software, Inc., Attn: Privacy, 44 W. Broadway, Suite 426, Eugene, OR 97401. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails, such as billing notifications, related to their account with us or the Subscription Services.
7.3. Opting Out of customized advertising and cookie usage
If you wish to not have Personal Information we collect used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking here: http://preferences.truste.com/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.
If you wish to learn more about how we use cookies and to opt out of cookie usage, visit our Cookie Statement page.
8. Data collected by our Users
As you use our Subscription Services, you may import into our system Personal Information you have collected from other individuals. We have no direct relationship with any person other than you, and for that reason, you are responsible for making sure you have the appropriate permission for us to store and process information about those individuals.
9. Compliance
9.1. We Operate in the United States
Our servers and offices are located in the United States, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States. While the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy, including offering a data processing addendum. By using our Websites and Subscription Services, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this policy.
9.2. EU-U.S. and Swiss-US Privacy Shield
Palo Alto Software complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. Palo Alto Software has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ .
Palo Alto Software is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) with regard to the Privacy Shield Frameworks.
In compliance with the US-EU and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, Palo Alto Software commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. European Union or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact privacy@paloalto.com .
Palo Alto Software has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism. JAMS is the US-based independent organisation responsible for reviewing and resolving complaints about our Privacy Shield compliance - free of charge to you. If you are not satisfied with our initial response, please contact JAMS at www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield . In the event that your concern still is not addressed by JAMS, you may be entitled to a binding arbitration under Privacy Shield and its principles.
Within the scope of our authorization to do so, and in accordance with our commitments under the Privacy Shield, Palo Alto Software will provide individuals access to personal data about them. Palo Alto Software also will take reasonable steps to enable individuals to correct, amend, or delete personal data that is demonstrated to be inaccurate.
Palo Alto Software is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Palo Alto Software complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
Bplans is owned and operated by Palo Alto Software , Inc., as a free resource to help entrepreneurs start and run better businesses.
Top Sections
 
 
Try the #1 business planning software risk-free for 60 days
Try the #1 business planning software risk-free for 60 days.
Try the #1 business planning software risk-free for 60 days.
No contract, no risk. Built for entrepreneurs like you.
