Privacy Statement
M2 Business Media, LLC values your privacy and is dedicated to protecting your personal information. Our privacy statement is a summary of our privacy policy.
M2 Business Media may log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer our offers. We track your movement within the site, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. We use this information in aggregate and do not link it to you personally. We take reasonable measures to protect all the personal information you provide at all times. We do not sell your personally identifiable information, and you may remove yourself from our customer database at any time. You also have the opportunity to correct or change the information you have provided to us.
M2 Business Media is committed to provide you with:
Notice
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
Consent
What choices you have regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
Security
Procedures we use to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the information
Access
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information we have collected from you
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for M2 Business Media, LLC.
A Special Note About Children
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible for any offers presented by M2 Business Media. Our site is not intended for or directed to children under the age of 13.  If we become aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal information to us, we will promptly delete such information.
Registration
We request information from you on our subscription and order forms. This information is used for order fulfillment, customer service and to understand your areas of interest. We act as an agent to collect data for some of our partners that deliver products or services that consumers order.  For example, when ordering a subscription, users are required to provide certain personal data such as name, title, company, address, telephone, email and various industry questions specific to the demographic interests.  This information is then securely provided to our partner or their agent for fulfillment.
Tracking Technology
If you have been offered our services through one of our marketing partners or affiliates (see "Use of Information" section below), we may share the information you enter with that partner or affiliate. To do so, we may use a technology called clear GIFs, which automatically and securely transfer the information you enter. In the future, we may also use other similar technologies in our offers for the same purpose. If we do so, we will modify our privacy policy accordingly. See the "Notification of Changes" section below.
Log Files
We log IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer our offers. We may track your movement within the site, the pages from which you were referred, access times and browser types. We only use this information in aggregate and do not link it to you personally.
Cookies
Our site, like most other Web sites, use cookies when you visit our site. Cookies are small bits of data that remain on your computer hard drive that allow us to make your visit to our site more enjoyable and provide you with a more personalized experience on the site. Cookies are used for various purposes, such as remembering information that you have already entered, for instance your password and preferences, so that you will not have to re-enter them every time you visit and keeping information previously provided for certain services available on the site.  They also tell us general information about how users visit our site, such as which pages they've visited and what services they use, so we can further customize the information we provide. This will make our site more valuable to you, since the information provided will be tailored to your tastes.  We never use cookies to collect additional personally identifiable information about you. If you do not want to accept cookies, you can set your browser to not accept cookies, or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. However, please note that despite such setting, our site does not respond to such requests and will continue to use cookies for tracking purposes even if you have set your browser to not allow them. You can also manually delete all cookie files from your computer whenever you choose. We use cookies only for your convenience and to enhance your visit to our site. You can view Google's uses of information here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites .
Use of Information
Contractual Relationships
We provide your information to, and make it available to, our third party service vendors with whom we have contractual relationships for the purpose of servicing our processing of your magazine subscriptions. These vendors provide various services on our behalf such as customer service and web hosting. These vendors are not allowed to sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information and are not permitted to use your information for any secondary purpose.
Publishers
When you request a magazine, we forward your contact and address information to the applicable magazine publisher to determine your eligibility for fulfillment. The magazine publishers for the titles you have chosen to receive may use the information you provided to present you with other opportunities in accordance with their own privacy policies. When requesting a magazine, we encourage you to read the privacy statement of the publisher for that magazine; we do not review the privacy policies of the publishers in our program and are not responsible for their actions.
Retailers/Special Offers
When you choose to accept a special retail offer, we forward your contact information to the applicable retailer and/or sponsor for fulfillment. The retailers and/or sponsors for the offers you have chosen to receive may use the information you provided to present you with other opportunities in accordance with their own privacy policies.  
Third Party Marketing Affiliates
If you accept one of our offers by linking through one of our partners or affiliates, your information also may be shared with the partner or affiliate which originated the link to our site. These partners and affiliates may use the information you provided to present you with other opportunities in accordance with their own privacy policies. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of our partners and affiliates.
Exceptional Circumstances
Please note that if M2 Business Media or any of their lines of business is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant customer database of M2 Business Media could, in whole or in part, be sold as part of that transaction. We also may have to release personally identifying information when it is necessary to comply with judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants or orders.
Links
Subscription offers may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that M2 Business Media is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by M2 Business Media.
Security
M2 Business Media takes reasonable measures to protect the personal information you enter by using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption, which is recognized as an industry standard in encryption technology, whenever you enter personal information. There may be several publication qualification forms that are linked directly on our partner's site.  Although we strongly encourage our partners to employ similar security measures, we cannot and will not be responsible for the privacy practices of these other parties and their sites. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
Special Offers and Choice/Opt-Out
After you complete our subscription forms, your answers and contact information are sent to the publisher of the magazines you requested so they can determine your eligibility and fulfill your subscriptions. These publishers may also contact you with special offers. From time to time, we may present you with specially selected offers from M2 Business Media or one of our partners. Out of respect for your privacy, you can forfeit any of these opportunities by clicking here to remove yourself from receiving future offers.
Site and Service Updates
We communicate with you to provide requested services and on issues relating to your subscriptions. We also send site and subscription service updates. You are not able to unsubscribe from these important announcements, which contain important information about your subscriptions and M2 Business Media.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If you want to change any personal information you previously provided to us (such as your address) you can do so by emailing us at: service@mercury-magazines.com .
Notification of Changes
We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will be available at https://www.rewardsurvey.com/Home/PrivacyPolicy . If we make a change to this policy by continuing to access or use this site after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
M2 Business Media is the owner of the information collected on this site. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact the M2 Business Media Privacy Department by emailing us at: privacy@mercury-magazines.com
