Introduction
Bermies respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy (together with our terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) describes the personal information that we collect from you, or that you provide on or through www.bermies.com (the “Site”) and how that information may be used or disclosed by us. This policy does not apply to information we collect through any other means, or to information collected on any other Company, affiliate or third-party website that may link to or be accessible from the Website.
Please read the following carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it. By using or accessing our Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time and your continued use of the Website is deemed to be acceptance of such changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Customer Information
During the ordering process, we obtain billing, mailing and other information to better serve you as a customer. This information is required in order to shop from our Site. During account set up, you may be given the option to receive mailings for special offers and/or email notices of special web offers often exclusive to those who join. You may request at any time to be taken off the email list by unsubscribing through one of our emails. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us or our shipping provider with information regarding orders they have placed on-line. At no time is our customer information shared with other companies or entities for any reason.
Website Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our customer and user information. We have appropriate security measures in place on the website and in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of any information that we have collected from you at our site. All credit card information from online transactions is secured through a third-party merchant account provider. Any access to our customer database, shipping, order transaction, customer service and billing is individually password protected and is limited to those employees who need to perform specific functions.
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Uses Made of the Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information, in the Comply with any court order or other legal obligation.
Enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements.
Protect the rights, property, or safety of Bermies, our customers, or others.
To present our Website and its contents in a suitable and effective manner for you and for your computer.
To provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
To notify you about changes to our service.
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose personal information that you provide via this Website to the following third parties:
Our subsidiaries and affiliates.
Contractors and service providers we use to support our business.
In the event of merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of Bemires assets, in which case personal information held by Bermies about its customers will be among the assets transferred to the buyer.
We may also disclose your personal information to third parties to:
Comply with any court order or other legal obligation
Enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements
Protect the rights, property, or safety of Bermies, our customers, or others.
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Cookies: If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly. You should review this privacy policy carefully, because if you do not agree with our practices, your ultimate choice is not to use the Website. Remember, by using any part of the Website, you accept and agree to our privacy practices. If we update this privacy policy, your continued use of the Website (following the posting of the revised privacy policy) means that you accept and agree to the terms of the revised privacy policy.
Data Security: We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk.
Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number or e-mail address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the bottom of the page.
Contact Information
To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at [email protected]
Copyright © Bermies 2018
