Intro
This policy gives a description on how Bitmango (“us”, “we”, or “our”) collects, stores, and uses information about you applying to all of our games on mobile devices, PCs or on other platforms in order to provide you and develop our products.
All Bitmango activities regarding marketing and advertising and other services (“Services”) are governed by this Privacy Policy on all platforms that using or accessing a Service means you have agreed to the use of your information in compliance with this Privacy Policy.
If there’s any concern regarding providing your information to us or you disagree it being used as described in this Privacy Policy, please do not install or use the Services.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 19.05.2018.
Information Collection
Your information is collected at the start of using our games and/or other Services, such as http://help.bitmango.com and our website. Personal data include, but are not limited to: your name, country and region, address, email address, device information, and game play information. We use this data to provide you with better of our games and Services in purposes of optimization, preventing fraud, and for marketing and advertising. We may also collect information from advertising platforms and partners and other third parties such as information about purchases and interests.
In more detail, the collecting information consists how you play our games (such as which item and how much of them got used, levels attempted and purchases made) and any permitted information you grant when creating an account with us and connecting to your social network accounts.
We may collect and process the following types of information:
 the playtime of yours using our app.
if you have left the game on a specific level or if you have cleared it.
 the score you earned in levels.
 the items you use, purchase, and/or own.
 information we collect via cookies and other similar technologies, as explained further below;
 your interactions with us on our social media channels;
 information as further set out in this Privacy Policy, including Social sharing features , Marketing  and Advertising ;
 in any contact between you and us, we may keep a record in purposes to give best answer to provide you a better experience using our app.
from our other group companies or other third party companies who have your consent or have other legal right to share granted information with us (advertising networks and publishing partners, platforms). This may include your interests, other games you played, demographic and general location information. We will use this information as described in this Privacy Policy.
 purchase history on behalf of our payment service providers to keep a record on if a purchase has been successfully made. We do not collect credit card information.
 the type of your device, IP address, your game ID when using the app, and the country or region that you’re playing in.
 If you choose not to connect to your social network accounts when using our games, we collect anonymous information and still there will be a device level identifiers and other information described here.
We may ask for your approval to collect other information in some circumstances from you or your device. Or any other similar activities be done we will inform you what information we are to collect, the reason we collect it, and how we will be using that information.
For the other purposes we may share your information with third party publishers who develop and provide games and other Services to your on our behalf.
We also use the information collected for analysis reason on an anonymized or aggregated basis to develop the products, to analyze the performance of our games, to troubleshoot and to enhance the quality and optimize the games to guarantee the best experience to those who use our Services as a whole.
Optimizing Our Services to Provide
We analyze and optimize to provide you the best of our products using your information included with use and analysis of aggregated data to verify that our websites work properly on all devices.
Customer Services
Your information data delivered or provided directly to us in communications in terms of customer service and through its channels will be used. We may use such information to contact you and to manage your account and relationship with us to improve your experience in our Services. Our customer service channel is found at help.bitmango.com/new/.
Analytics and Research
We collect information using analytics tools such as third party analytics tools to see how you play our games or use our Services. Those tools may contain cookies or other similar tracking technologies. We may use your data for research and analytics purposes to engage with you directly. We may also create reports, analysis or similar services for use by us for the purposes of research or business intelligence.
Social and Community
 
Marketing
We may serve ads based on your information we collect about you within our Services or place ads on third party websites, apps and internet-connected devices. Information we may have about you such as: ad identifiers and other non-personal information collected from your device, how you interact with our game and Services the game play information, your age, country or region, and gender, and other information collected from third parties with legal right to share it with us are used to make sure that you only see marketing from us that might be of interest to you.
Marketing Partners
 
Advertising
Our games are included with third party advertising for their products and services. We and our partners use your information to improve advertising and targeting to measure the relevant third party ads to show in our games. Information we may have about you such as: ad identifiers and other non-personal information collected from your device, how you interact with our game and Services the game play information, your age, country or region, and gender, and other information collected from third parties with legal right to share it with us are used to make sure that you only see ads from us that might be of interest to you.
Advertising Partners
Non-personal identifiers and other information collected from your device when you play our games or use our Services are shared with advertising partners in order to technically deliver the ads to your device. Such information may be combined with collected information of our advertising partners own to serve you with more relevant ads and to enhance the accuracy of their targeting. For more information we recommend for you to scan through our partners’ privacy policies on their websites(a full list can be found here ).
Ad Identifiers
We use ad identifiers that are non-permanent, non-personal identifiers such as the Android and/or Apple’s ID for advertising associated with your device, and similar technologies such as tracking pixels within ads to provide interest-based advertising. These technologies enable us and our third party advertising partners to recognize you and your device, allow our Services to interact with a third party social network or platform and help our payment processors to work it out your payment instructions.
How to reset your preferences for advertising
 
Right of Access
If you wish to know which information we collect and hold about you please contact us so we can verify your identity to provide you with requested information. If the information hold personal information about someone else we may not allow to give all the information asked for.
Information Correctness
If there is any information we hold about you that you would like to correct, please let us know at help@bitmango.com we will make corrections as soon as possible.
Data Deletion
If you wish to delete any information about you, please contact us knowing that in order to complete the process you must delete our games from your mobile devices. There may be some information we will be still holding for other purposes such as protecting legal rights or maintaining financial records and marketing suppression lists. Any anonymised form that holds of your information may be retained as well.
Account Deactivation
You can deactivate your account you created in our game by contacting us. Please note that we may ask you about other information such as your mobile device information and once it is completely deactivated your unspent virtual items may not be remained.
Data Portability
You have the right to request the data provided to us to be transferred to another data controller in some circumstances.
Restriction of Processing
You may request a restriction of the processing of your data in some circumstances.
Right to Object
You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data unless we indicates compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which ignores the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject.
Direct Marketing Opt Out
 
Social Sharing Features
Our Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools enabling share actions you take in the apps with other media. You must be over the minimum age limit prescribed by the legislation in the individual jurisdictions to use such social sharing features which may, depending on the settings you set with the entity, share information with your friends or the public.
Our Services has social features from the following providers, for more information about the processing driven by the third parties regarding social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities found here:
Children
To use and play our Services you must be over a certain age depending on where you live. For the full list of age restrictions by country, please see below. We do not knowingly collect personal information from or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the ages set out below. We also do not knowingly allow such persons to use our Services, if in any way such personal data have been processed under the age set out below, please contact us so we can delete that information as quickly as possible.
 
Contact Us
If you have any questions about his Privacy Policy, please contact us via:
1. our customer services page at https://help.bitmango.com/new/
2. e-mail at help@bitmango.com
 
