,
Bernardino de' Conti, Italian, active 1496-1523 | Charles d’Amboise | Image and original data provided by the Samuel H. Kress Foundation: http://www.kressfoundation.org/
Digital image courtesy of the Getty's Open Content Program.
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement describes how Artstor collects and uses the personal information you provide on the Artstor website and in connection with Artstor services – including the Artstor Digital Library, JSTOR Forum, SAHARA, and the Images for Academic Publishing (IAP) service (collectively, “Artstor Websites”). It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. Artstor is committed to protecting the privacy of users of its website and services. To better inform you of our policy concerning user privacy, we have adopted the following terms.
The Information Artstor Collects
The personal information Artstor collects will depend on how you are using Artstor Websites.
To enable your access to the Artstor services through your library or institution, we may collect information concerning the institution’s internet protocol address, your institutional username and password, or other authentication methods, such as Shibboleth.
In connection with your creation of an Artstor account, which is required to download images, save them to groups, create presentations and share them with other Artstor users, upload content to Personal Collections, and manage content in JSTOR Forum, we collect your email address, password, and institutional affiliation information; however, as a general user, you can perform searches of and view the Artstor Digital Library collections, IAP collections, your institution’s hosted collections in JSTOR Forum, and images made more broadly available through JSTOR Forum without providing any further information.
To enable you to download images from the IAP service for publication purposes we collect and share with the institution providing the images for publication your name, email address, institutional affiliation, and other information you may provide.
To maintain and track our services we may collect certain non-personal information regarding your use of certain technologies, such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows or Mac), and the domain name of your Internet service provider.
In connection with a trial access request for Artstor Digital Library or JSTOR Forum, we collect your name, email address, phone number, institutional affiliation information, and other information you may provide.
In addition, we may collect personally identifiable information through correspondence you send to us through optional surveys we may post on Artstor Websites, and in connection with statements you may post on any Artstor-related pages on social networking sites.
However, unless you provide us or organizations with which we conduct business with personally identifiable information, you remain anonymous to us other than by association with an internet protocol address or other authentication mechanism.
Some institutions facilitate their users’ use of their digital resources by providing administrative support for such resources, such as helping set up users’ accounts, or removing materials that are no longer needed. To provide such support, one or more representatives at an institution, such as a library administrator (“Institutional Administrator”), may need to associate electronic materials with the individual who created them, so that they can determine, for example, whether a particular user wants to continue to maintain such materials. If you elect to register as a user of the Artstor Websites, you give Artstor permission to provide the Institutional Administrator the email address that was used to register with Artstor. You also give the Institutional Administrator or Artstor (should the Institutional Administrator so direct us) permission to access the image groups or other materials that you have created, to make changes to such materials (including deleting such materials, either in full or in part), and to contact you at the email address provided with respect to such materials, for the purpose of administering and supporting the institution’s subscription to the Artstor Websites. Your permission to the Institutional Administrator and Artstor to perform these roles does not necessarily imply that these activities will be performed at your particular institution. Please contact your Institutional Administrator if you have questions about institutional policy in this area.
Artstor does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 16. If it is discovered that we have collected PII from someone under 16 we promptly will delete that information.
Data Integrity; Use of the Information
We use the personal information collected in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was intended to be used: to facilitate your use of the Artstor Websites and Artstor services; to create your user account; to respond to your inquiries; to improve our website and services; for system administration, customer support and troubleshooting purposes; for new product announcements, product updates, and similar announcements; for sending newsletters and other updates; to correspond with users; to enable us to enforce Artstor Terms and Conditions of Use, and in aggregate form, to track and analyze site usage. Further, in connection with postings you may make that are available to the general public on any Artstor-related page on social networking sites, including but not limited to statements made on the Artstor page on Facebook and on Twitter, we may use your name, statement, comment, and affiliation in conference presentations, Artstor’s newsletters, and marketing and announcement materials. Artstor will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is relevant to its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. If you wish to opt out of our use of your personally identifiable information see the “Your Consent; Opting out” section below.
Use of Cookies
Artstor employs “cookie” technology. Cookies are small pieces of text that are stored on your computer and act as a tool for controlling certain system variables and storing system configuration information in the WWW environment. Artstor uses cookies to store user preferences for viewing and printing, regional and geographic information connected to an IP address and to store authentication information. We do not use cookies to identify what other sites you have visited, however, we do use certain tools to understand the flow of traffic to and from Artstor websites. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. Third party service providers may use cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site, but those cookies are not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies, if used. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy at https://www.ithaka.org/cookies .
Other Tracking Technologies and Automated-Decision Making Practices
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.
Through this policy, we will notify individuals of automated-decision making practices regarding PII, including the logic involved and the significance of the decision as well as the consequences for you. We also will ensure that you may opt out of such automated-decision making practices.
Onward Transfer of Information
Artstor works with other organizations, including organizations located internationally, that provide specific services for us. We will provide only the personal information necessary for the third party to provide these services for us. These organizations may not use personal information except for the purpose of providing these services. We require that these organizations agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate security measures. In addition, when transferring personally identifying information that is subject to the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulations (GDPR), we require a GDPR-approved transfer mechanism to be in place, such as Binding Corporate Rules or Privacy Shield Certification.
Artstor does not sell personal information about individual users, and does not share this personal information except as set forth above and in the following circumstances:
Your Consent; Opting Out
By using Artstor Websites, you consent to the collection and use, in accordance with this policy, of the information you provide to us. We will remove you and your personally identifiable information from our records or refrain from using your personally identifiable information in connection with certain services upon written request sent to privacy@ithaka.org . Please note that removal of personally identifiable information from Artstor’s records may prevent you from accessing certain Artstor's Websites and services.
You may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails or you can contact us at privacy@ithaka.org .
Security
We protect your personal information from unauthorized access and disclosure through the use of passwords, physical security measures, managerial measures, and other electronic means. We nonetheless recognize that third parties may obtain access to information through unlawful actions, and thus do not promise that your information always will remain private, despite our efforts and the importance we place on maintaining your privacy. In addition, we do not claim any responsibility for information collected by or from websites linking to or from Artstor Websites.
In the event that we discover or are notified of a security breach where personal information is at risk, we will notify you electronically if we have your email address. If you do not wish to be notified via email in the event of a breach, please contact us at privacy@ithaka.org .
Access, Erasure, and Correction
Upon request Artstor will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you would like to review, delete or update your information, you may contact us using the contact information below. We will permit you to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be inaccurate. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. Please note, because of the way we maintain certain services, after you delete or amend your information, residual copies may take a period of time before they are deleted from our active servers and may remain in our backup systems.
You will need to provide sufficient identifying information, such as your name and email address and possible additional identifying information as a security precaution.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacy@ithaka.org . We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Testimonials
In certain situations, Artstor may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to comply with the law or a legal proceeding such as to comply to a subpoena, bankruptcy proceedings or similar legal process; to protect against violations of our Terms and Conditions of Use; or to protect and defend our rights and property or the rights and property of contributors whose works are made available through Artstor Websites;
with copyright or other rights holders when Artstor receives a request to remove content;
if Artstor is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, in which case your personal information shall continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If any changes are made in how your personal information is used, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any such change;
With respect to IAP images, with the content providers who provided those images for publication, when a user downloads an image for use in a publication;
other third parties, such as an institution with which you are affiliated, where you explicitly consent to our sharing your information;
In addition, Artstor shares general usage data in aggregated, anonymized form with participating institutions, contributors, researchers, and the general public.
We may display personal testimonials of participants on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@ithaka.org .
Enforcement and Dispute Resolution
We engage in periodic self-assessment to ensure compliance with our Privacy Policy. We verify that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented, and where applicable, in conformity with the GDPR. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns with us using the contact information below. We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the principles contained in this policy.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . In addition, European Union data subjects may seek an administrative or judicial remedy or to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if the data subject considers that the processing of personal data relating to him or her infringes the GDPR. Information on how to file such a complaint is available here http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm .
As a not-for-profit organization, we are not subject to the jurisdiction of the United States Federal Trade Commission, which oversees the implementation of the Privacy Shield Principles; however, we agree to adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles in recognition of their importance in ensuring the protection of user information.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any change in how we use your personal information we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contact Us
If you have any inquiries about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact us at privacy@ithaka.org .
Artstor
 
Artstor is in a strategic alliance with ITHAKA, a not-for-profit organization helping the academic community use digital technologies to preserve the scholarly record and to advance research and teaching in sustainable ways.
