Privacy Policy
YY2K.com is committed to providing an entertaining, fun and educational service. It does not target its website or services to under 13 year olds, but does take measures to help protect those that happen to be under 13. We take measures to help children protect their privacy while online. For example, we do not ask children to disclose more personal information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity.
INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may log IP addresses and/or drop cookies and/or flash cookies to prevent abuse of our website and or to provide and or to enhance services. Email addresses of persons under 13 are not stored. They are encrypted into an unrecoverable format using a one way hash. Of those users who choose to register we collect date of birth, username, password and email address of users 13 years and older.
INFORMATION THAT IS REASONABLY NECESSARY
YY2K.com Network website does not require persons under 13 years of age to disclose any more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity as a condition of participation.
HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION
We do not retain any personal information beyond the time it is needed. We may use information to ensure that users are in compliance with our terms. Persons over 13 years of age authorize us to send them email notifications related to YY2K.com products and services including the YY2K.com Newsletter.
We may sometimes use non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our website, to personalize our visitors' experience or to offer products, programs and services. We may also use this information in the aggregate to analyze website usage, as well as to offer products, programs, or services.
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION, THIRD PARTY AND SPONSORS
We do not disclose personally identifiable information of users under 13 years of age to third parties. We use Google AdSense to serve ads when you visit our website. Third parties such as advertisers, games companies and or developers may ask for information from you which would be governed by the privacy policy of those other companies in which case they should provide adequate disclosure of their privacy policies to you. We may use anonymous information that we collect from you to improve our services and or to help serve advertising to you. You may manage or opt out of your flash cookies here You may manage or opt out of your standard cookies via your web browser and if you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies.
SECURITY
We have implemented appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online.
PARENTAL REVIEW
Parents, if you would like to review your child's personal information, ask to have it deleted, and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information then please send a letter to our Privacy Manager. Please be sure to include your email address and a telephone number where we can reach you. To protect your child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting you access to the personal information that we collect and maintain about your child.
 
 
 
