By visiting therealfoodrds.com you are consenting to our privacy policy.
Overview
The Real Food Dietitians and Simply Nourished, LLC is committed to protecting your privacy online. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the personal information collected through this website at therealfoodrds.com (the “Site”), and how that information is collected and used.
The terms “we”, “us” and “our” refers to the authors of simplynourishedrecipes.com. The term “user”, “you” and “your” refers to site visitors, customers and any other users of the site.
The term “personal information” is defined as information that you voluntarily provide to us which personally identifies you and/or your contact information, such as your name, phone number and email address.
Use of therealfoodrds.com, including all materials presented herein and all in-person and online services provided by The Real Food Dietitians and Simply Nourished, LLC (product purchases, webinars, workshops, online courses, eCourses, opt-ins and newsletter subscriptions), is subject to the following Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all site visitors, customers, clients, and all other users of the site and Services. By using the Site and Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy, without modification, and acknowledge reading it.
Information We Collect
This Site only collects the personal information you voluntarily provide to us which many include:
Service & Product Orders
We collect a variety of personal information with each product order. This includes:
Your name, address, email address and phone number. This information is shared with our e-commerce software provider to ensure the safe delivery of your order. We use your email to communicate with you about your order and to manage the customer relationship with you. When you place an order you may be added to my mailing list from which you can unsubscribe at any time using the unsubscribe link in each email or by contacting us at  info@therealfoodrds.com .
Your payment information. We collect payment information for each order but we do not store payment information anywhere online or on a server. Your payment information is securely communicated to and processed via our e-commerce provider or PayPal, whichever method you choose to make your payment.
All personal information collected for an order is used for the fulfillment of that order and to manage our customer relationship with you.
Activity
We may record information relating to your use of the Site, such as searches you undertake, the pages you view, your browser type, IP address, requested URL, referring URL, and timestamp information (via Google Analytics). We use this type of information to administer the Site and provide the highest possible level of service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Site.
The information you provide is used to process transactions, send periodic emails, administer contests, promotions or surveys and to improve the service we provide. We do share your information with trusted third parties who assist us in operating the Site, conducting our business and servicing clients and visitors (MailChimp). These trusted third parties agree to keep this information confidential. Your personal information will never be shared with unrelated third parties nor will it ever be sold, rented or leased. Ever.
Cookies
Third party vendors, including Google and Gourmet Ads, may use cookies to serve you ads that are relevant to your interests based on prior visits to this and other websites. You may opt out of a third-party vendor’s use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting aboutads.info
For information specifically about opting out of Gourmet Ads and ad serving partners please visit http://www.gourmetads.com/
Third Party & Affiliate Links
This Site may contain links to other sites. The authors do not control, monitor, or guarantee the accuracy of the information contained in external sites, and do not necessarily endorse the views expressed therein. Other sites accessible through our site via links or otherwise have their own policies in regard to privacy and thus we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third parties.
The Real Food Dietitians and Simply Nourished, LLC is a participant of the Amazon Services LLC Affiliate program. This site may contain affiliate links to products that we recommend. If you purchase those items through the links provided we will receive a commission. You will not pay more for the product when buying through our affiliate link. However, the commission received from your purchase helps to offset the cost of providing excellent free content and maintaining the site.
Testimonials
Any correspondence received via e-mail or otherwise becomes the property of The Real Food Dietitians and Simply Nourished, LLC and may be published at the authors’ discretion in the form of customer testimonials. By sending us e-mail correspondence, you agree to such terms and conditions. To request that your correspondence not be used in this manner or that your testimonial remain anonymous, please contact us at info@therealfoodrds.com .
Security
We maintain security measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, misuse or disclosure. However, no exchange of data over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. While we make every effort to protect your personal information shared with me though our Site, you acknowledge that the personal information you voluntarily share with us through this Site could be accessed or tampered with by a third party. You agree that we are not responsible for any intercepted information shared through my Site without our knowledge or permission. Additionally, you release us from any and all claims arising out of or related to the use of such intercepted information in any unauthorized manner.
Updating Your Information
You may access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting us via email at  info@therealfoodrds.com .
Changes to This Policy
You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Site and this Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. We will notify you of any changes to this privacy policy by posting those changes on this page.
Contact
If you have any questions about my privacy policy, please email us at  info@therealfoodrds.com .
Updated: May 2016
Welcome
The Real Food Dietitians is the passion-driven product of Registered Dietitian Nutritionists Stacie Hassing and Jessica Beacom. They’ve combined their love of nutrition, health and real food with the concepts of ease and convenience to bring you recipes that are big on flavor but short on ingredients.
Search
Sign up to get your FREE recipe eBook + weekly newsletter!
My Latest Videos
Sign up to get your FREE recipe eBook + weekly newsletter!
Free eBook!
Sign up to get your FREE eBook!
