7th July 2017
Dun & Bradstreet (D&B) is the world's leading source of business    information and insight. Since 1841, Dun & Bradstreet has collected    information about businesses to deliver products and services that    assist our customers in making critical commercial decisions. Dun & Bradstreet's global business database contains more than 265 million    business records. Some of the information we collect may be classified    as "personal data" under European Union (EU) law as it is information    relating to an individual (e.g. a sole trader, a partnership, a company    director, a beneficial owner, a trustee, a professional contact etc).    This privacy notice provides the information we are required to give in    relation to the processing of personal data under EU law.
This privacy notice is applicable to all Dun & Bradstreet companies    registered in the EU and those outside the EU when they carry out    business information activities on residents of the EU or offer goods or    services to businesses in the EU. The Data Protection Officer for D&B    can be contacted on  EUDPO@DNB.COM .
What Information Do We Collect and Why?
D&B processes data so that it can supply commercial data about    organisations to other organisations. The purpose of this processing is    to enable businesses to manage their financial risks, protect against    fraud, know who they are doing business with, meet compliance and    regulatory obligations and better understand organisations, industries    and markets.
We also licence or sell professional business contact information to    authorized resellers or organisations for marketing and data management    purposes.
Therefore we collect information on businesses and business    professionals. This is our "Commercial Data" and includes the following    examples:
Company and     business professional contact information, including name, job     title, address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, domain     names, and trade associations;
Detailed     company profiles and statistics, including number of employees;
Background     information regarding company management, such as beneficial     ownership/persons of significant control, the educational and career     histories of company principals;
Company     operational histories, including territories, subsidiaries,     affiliates, and lines of business;
Detailed     trade and business credit information, including payment histories     and patterns;
Business     information regarding profitability, debts, assets, net worth, and     business relationships;
Business     compliance information from public source government and     professional records, media and business publications;
Newspaper     and media reports of criminal convictions
For our own business purposes we also collect information such as:
Credit/debit     card information in order to process certain customer payments
IP addresses     of visitors to our website (for more information please see D&B's  Cookie     Policy
Contact     details of actual or potential customers (D&B's "Marketing Data")
D&B does not seek to collect any information in relation to a European    resident's race or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or    philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, sex life or    sexual orientation, genetic or biometric data.
Our data originates from
Data vendors
Public     sector information (e.g. Charity Commission, Company Registrars)
Regulatory     bodies and law enforcement agencies
D&Bs World     Wide Network Partners
Our Marketing Data originates from our customer base, previous    customers, D&B products, public sources, events, promotions, content    syndication and website visitors.
Who do we share this information with?
We don't share our Marketing Data with anyone.
We share our Commercial Data (and that may include personal data) we    collect with:
Worldwide     Network Partners - independent business information providers across     the world with whom we have entered into commercial agreements to     help achieve a leading competitive position internationally in     providing business information.
Customers -     businesses and organisations with whom we enter into agreements to     purchase or access our data.
Resellers -     we licence professional business contact information to authorized     resellers and third party businesses for marketing and data     management purposes.
Service     providers - such as credit card processors, auditors, advisors,     consultants, live help/chat providers and contractors, in order to     support Dun & Bradstreet's websites and business operations. We     contractually require these recipients to only use personal data for     the intended purpose of the disclosure and that they destroy or     return it when it is no longer needed.
We may also disclose personal data:
As required     or appropriate in order to protect our website, business operations     or legal rights, or in connection with a sale or merger involving     Dun & Bradstreet assets or businesses. (In the event that Dun & Bradstreet is purchased or sells parts or all of the business, the     information collected will be considered an asset that can be     transferred).
To a court,     tribunal administrative authority law enforcement agencies,     regulatory authorities or government agencies. If based in a country     outside the EU we would only comply with such a request if there was     an international agreement (such as a mutual legal assistance     treaty) in place.
Profiling
We use the information we obtain in order to produce scores and ratings    such as D&B's Failure and Delinquency Scores, the D&B Rating, D&B's    Maximum Credit and the D&B Payment Score. We may also carry out    customised profiles for our customers. We use highly developed scoring    models and algorithms, based on previous similar circumstances, adverse    events and economic forecasts to produce a score.
We recommend to our customers how to interpret and use our scores. Our    customers may choose to use our scores alone or combine the scores with other information available to them. Their decision making will be based    around whether to insure or market to, extend credit, acquire, trade or    partner with a business. Our scores predict whether a business is likely    to continue trading, pay its bills on time, receive credit, whether they    would be likely to purchase a product or service, where they benchmark    within their industry or whether they are subject to any specific risks.    We do not make any decisions about an organisation - we do not hold    blacklists and we do not tell our customers whether to trade with an    organisation.
International transfers
We transfer personal data to recipients outside the EU and rely on    adequacy decisions, data transfer agreements or other EU approved    mechanisms for such transfers. Dun & Bradstreet Inc is certified with    the Privacy Shield and ensures all its customers agree to the Privacy    Principles. If you require further information on this please contact    the Data Protection Officer on  EUDPO@dnb.com .
Data Retention
Personal data is stored for varying lengths depending on the nature and    purpose for which it was collected. We store personal data in line with    any applicable statutory minimum periods, and then review it    periodically (usually annually) to ensure it is still necessary to be    retained for the purpose for which it was collected. Where there is a    statutory maximum for which data can be retained, such as County Court    Judgements we will delete accordingly on expiration.
Grounds of Processing
In technical legal terms we process personal data under the ground of "legitimate interest". D&Bs legitimate business interest is the supply    of commercial data (and the marketing of our business). The purpose of    this processing is to enable businesses to manage their financial risks,    protect against fraud, know who they are doing business with, meet    compliance and regulatory obligations and better understand    organisations, industries and markets. We also licence or sell    professional business contact information to authorized resellers or    organisations for marketing and data management purposes.
Data Subject Rights
You have the right to request from us confirmation of whether we are    processing your personal data, and if so access to that information.
If you are a non-limited company (a sole trader or a partner) you can    contact us to obtain a copy of your credit report based on the    information we hold about you. There is a fee of Â£2 for this report.
If any of your personal data is inaccurate you have a right to request    rectification. We are very keen to ensure the data we hold is accurate    and up to date.
You have the right to object to our processing and/or request it is    deleted or restricted. In considering our response we undertake to    ensure your interests, fundamental rights and freedoms are properly    balanced against our legitimate interests. We will also look at whether    it is still necessary to process your data for the purpose it was    collected.
We will always observe your objection to receiving either our Dun & Bradstreet marketing or to us passing on your contact details to third    parties for their direct marketing purposes: please contact  Customer    Services  including the name, business name, address,    telephone number and email address that you wish to have excluded.
Before we are able to provide you with any information or correct any    inaccuracies we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other    details to help us identify you and respond to your request.
Updating the Privacy Policy
We strive for continuous improvement in our services, processes and    protecting data subject rights. We will therefore update this privacy    notice from time to time. Therefore, we advise you to check this notice    on a regular basis, or if requested we will send it to you on a regular    basis.
Complaints
All complaints or concerns and appropriate resolution relating to the    practices of handling personal information will be logged. Any    complaints of this nature should be made to  Customer    Services  or the EU Data Protection Officer at  EUDPO@dnb.com  at:
Dun & Bradstreet Limited
Bucks SL7 1AJ
You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory    authority.
Our Other Sites:
