 
 
 
 
 
 
Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you personally, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, or company name. We collect and store the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. Some examples of how we may collect personally identifiable information on the Sites include:
We may collect your email address, first and last name and zip code if you sign up for an online newsletter;
We may collect your email address if you contact us with a question; and
 
 
Non-personally identifiable information can be technical information, such as your computer’s web browser version, or it can be demographic information, such as your age, gender or interests. Non-personally identifiable information does not identify you personally. Some examples of the non-personally identifiable information we may collect on the Sites include:
Internet Protocol (IP) address — Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data — such as the webpages you view. We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor our Sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Sites.
Cookie — A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Sites. For example, when someone visits a page within the Sites, a cookie is placed on the user’s machine (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited the Sites previously. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Sites. Some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies. While they are harmless, they may contain Demographic Information (defined below) and depending on your browser these cookies may not normally be deleted when your cookies are deleted. Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted.
Web Beacons (also known as “clear gifs,” “web bugs” or “pixel tags”) — “Web Beacons” are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Sites and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML- formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.
 
 
 
 
If you provide us with Personally Identifiable Information, we will only use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or where it is collected. Primarily, we use it on the Sites to:
help us create and publish content most relevant to you;
allow you access to certain areas of our websites;
register you as a member and develop your profile and enable you to take advantage of our the personalized features of our websites;
deliver services, such as educational programs, information, newsletters, or software that you request or purchase;
alert you to special officers, updated information, and our other new services or those of other third-parties;
forward promotional materials and to fulfill the terms of such promotion;
complete a transaction or service requested by you;
target our websites to your needs;
identify you as a poster or provider of content; and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
(viii) To protect against potential fraud, we may verify with third parties the information collected from these Sites. In the course of such verification, we may receive personally
 
 
 
 
 
 
We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personally identifiable information, to subsidiary and affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are visiting from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information about you, including personally identifiable information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as the European Union, and you consent to:
the transfer of information about you, including personally identifiable information, to the U.S.; and
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
* * *
 
