Rocky Mountain Power is committed to safeguarding the privacy of individuals and businesses with respect to nonpublic, personal and financial information. Rocky Mountain Power therefore makes sure that its policies and practices in relation to the collection, use, retention, transfer and access of such information is strictly limited to those uses necessary to conduct the business of servicing your accounts and agreements with the company. Rocky Mountain Power will not provide, rent or sell your sensitive personal and financial information to company affiliates or nonaffiliated third parties, without your advance knowledge, except in the limited circumstances described below.
What information does Rocky Mountain Power collect?
During the application for electric service or other company services, or when using online customer self-service functions, Rocky Mountain Power may ask for certain customer information such as your name, address, mailing address, phone number and place of employment. As a security measure against others accessing your account, the Company may also collect some form of more personally identifiable information, such as Social Security Number and/or driver's license number. The Company also collects information regarding our interactions and transactions over the course of our business relationship with you.
When you use Rocky Mountain Power's online customer self-service functions, any personal information you enter in fields or forms provided in these services is secured using an industry standard security technology known as Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”)/transport layer security ("TLS"). By using SSL/TLS, the Company attempts to safeguard the confidentiality of your user name, password and other personal information. For SSL/TLS to work, your browser must be capable of supporting SSL/TLS. Please check with your browser manufacturer for details.
Should you apply for credit with Rocky Mountain Power, we may request information about you from a consumer-reporting agency. In such event, Rocky Mountain Power will not share your consumer report information with any company affiliate or any nonaffiliated third party.
What information collected does Rocky Mountain Power provide company affliates or nonaffliated third parties?
Rocky Mountain Power sometimes partners with company affiliates or nonaffiliated third parties that provide services on the Company's behalf that are necessary to complete a customer-requested transaction. Under these limited circumstances, these third party relationships will be invisible to you as a customer. However, you have our assurance that your personal account information will be provided the same protections you experience directly with Rocky Mountain Power. The information shared is limited to that necessary to deliver the service authorized or requested by the customer and generally consists of name, account number, mailing address and phone number.
Rocky Mountain Power may disclose information to companies that perform marketing services on the Company's behalf or to other financial institutions with whom we have joint marketing agreements. These companies are subject to confidentiality agreements with Rocky Mountain Power and other legal restrictions that prohibit them from using the information except to market the specified Rocky Mountain Power-related products or services. The information shared is limited to information we receive from you on applications or other forms, such as name, account number, mailing address and phone number.
There are times when Rocky Mountain Power is required to furnish information concerning present or former customers to regulatory agencies who audit the Company’s filings in rate cases, to government agencies or in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, levy, attachment or other comparable legal process; however, Rocky Mountain Power endeavors to cause the party receiving such information to agree to maintain the confidentiality of the information.
We or our third-party service providers also collect IP addresses and related information such as: originating and destination information; date and time stamps of communications; indicators of the type of operating system; hypertext protocol headers; application client and server banners; and information about the type of request, such as whether it is requesting or sending data. We or our third-party service providers organize and analyze these types of information to support our internal operations, including maintaining functionality of the websites and diagnosing website issues, analyzing trends, providing more efficient service, maintaining and/or enhancing security for users and the websites, producing traffic volume statistics, and making the websites and our infrastructure more useful and secure. In an effort to protect the security of our critical infrastructure, any use of a website or information relating to such use (as described above) may be monitored and disclosed to federal authorities or agencies without further notice to you.
What rights do I have to "opt out" of disclosure of my account information to company affliates or nonaffiliated third parties?
Rocky Mountain Power will not provide any sensitive personal information about its customers to company affiliates or nonaffiliated third parties without first receiving your written authorization or request to do so, except in the limited circumstances described above (which are expressly permitted by law).
How does Rocky Mountain Power protect the privacy of my account information once collected?
Keeping your personal and financial related information private is vitally important to Rocky Mountain Power. The Company maintains physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal, state and industry regulations to guard your sensitive personal information. Customer information is both secured from outside access through secure firewall technology as well as internally through customized employee access security profiles. Rocky Mountain Power restricts access to sensitive personal information about you to those employees who need to know that information to provide services to you. While Rocky Mountain Power believes these procedures are adequate, Rocky Mountain Power cannot guarantee their absolute performance.
Your input is appreciated.
