13
NEWS
Helix Jump 2 - Helix Jump is a famous game. We provide the Helix Jump 2 for you to enjoy it again. The ball takes its adventure again. Move...
Secret Agent - In this game, your task is to help the agent find the enigma and transmitter of the encrypted machine and find all the Wehrmacht...
Conquerium - Berzerk Studio’s latest Real-time Multiplayer strategy game. Pick one of 4 races, upgrade your favorite units and conquer...
Platform Combat - Blast, impale, burn, freeze, snipe, laser and explode other players in this fast paced multiplayer platform deathmatch game.Share...
Defly.io - Fly your little helicopter in this action-packed multiplayer IO game and try to conquer as much territory as possible!
Tapman - Classic Pacman game. Eat all the yellow dots and avoid the ghosts.
Table Soccer - Classic Table Soccer game. Try to beat your computer opponent. You can move all your players at once by dragging on the screen.
Forest Bubbles - Bubble Shooter Puzzle game: shoot bubbles up and create 3 or more of the same to remove the bubbles. Click/Tap on the shooter...
Tetro Classic - Classic Tetris game in html5. Drop down the falling blocks and complete horizontal lines. Complete lines disappear from the...
Vexed - Vexed is a classic Puzzle game in HTML5. Your goal is to move similar blocks together to remove those blocks. Remove all...
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
 
23-8-2018
This is your Page Sidebar and no widgets have been placed here, yet!
Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use.
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here: Cookie Policy
YES!! FREE GAMES. FOR EVERYONE. © 2018
Close
Login
