UK Letterbox complies fully with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Your data and privacy are important to us and we will handle it securely and legally, with care and respect. Below we explain what data we collect, how we use it, how it’s stored and for how long.
UK Letterbox and its employees agree to conduct their business according to the following charter:
We only hold data (e.g. personal and company information) to support the business service that we provide to our clients.
We recognise that our clients have the right to choose which information is made available to us and our employees and which, if any, information will be made available to partners of ours.
All information collected about you via the site is for our sole use and it will not be shared, sold, or released to any other entity without your consent, except where it is required by law and/or legal processes.
We will respond promptly to questions about the accuracy of information we hold and process for our clients.
We will monitor privacy issues on an on-going basis to ensure that any changes in legislation or industry standards regarding privacy issues are reflected in our privacy policy and understood by our employees.
We will maintain strict data security systems that ensure specific individual information will not be made available to any unauthorised person.
Data we collect:
UK Letterbox is regarded as the ‘Data Controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. Any of the following data may be collected:
Name
Identification documents such as photo ID and proof of address
Financial information (such as credit/debit card numbers)
Purpose of collecting data:
We need this information in order to provide our service(s) to you and/or to respond to enquiries. This may include:
Sending service updates/notifications by email
Collecting payment for our services
To obtain additional information
To check our records are correct and up-to-date
To comply with Anti-Money Laundering (AML) regulations and Know Your Customer (KYC) requirements
We will not collect any personal data that is unnecessary in facilitating our services and/or meeting our legal and regulatory obligations. With your consent, we will inform you of our promotions, offers and similar products that we believe will be of interest to you. This information is not shared with third parties and you can unsubscribe by clicking the relevant link at the bottom of the email.
How data is processed and stored:
The personal data we process is handled by our staff and is stored on our servers, both of which resides within the European Union. No third parties have access to your personal data unless the law allows permits them. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is processed and stored securely. Unless we are obliged or permitted by law to do so, your data will not be disclosed to third parties.
How long data is kept:
We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Retention periods vary depending on the type of Personal Data. However, we are legally required to keep basic information about our customers (including contact, identity, financial and transaction data) for six years after they cease being customers, for tax purposes. Information we use for marketing purposes (where you have given your consent) will be kept until such time you notify us that you no longer wish to be contacted.
External links:
We are not responsible for the content, decisions or offers of any links to third party websites. All links to third party websites are responsible for their own privacy policy, offers, content, and decisions. Please note that the inclusion of any link does not imply an endorsement by us, and we have no responsibility regarding the privacy policies and practices of other websites even when you access sites using links from our website(s), email communications or other marketing collateral.
Your rights:
If at any time you believe the information we hold for you is incorrect, you can request to see it and have it corrected or deleted. If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled or processed your personal data, you can contact us to have the matter investigated by emailing: info@ukletterbox.com FAO: Privacy
Changes to our privacy policy:
If we make any changes to our privacy policy, we will post the updated policy on the privacy policy page of this website. Users who have authorised email communication may be notified via email of any material changes to the policy.
Who can use us?
Anyone who needs a UK address and a flexible way of handling their post, such as:
Businesses
