5. Disclosures of your personal data
6. International transfers
7. Data security
8. Data retention
Welcome to the IFLScience’s content contributor privacy notice.
IFLScience respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you submit content to us, or agree to us processing your personal data as part of our content (together referred to as “content”) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
 
PURPOSE OF THIS PRIVACY NOTICE  
This privacy notice aims to give you information on how IFLScience collects and processes your personal data in connection with content, including any data you may provide to us when submitting content or contribute to IFLScience content (e.g. take part in an interview).
We do not knowingly collect data relating to children.
 
CONTROLLER 
IFLScience is made up of different legal entities, details of which can be found below. This privacy notice is issued on behalf of the IFLScience Group so when we mention ”IFLScience”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice, we are referring to the relevant company in the IFLScience Group responsible for processing your data. We will let you know which entity will be the controller for your data when you submit content to us or agree to us processing your personal data as part of our content.
 
Postal address: 6 Kean St., London UK WC2B4AS
Telephone number: +44 (0) 20 739 79 0441
 
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES  
We keep our privacy notice under regular review.
 
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified.
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:
Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender.
Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
Image means your image (either in static form or moving images) in connection with content.
 
IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA  
 
3. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED?
We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity and Contact by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
submit content;
complete a contributor’s release form;
complete an actor’s release form;
 
4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
On the basis of your consent.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
 
PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA  
We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
 
 
Specified Purpose (as set out in any applicable form/ contract agreed to by you)
·         Image
·         Notifying you of changes to our privacy notice.
·         Storing your contact details so that we can contact you.
·         Keeping a record of your consent.
·         Image
 
·         Necessary for our legitimate interests (to maintain a record of your contact details in case we need to contact you regarding the content; to keep our records updated).
·         Necessary to comply with a legal obligation.
 
  
CHANGE OF PURPOSE  
We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please Contact us.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
 
5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above.
Internal Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
External Third Parties as set out in the Glossary.
Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
 
6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS
We may share your personal data within the IFLScience Group. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area (EEA).
We ensure your personal data is protected by requiring all our group companies to follow the same rules when processing your personal data. These rules are called “binding corporate rules”. For further details, see European Commission: Binding corporate rules .
Many of our external third parties are based outside the European Economic Area (EEA) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA.
Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries .
Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe. For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries .
Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield .
 
7. DATA SECURITY
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
 
HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR?  
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
 
9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS
 
NO FEE USUALLY REQUIRED  
 
WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU  
 
TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND  
 
You have the right to:
Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to use the content. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
 
10. GLOSSARY
LAWFUL BASIS  
Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by Contacting us.
Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
 
INTERNAL THIRD PARTIES  
 
EXTERNAL THIRD PARTIES  
Professional advisers acting as processors including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based in the UK and the US who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as controllers based in the United Kingdom who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
Popular Stories
Week in Science
The IFLScience Newsletter
Sign up today to get weekly science coverage direct to your inbox
This website uses cookies
