Close
Send us a message
Failed! The error occured, message is not sent. Please try again later.
Close
Send us a message
Welcome to the world of magic, mystery, and adventure! Get in touch with us!
Send message
marketing@ocous.com
We will only consider messages sent to the appropriate addresses, so please choose the most relevant one.
Work with us
We believe small and independent teams are nimble, move fast and unstoppable. We take pride in the grandeur of our vision, the dedication of our team, and the boldness of our innovations. We look for talent globally to assemble the smartest and most driven teams capable of achieving extraordinary results.
Updated Date: Jan 25, 2013
Ocous and its affiliates (“Ocous”, us, our or “we”) are dedicated to protecting the privacy rights of our users (“users” or “you”). This Privacy Policy (the Policy) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with our websites, including www.ocous.com (the Sites) or any Ocous game provided on a mobile platform (for example, iOS and Android)(collectively, the “Service”). Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by Ocous through your use of the Service. Ocous is not responsible for the actions of third party people or companies, the content of their sites, the use of information you provide to them, or any products or services they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our sponsorship of, or affiliation with, those people or companies.
By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Service.
Information Collection and Use
Ocous collects information as described below. Ocous primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide Services to you, improve our Service, contact you, conduct research and create reports for internal use. We store information on servers located in the United States via Amazon Web Services and may store information on servers and equipment in other countries.
Ocous Sites
While you are browsing Ocous Sites, your computers operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and referring Web site addresses may be logged automatically. We may use this information to monitor and analyze your use of the Service. In addition, we may ask you to submit and we may process data that is personal to you, including but not limited to your name, profile photo, gender, age or birthday, links to your profiles on social networking websites and other third party sites, user names and e-mail and mail addresses. We may use this information to create a user profile. We may use your email address to contact you about your experience with Ocous Sites and notify you about company news and promotions. Your gender and birthday may be used to analyze user trends and target certain promotions. Your mail address may be used if we have merchandise or other physical promotional materials that we want to send to you.
Forums
Ocous may at times offer you the ability to post content to a blog, message board, chat room or within Ocous applications or other forums such as Ocous Facebook page (Forums”). You should be aware that any visitor to the Forums may read your postings on the Forums. Furthermore, any information that you may post to a Forum, including your username or other account profile information, will be disclosed and available to all users and viewers of that Forum, and will therefore no longer be private. Ocous cannot guarantee the security of such information that is disclosed or communicated online in public areas such as the Forums, and you provide such information at your own risk. Ocous does not author, edit, endorse, or monitor any Forum. You acknowledge and agree that Ocous has no responsibility for the accuracy or availability of information provided on any Forum. Ocous reserves the right at any time, in its sole discretion, to remove any content that a user may post on any Forum and restrict their access to any Forum.
iOS and Android Platforms
When you use any of the Ocous games or applications on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / non-persistent), hardware type, media access control (MAC) address, international mobile equipment identity (IMEI), the version of your operating system (OS), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your Internet Protocol (IP) address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.
In addition, we create a unique user ID to track your use of our Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track the Ocous games you are playing.
Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+
You may connect your Ocous user account to your Facebook account, Google+ account or to Apples Game Center (“SN Service”). We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to Ocous game(s).
If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Game Center or Google+ about you, please contact us at support@ocous.com.
Invite a Friend
Ocous may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a SN Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in Ocous games and/or you can invite them to join you in Ocous games. Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee. You or the third party may contact us at support@ocous.com to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent Ocous stores any of this information.
Customer Service
We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service group and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with Ocous games and notify you about company news and promotions.
Game Data Collection
Whenever you play our games, we collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with the other players inside the game via server log files. This data is stored within Amazon Web Services.
Other Collection
We may also acquire information from you through (1) your access and participation in message boards on the Service, (2) your participation in surveys regarding the Service or (3) your participation in a sweepstakes or contest through the Service.
Cookies
A cookie is a small text file that we transfer to your computer and/or device, to identify a user’s computer/device and to “remember” things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information for purposes such as improving the quality of our Service, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Service easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use features of the Service.
We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Service and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisement performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.
You may click on the following link: http://www.networkadvertising.org (or such other URL as may be specified by us from time to time) for information on how to opt-out of the use of cookies for the delivery of more relevant advertising.
Third Party Services
Our services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, examples of which include Google Analytics, Flurry and HasOffers. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address.
You can opt-out of Flurry Analytics tracking by clicking www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html
And you can opt-out of Google Analytics with this browser add-on tool:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Ad Networks
We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. You can opt-out of personalized ads/recommendations from Flurry by clicking http://www.flurry.com/user-opt-out.html. Please see http://adcolony.com/legal/privacy/ for information about AdColony,http://www.playhaven.com/privacy for information about PlayHaven, andhttps://help.chartboost.com/legal/privacy for information about Chartboost.
In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.
How We Use Information
We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this Policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:
create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
identify and suggest connections with other Ocous users;
operate and improve our Service;
understand you and your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment using our Service;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
provide and deliver products and services you request;
send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Ocous and our selected partners;
enable you to communicate with other users; and
link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better services.
Disclosure of Your information
Ocous does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:
With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies.
Ocous may engage other companies and individuals to perform services on our behalf. Example of these services include analyzing data. These agents and service providers may have access to your personal information in connection with the performance of services for Ocous
We may release your information as permitted by law or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
Ocous may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy
We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page and update the date at the top of the page. The changes will be effective when posted. Please check this page on a regular basis so that you remain aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Security
Ocous takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuse or alteration by third parties.
Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party hackers” from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties.
Our Policy Regarding Children
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at support@ocous.com.
Opting Out of Marketing
You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. If you opt-out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
You may also opt-out of receiving SMS notifications from us, either via SMS or online.
International Transfer
We may transfer information that we collect about you to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Policy.
Contact Information
If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at support@ocous.com.
Based in, Washington, Ocous started developing games for mobile platforms in 2011 with the focus of creating the most engaging MMORTS (massively multiplayer online real-time strategy) games for tablet and mobile devices.
© 2015 Ocous. All rights reserved
