Featured
 
 
 
 
 
What Information We Collect and For What Purposes
To most effectively offer our services, we may collect information from you in the following ways:
– Information You Provide to Register. If you wish to register for the Hollywood.com newsletter or to participate in a contest or giveaway, we request you to provide your email address and zip code (or foreign postal area). You may also include any additional information in a space provided. You are not required to provide this information, but then you may not receive the services.
– Server Log Information. Our servers automatically log certain basic technical information when a user accesses the website, which may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser’s request to the Hollywood.com server, the date and time of the request, the language and type of browser you use, certain mobile device information, the referring web page, your computer or mobile device operating system, and any Hollywood.com cookies associated with your browser.
– Communications From You to Us. If you send correspondence or email to us or otherwise communicate with us, we may retain copies of the communications to assist you or for our records.
– Cookies. When you browse to www.hollywood.com, our system sends a small file called a “cookie” to your computer that identifies your browser. This allows us to recognize you for purposes of saving your preferences or providing personalized service. We use cookies to record session information, to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, or to customize Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends. Since we use cookies to make your website visit more user friendly, please be aware that refusing cookies may not allow you to take full advantage of some our website features. We also use third-party analytical services such as Google Analytics and those services may use cookies to collect information regarding users that is not personally identifiable. If you enable a Do Not Track (“DNT”) setting in your browser, we will not set cookies.
– Social Networking. We allow you to sign into social networking and other online profiles through Hollywood.com so you can interact with our services using those accounts. Hollywood.com can only recognize you through these accounts if you specifically agree to share that information by signing in.
– Demographic Data. We may access information about you from third-party sources and platforms (such as databases, online marketing firms, and ad targeting firms) including your age range, gender, location, and interests.
The only purposes for which Hollywood.com processes personal information are those stated in this Privacy Policy, including the above, and the following purposes:
– To assist the technical support of our system
– To maintain and improve the quality of our services through auditing, research and analysis
– To develop new services or enhance existing service.
– To communicate with you or respond to a request.
– To better understand, market to and serve our users.
– To protect the rights of property or safety of Hollywood.com or its members.
 
Information You Reveal to Hollywood.com or Publish or Post is Public
 
NOTICE: CALIFORNIA MINORS (CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS UNDER AGE 18)
 
Where Information is Processed
 
Hollywood.com will not share your personal information with third parties unless:
– You give consent.
– The information is shared on a need-to-know basis with a person or company engaged as our agent to perform, or contribute to, our services, provided such person or company complies with this Privacy Policy. The information is shared on a need-to-know basis with a person or company engaged as our agent to perform, or contribute to, our services, provided such person or company complies with this Privacy Policy. In the case of contests or giveaways that you participate in, we may share information with a third party who runs the contest, or for shipping purposes.
 
Use of Non-Personal Information
Hollywood.com may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated demographic data that will not identify you or anyone personally, such as the number of users who viewed a particular page in a given time-period, or geographic statistics about our members.
Ads appearing on this website are displayed on your screen by either (a) one of our web advertising partners or (b) by us. Information about your visit to this site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad, your browser, the type of computer operating system you use, and whether or not you responded to the ad delivered, (but not your name, address, phone number or other personally identifying information), is used to serve advertisements to your screen. We may use your zip code or geographical location information to serve appropriate advertisements. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser.
 
Information Security
Any of your personal information that is stored is kept securely on servers maintained by Hollywood.com’s hosting provider Industry-standard encryption technologies are used when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, which encrypts information you input, except for domain name data.
 
Leaving Hollywood.com
 
Mergers or Acquisitions
 
Accessing or Updating Your Information
Our site also provides users the opportunity to decline to receive communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.
To correct, update, or remove information from our records and databases, or to unsubscribe from services, users have the following options:
– Users may send a request by email to membership@hollywood.com
– Users may unsubscribe to the Hollywood.com newsletter via the link within it (each time it is sent), or by sending email to the above email address or U.S. mail to the below address.
 
California Residents
It is not Hollywood.com’s practice to disclose your personal information to any third parties that use your information for direct marketing purposes. However, as required by California law, upon letter or email request by any California resident with whom Hollywood.com has an established business relationship, Hollywood.com will disclose to you each instance, if any, in the immediately preceding calendar year in which Hollywood.com disclosed your personal information to a third party that Hollywood.com knows or has reason to know used your personal information for direct marketing purposes. See California Civil Code § 1798.83.
Please address such requests to:
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
 
Choice / Opt-Out
Users of our site may opt out of their information being (1) disclosed to third parties; or (2) used for a purpose that is incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by a user. To opt-out, please submit your request to membership@hollywood.com
Sensitive personal information will never be disclosed to third parties or used for a purpose that is incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by a user, unless you expressly grant permission for the use.
Third Party Collection of Information
Certain third parties including, but not limited to, Facebook, whose pixels or data are used by our website, may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect or receive information from your website, and elsewhere on the internet, and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. You can opt-out of the collection and use of your information for ad targeting by accessing www.aboutads.info/choices  and following the opt-out instructions contained there.
Nielsen Digital Measurement and Your Right to Opt-Out
 
Safe Harbor Framework Notice
Hollywood.com, LLC complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Hollywood.com, LLC has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Hollywood.com, LLC’s certification, please visit http://export.gov/safeharbor/ . The company’s privacy policies are set forth at http://www.hollywood.com/privacy .
Recourse Mechanisms. If you have any complaints regarding the compliance of Hollywood.com, LLC with the Safe Harbor Framework, you may direct your complaint to our compliance representative:
Steven Marder
Hollywood.com, LLC
New York, NY 10022
 
Questions
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:
Privacy Matters
Hollywood.com, LLC
New York, New York 10022
or email us at membership@hollywood.com
©1999-2018 HOLLYWOOD.COM, LLC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
