We respect and guarantee your privacy!
There are many companies that will share your private information for marketing purposes, from your banks, financial institutions, grocery stores, to retail outlets and all of their affiliates.
We do NOT sell, give, or share your e-mail address with anyone (with the exception of our shipping companies' software so that you will be notified with a tracking number!).
We also do not provide/give/share/sell your personal name, address (or any other information about you) to anyone or with any business.
We do not do customer "profiling" on you.
We do not track where you were before visiting us or after leaving us.
No Personal Information Collected
We absolutely do NOT participate with Advertising Networks (many of which monitor and profile you) such as DoubleClick, LinkShare, Engage, 24/7, LinkExchange, ValueClick, Matchlogic, FastClick.net, Mediaplex.com, AdMonitor.net, Focalink.com, LinkSynergy, TrafficMP, Centerport, AdBureau.net, and Links2go to name just a few.
We do not participate with "Referrers" (information passed along when you move from one site to another or use our search feature or even just sending e-mail).
We do not give your IP address to others.
We do not offer your info to third part databases such as Acxiom and Experian.
We DO treasure and honor your privacy.
We never give/sell/share any of your personal information or your buying habits to anyone.
We do not send spam email.
Because we are very proud of the many "thanks" that we have received from our customers, sometimes we will share your name, city and state, on our satisfied customers page. Because we believe and guarantee your privacy, rest assured that we always ask for your written permission before showing your "thank you" words and notes.
Cookies - Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
Log Data - Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. Our site may use third party services such as Google Analytics to monitor and analyze the Log Data.
We respect your privacy!
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
- John Dewey
Search plumbing products:  
