FREE! "Life's Too Short to Be A Condo Volunteer Unless...
You Take These 10 Steps To Enjoy It"
Learn Secrets to Being a
Successful Condo Board Member
Privacy Policy
Maintaining your trust and confidence is a high priority. We recognize that protecting the privacy and security of our clients is an important responsibility. That’s why we want you to understand how we protect your privacy when we collect and use information about you, and the steps that we take to safeguard that information.
Privacy Policy
We have adopted this policy with recognition that protecting the privacy and security of the personal information we obtain about our clients is an important responsibility. We also know that you expect us to service you in an accurate and efficient manner. To do so, we must collect and maintain certain personal information about you.
We want you to know what information we collect and how we use and safeguard that information.
What Information We Collect
We collect certain nonpublic personal identifying information about you (such as your name, address, etc.) from information that you provide on applications or other forms as well as communications (electronic, telephone, written or in person) with you or your authorized representatives.
What Information We Disclose
For current and former clients, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information obtained in the course of our practice except as required or permitted by law. Permitted disclosures include, for instance, providing information to our employees, and in limited situations, to unrelated third parties who need to know that information to assist us in providing services to you. In all such situations, we stress the confidential nature of information being shared.
Security of Your Information
We retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with professional guidelines. In order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards.
Changes to our Privacy Policy or Relationship With You
Our policy about obtaining and disclosing information may change from time to time. We will provide you notice of any material change to this policy before we implement the change.
Please call if you have any questions, because your privacy, our professional ethics, and the ability to provide you with quality services are very important to us.
Sign up for your
Telephone Number
We respect your privacy and will not sell or rent your contact information.
About Us
Lou Lutz CMCA, AMS, PCAM & CPM has been helping condominium board members and other volunteers govern their associations successfully for over 40 years. He has received several awards and is a recent recipient of the Barbara D Wick Special Service Award from the Community Association Institute (CAI) for his role in establishing a curriculum for educating and training board members. A recognized expert of community management he is a frequent speaker and has written several articles on the subject of community associations. He is a certified national instructor for CAI. In addition to being a licensed Community Association Manager he is a licensed real estate broker and a licensed insurance producer. He is the Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of First Community Management.
Newsletter
 
Phone: (312) 497-3894
