Privacy
Privacy policy
We put your privacy as a priority at Cash4UsedCars.com and go to lengths to protect it. Cash4usedcar.com’s privacy policy covers the collection and use of any personal information which may be collected by Cash4UsedCars.com at anytime the user interacts with Cash4UsedCars.com and its affiliates, such as when you visit our website, purchase Cash4UsedCars.com services or products, or when you call our customer service numbers. Cash4UsedCars.com asks that you please read the following to find out more about our information practices, such as what type of information we gather, how we use said information, for what purposes it is used, to whom we may disclose this information, and our safeguarding practices.
Collecting Personal Information
We collect personal information to help us give our users a high level of customer service. It allows us to to cater better to your needs by bringing to your attention categories most suited to you and give you quick access to our services and products. The users personal information will also allow us to better make you aware of the latest special offers, events, updates or announcements. If you do not wish to be kept abreast of the most recent Cash4UsedCars.com updates, news and information please send an email to the webmaster to update your preferences.
Which Information
There are several instances in which the users personal information may allow us to provide better service, such as speaking with a representative on the telephone, setting any appointments, filling out our online form, participating in an online survey and registering or purchasing a product or service. In such instances we may collect our users personal information with regards to the specific situation such as name, phone number, email address, mailing address and/or contact preferences; in addition to information about your vehicle and its location. We may collect information for market research purposes, such as where you access the internet and your occupation, to learn more about our users and provide services better suited to them. We may also collect information with regards to user activities on the Cash4UsedCars.com and its affiliate’s websites. This allows us to ascertain the most useful information for our users and to learn which parts of our website and content is of the most interest to them. If the user opts to use bulletin board, chat room or leave a comment on the Cash4UsedCars.com website they should be aware that any information they share my be accessible by other users. Personal information the user submits to any one of these forums can be seen, collected and used by other users to send you unsolicited messages. Cash4UsedCars.com is not responsible for the personally identifiable information the user chooses to submit to these forums.
When we disclose a users information
At Cash4UsedCars.com our users privacy is held in the strictest confidence. Our users should know that Cash4UsedCars.com does not sell or rent our users contact information to other marketers. To ensure a high level of service, our users personal information may be shared with legal entities within the Cash4UsedCars.com affiliates who will safeguard it in accordance with Cash4UsedCars.com’s privacy policy as seen here. There may also be times when it may benefit Cash4UsedCars.com to make certain personal user information to companies that Cash4UsedCars.com has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Cash4UsedCars.com to provide products and services to our users on our behalf. Such companies could be utilized for processing information, fulfill customer orders, manage and enhance customer data, deliver products to our users, provide customer service, assess users interest in our products and services, extend credit or conduct customer research or satisfaction surveys. Such companies are under obligation to protect our users personal information in accordance with Cash4UsedCars.com’s policies. Cash4UsedCars.com makes this information available to ensure smooth processing, adequate customer service, provide us feedback to improve our products and services, or access certain services, offers and content on the Cash4UsedCars.com website. There may be times when Cash4UsedCars.com is required by law or litigation to disclose a users personal information. We may also disclose information about our users if requested as a matter of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance where disclosure may become necessary.
How We Protect Our User
Cash4UsedCars.com takes preventative measures, including technical, physical and administrative, to ensure the safety of our users information against theft, loss and misuse, as well as unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, and destruction. Our users can help us by taking preventative measures of their own when they are on the internet. Users should change their passwords often using a combination of numbers and letters, and making sure they use a secure web browser.
Integrity of Our Users Personal Information
Cash4UsedCars.com utilizes safeguards to keep our users personal information complete, accurate and up to date for the purpose for which it is used. Users will always have the right to access and update the personal information that they have provided to us. If a user would like to update or get a copy of personal information they can email the webmaster.
Cookies and other technologies
Cash4UsedCars.com utilizes “cookies” and other technologies to help us better understand the most popular parts of our website, where our users go the most, and how much time they spend there. We also use cookies and other technologies to ensure our online advertising is correctly bringing users to our products and services. We use cookies and other technologies to study site traffic patterns, and to study effectiveness of customer communications. In addition we use cookies to customize user experience and make things more convenient each time you interact with us. If a user prefers not to enable cookies, please email the webmaster for instructions to disable cookies. The user should note that disabling cookies may render parts of the Cash4UsedCars.com website inaccessible. As with most websites, Cash4UsedCars.com may gather certain information automatically and store it into log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) pages, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), operating system, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp and clickstream data. This information does not identify individual users and is used to administer the site, gather demographic information about our user base, analyze trends, and track users’ movements around the Cash4UsedCars.com website. We will not use any of the information collected to market directly to that user. In some of our email correspondence there may be a “click-through URL” which will be linked to content on the Cash4UsedCars.com website. When a user clicks on one of these URLs they will pass through our web server prior to arriving at the destined web page. We track these click-throughs to measure effectiveness of customer communications and to help determine interest in a particular topics. If a user prefers not to be tracked, they can avoid it by not clicking on text or graphic links in email communications. We may also use pixel tags, tiny graphic images, to inform us which parts of the Cash4UsedCars.com website users have visited or measure the effectiveness of searches our users perform on our website. These pixel tags allow us to send email messages in the correct format for each user, and tell us whether emails have been opened, this helps ensure we are only sending messages of interest to our users. We store this information in a secure database.
Commitment to user privacy
To ensure that our users information is secure we communicate our privacy policy to our Cash4UsedCars.com employees and are strict in enforcing privacy safeguards within our company. Additionally Cash4UsedCars.com supports industry initiatives, such as Online Privacy Alliance and TRUSTe, to preserve users privacy rights on the internet. We will not knowingly solicit or send requests for personal information from a minor. Cash4UsedCars.com upholds the safe harbor framework built by the U.S. Department of Commerce for the collection, retention and use of personal information collected from the European Union. Our users can find more information about the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program . Cash4UsedCars.com’s website may have links to the websites of other companies. Cash4UsedCars.com is not responsible for their privacy practices and we encourage our users to learn about the privacy policies of those companies.
Privacy Policy Questions
Should any of our users have questions or concerns about Cash4UsedCars.com’s customer Privacy Policy or data processing please contact the webmaster. If any user would not like Cash4UsedCars.com to keep them up to date with Cash4UsedCars.com news, updates, and the latest information on products and services they should email the webmaster to update contact information and preferences. If any user should notify us that they would not like us to use their information for a particular purpose, we will honor the request. Cash4UsedCars.com retains the right to update its privacy policy periodically. The date of the most recent update will always be posted at the end of this privacy policy. Updated February 1st, 2007.
"I wanted to sell my Car ! Cash4UsedCars.com made it EASY"
Cash4UsedCars Commercial
