LEGOLAND® encourages families to visit LEGOLAND.com together as a shared activity.
We take online privacy and security concerns seriously. At the same time, we are continually working to make your personal experience when visiting or using our site as exciting and pleasant as possible. To help us accomplish that goal, we will need to collect and use some information from you when you use our site.
LEGOLAND.com may collect information from you - personal as well as non-personal - for internal use within the LEGOLAND® business. Any information collected may be shared within relevant LEGOLAND departments.
We may disclose personal information collected from you as required by law, for example in response to a court order or subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a specific request from a law enforcement agency.
Except as set out above, we will not sell, rent or otherwise disclose any personal information to any company or person outside LEGOLAND®, without obtaining appropriate permission prior to such disclosure. We may collect information about you through active as well as passive means.
We may collect personal information directly from you through our sites when: 1) you sign up to receive newsletters and other information; 2) in some instances, when you enter contests and participate in various activities featured on LEGOLAND.com; and 3) when you purchase products online through our LEGOLAND Online Shop. We also use passive means to collect some information, such as tracking what pages you go to on the site. This information is then provided to our consumer data department in order for them to determine how to make your experience at our sites more enjoyable.
We will not use personal information we collect from you for purposes other than those for which the information was collected, without asking for appropriate permission prior to such use.
We may use your name and address information to send you newsletters and other product and service information that we believe you may find of interest if, permitted by law. You may opt out of receiving such catalogs and other product and service information (including, but not limited to, marketing research and/or being contacted by a researcher) at any time by calling our consumer service number  877-350-5346 . Upon request, you have the right to review any personal information we may have concerning you or your children.
Children Under the Age of 13
When a child under the age of 13 contacts LEGOLAND online, for example to participate in a contest or to ask a question we will collect that child's email address and the e-mail address of the child's parent or guardian. We will use the child's e-mail address only for the purpose for which it was collected and we will use the e-mail address of the parents or guardians only to provide notification about the child's contact with us and to provide notification of the types and uses of information collected as required under the law. We will also provide information as to how the parent or guardian of the child can review and request deletion of the child's personal information and how to prevent further collection and use of personal information concerning the child.
As a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 from whom we have collected personal information, you have the right to review and have deleted such personal information and to refuse to permit further collection or use of such information. To do so, you should contact us at  877-350-5346 . Parents and guardians who wish to review personal information concerning their children will be required to specify the usernames and passwords of the children concerned and to provide their own e-mail address for verification and contact purposes.
No personal information collected from children under 13 will be sold, rented or otherwise disclosed to any company outside LEGOLAND, except for disclosure to companies acting as our agents to help us provide services requested by the child, or pursuant to court order, subpoena or a specific request from a law enforcement agency.
We cannot and will not establish conditions that will require or encourage children to disclose personal information over and above what is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity features on our web sites.
Children under 13 years of age are allowed to participate in contests. However, if such a child wins, notification will be sent to the parent or guardian's e-mail address (provided by the child when he/she enters the contest). Also, we will not ask the child for any personal information beyond e-mail addresses without obtaining prior parental consent. Any personal information obtained from children and parents during contests will be kept until the contest ends and prizes are delivered and then it will be deleted.
If any activity featured on LEGOLAND.com will allow children under the age of 13 to reveal personal information publicly (for example, via un-moderated chat rooms or bulletin boards), we will obtain parental consent before allowing the child to participate. Currently, all such activities are moderated, monitored and screened.
Purchasing from LEGOLAND Online Shop
When you make a purchase from a LEGOLAND Online Shop, we will need to obtain personal information from you. We will need your real name and address (billing as well as shipping address) along with your credit card information or other payment method, in order to complete your transaction and ship your products.
If you feel uncomfortable submitting your credit card information over the Internet, you may submit your name, address and order information through the LEGOLAND Online Shop and submit credit card information by phone.
LEGO Electronic Postcards and Other Messages to Your Friends and Family
You can send electronic post cards from various pages on the site. Any e-mail addresses collected during this type of activity are stored and are subject to relevant marketing information until such time that you may choose to opt out.
Does LEGOLAND.com Use Cookies?
Yes. We add a cookie to your computer (unless your system is set up not to receive cookies), in order to let us keep track of what games you play and what products or tickets you buy from LEGOLAND Florida. We also add the cookie in order to remember your browser settings, such as the type of browser you use and what plug-ins you have installed. This keeps us from bothering you every time you enter the site in order to make sure that you have the necessary equipment to play a game or download information from our sites. It also allows us to know how many people are using certain types of software, so that we can adjust our site to provide the best browsing experience for every visitor. Basically, when we add a cookie, we are not collecting personal information, but the non-personal information that we do get helps us make sure that our products and our communications to our guests are responsive to their interests. We hope to be able to continue to make the LEGOLAND World Wide Web sites interesting and entertaining for users of all ages and to ensure that we continue to make the kind of products that children love and parents trust.
What is a cookie?
Cookies are small data files that your browser may place on your computer when you visit different web sites to mark that you have been there.
How do I know when a cookie has been added?
Check your settings... many browsers allow you to choose your preference. If you have set your browser setting to refuse cookies, then we cannot put a cookie on your computer.
What if I don't accept the cookie?
You can still participate in a few of our online activities. However, if a LEGOLAND Cookie is not present, it will limit our ability to customize our site for you, deliver a better online experience and improve the features of our site. Some cookies save us from having to check for compatibility of your system with various parts of the site every time you visit, making the site faster and easier for you to use. When you play a game, a cookie helps us to keep track of where you are in the site so that you can come back to the same place in a game that you are playing or you don't lose your basket, etc. and makes sure that only you have access to that information. If you don't accept our cookies, you won't be able to save some games, add items to your wish list or shopping cart and the site will be a little slower as we check your browser's compatibility with our site as you click through.
Information that is automatically collected using our LEGOLAND Florida App:
When you use the App, we automatically collect specific data that are required for the use of the App. This includes:
- Location, accuracy and date/time periodically throughout the day (only while at the attraction)
- Each visit to the resort including date/time first seen and last seen
- Operating system
- Mobile network carrier name
- Currently connected Wi-Fi SSID
- IP address
- App version and build number
- App interactions (captured as events fed to Firebase Analytics and Keen IO)
- Date/time entered/exited geofence region (if you enter an offered geofence region)
This data processing is justified on the basis that (1) the processing is required in order to fulfil the requirements of the contract for the use of the App. between you as the data subject and us in compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, if applicable, Art. 6(1)(b) of the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), or (2) we have a legitimate interest in guaranteeing the functionality and fault-free operation of the App and being able to offer a service that is in line with the requirements of the market and with the interests of the users and our legitimate interest prevails over your rights and interests in the protection of your personal data as permitted by applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, including, but not limited to, if applicable, Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR.
How to Change or Review the Information
At LEGOLAND, we're committed to providing high quality products and services and we're equally committed to building long-lasting relationships with our consumers. Relationships like this are built on mutual trust, so whenever you question what data has been collected or you want to change personal information or personal options regarding your online information, we encourage you to do so as outlined below.
Personal information collected online from you may be reviewed by accessing your online account. Members and customers who have registered online with us may update their account information and change personal options at any time.
LEGOLAND may need to change its online privacy policy from time to time to keep up with the ever-changing virtual reality. However, if policy changes are implemented which would materially and adversely affect the online privacy or security of our guests, the new policy will be e-mailed to all registered guests at their e-mail address.
LEGOLAND Florida Resort
One LEGOLAND Way
  
 
   
  
LEGOLAND® Florida Resort is a multi-day vacation destination built for kids 2-12. Located in Central Florida’s Winter Haven, just 45 minutes from Orlando and Tampa, the resort includes an interactive, 150-acre theme park with more than 50 rides, shows and attractions inspired by popular LEGO® brands and characters, LEGOLAND Water Park and a world-famous botanical garden. LEGOLAND Hotel, located just steps from the theme park entrance, features 152 rooms and suites, each with its own LEGO theme. LEGOLAND Beach Retreat is a lakefront resort with 83 themed bungalows offering 166 separate rooms. Prices, times and schedules are subject to change without notice. LEGO, the LEGO logo, the Minifigure, DUPLO, the DUPLO logo, LEGENDS OF CHIMA, the LEGENDS OF CHIMA logo, the FRIENDS logo, the MINIFIGURES logo, MINDSTORMS, the MINDSTORMS EV3 logo, NINJAGO, the NINJAGO logo, NEXO KNIGHTS, and the NEXO KNIGHTS logo are trademarks and/or copyrights of the LEGO Group. ©2018 The LEGO Group. All rights reserved.
Star Wars™ and all characters, names and related indicia are © 2018 Lucasfilm Ltd. & TM. All rights reserved.
