Password recovery
your username
your password
your email
your username
Password recovery
90 Soccer Privacy Policy
90 Soccer knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting our website, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
This Privacy Policy covers 90 Soccer’s treatment of personal information that 90 Soccer gathers when you are on the 90 Soccer website and when you use 90 Soccer services. This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that 90 Soccer does not own or control, or to individuals that 90 Soccer does not employ or manage.
Information Collected by 90 Soccer.
We only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience. We do not process this information in a way that is incompatible with this objective. We collect the following types of information from our 90 Soccer users:
Information You Provide to Us:
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
Automatic Information:
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. 90 Soccer and its authorized agents automatically receive and record certain “traffic data” on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, 90 Soccer cookie information, and the page you requested. 90 Soccer uses this traffic data to help diagnose problems with its servers, analyze trends and administer the website.
90 Soccer may collect and, on any page, display the total counts that page has been viewed.
Many companies offer programs that help you to visit websites anonymously. While 90 Soccer will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these programs are available.
E-mail Communications
90 Soccer is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission, as detailed in the “Sharing Your Information” section below. 90 Soccer may send out e-mails with 90 Soccer-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. 90 Soccer cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is.
The “help” portion of the toolbar on the majority of browsers will direct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to command the browser to tell you when you receive a new cookie, or how to fully disable cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies activated because cookies allow you to use some of 90 Soccer’s coolest features.
90 Soccer’s advertising partners may place a cookie on your browser that makes it possible to collect anonymous non-personally identifiable information that ad delivery systems use to present more relevant ads. If you would prefer to opt-out of this standard practice, please visit our advertising partner Platform-A’s privacy policy and opt-out page.
Sharing Your Information
Rest assured that we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone and that we will share your personal information only as described below.
90 Soccer Personnel: 90 Soccer personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of 90 Soccer business.
Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if 90 Soccer, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred.
Protection of 90 Soccer and Others: We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of 90 Soccer, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Syndication: 90 Soccer allows for the RSS syndication of all of its public content within the 90 Soccer website.
With Your Consent: Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.
Children Under 18 Years of Age
You must be 13 years and older to register to use the 90 Soccer website. As a result, 90 Soccer does not specifically collect information about children. If we learn that 90 Soccer has collected information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. We recommend that minors between the ages of 13 and 18 ask and receive their parents’ permission before using 90 Soccer or sending information about themselves or anyone else over the Internet.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
90 Soccer may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the 90 Soccer website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.
Conditions of Use
If you decide to visit 90 Soccer website, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of California state law.
Effective Date of this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of November 2010.
90 SOCCER BLOGGER
Click HERE  to become a writter 90 SOCCER. Let Your Voice Be Heard!
STAY CONNECTED
2,366Followers Follow
90SOCCER.com is the publisher and owner of this website as well as the contents of the website. The 90SOCCER.com logo is a trademark of LiveWire Creative Services. Contents copyright © 2003-2018. All rights reserved. No material contained herein is to be reproduced without the prior written permission of the publisher. Editorial contributions are welcomed, but 90SOCCER.com, assumes no responsibility for unsolicited proposals, manuscripts, and photographs. All submitted material will not be returned.  Contact us: info@90soccer.com
Follow Us
Advertise
Blogger
MORE STORIES
