Seeking inventors to help innovate for:
Matching People and Tasks in Tech Innovation Finding the right people for the job is half the challenge in developing innovations.   Improving our collective ability to deliver the best solutions to address our customers’ needs is a win-win for all our members.
Food Quality Monitoring Xinova seeks breakthrough methods to measure sugar content in solid foods.
Transformational Snacks Thanks to our on-the-go culture, snacks are no longer dedicated to just bites between meals.
Privacy Policy
Xinova, LLC (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the xinova.com website (the “Service”).
This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.
We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible at xinova.com.
Information Collection And Use
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your email address, name, phone number (“Personal Information”).
We collect this information for the purpose of providing the Service, identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, and improving our services.
Log Data
We collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and transferred to your device. We use cookies to collect information in order to improve our services for you.
You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. The Help feature on most browsers provide information on how to accept cookies, disable cookies or to notify you when receiving a new cookie.
If you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Service and we recommend that you leave them turned on.
Behavioral Remarketing
Intellectual Ventures uses remarketing services to advertise on third party web sites to you after you visited our Service. We, and our third party vendors, use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.
Google
Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page. Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page.
Do Not Track Disclosure
We do not support Do Not Track (“DNT”). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.
Service Providers
We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.
Compliance With Laws
We will disclose your Personal Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our Service.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, and we strive to implement and maintain reasonable, commercially acceptable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we store, in order to protect it from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.
However, please be aware that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and we are unable to guarantee the absolute security of the Personal Information we have collected from you.
International Transfer
Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to United States and process it there.
Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
Links To Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Only persons age 18 or older have permission to access our Service. Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).
We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you learn that your Children have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from a children under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of September 28, 2016 and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.
We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website.
Xinova has more invention opportunities
 
Kid’s Beverage Packaging
Seeking inventions that simplify the operating of beverage packaging for kids.
High Efficiency Reverse Osmosis
Seeking high water recovery, low energy approaches in reverse osmosis water treatment and retrieval applications.
Method for Processing Plant-Based Proteins
Seeking processes and methods for proteins derived from plants other than soy.
Carbohydrate Availability and Utilization Measurement
Seeking inventions to measure carbohydrate availability and utilization rates in order to provide athletes necessary information to positively impact their performance during training and competition.
Food Safety
Seeking new food safety technologies that are non-destructive, accurate, rapid, and minimize sampling errors.
Water Recovery from Dry Snack Manufacturing
Seeking inventions that enable the reuse of evaporated water captured from dry snack manufacturing. 
In-Line Sensors for Beverage Manufacturing
Seeking inventions that improve the ability of beverage producers to track beverage composition in-line during production.
Non-Ingredient Binding of Foods
Seeking technologies that enable the binding or agglomeration of food particles within a cereal bar or snack cluster.  
Building a Better PET Bottle
 
Fountain Drink Subscription for Venues
Seeking inventions that facilitate the use of a subscription-type model to access fountain drinks in large venues.
Comfort Optimizing Home Energy Management Systems (HEMS)     
Seeking new artificial intelligence (AI) methods for maintaining or increasing user comfort, while increasing energy efficiency when compared to non-HEMS homes.
Fecal Sludge Dewatering
Low Cost Snack Preparation Platform
Seeking inventions for a low cost snack preparation platform that can produce fast, ready-to-eat snacks for developing markets. 
Bottle Closure Sanitation
Seeking new inventions to ensure drinks remain safe, while reducing unnecessary water consumption during production and sanitation.
Processing Bio-Based Composite Films for Food Packaging
Seeking viable and commercial scale methods for the processing and conversion of bio-based composites.
In-Line Food Processing Sensors
Seeking in-line food processing sensors for select points in the processing of chips, extruded products, and carbonated beverages.
Flexible-to-Rigid Packaging
Seeking inventions that create new rigid packaging solutions formed from flexible materials.
Invent your future with Xinova
We believe PROBLEMS ARE A GOOD THING. Every day, our global network of innovators wakes up believing each problem is an opportunity to find a new solution or application. If that’s you too, we’d love to have you join us!
Global Community
Connect to a vibrant global community of innovators, offering support and invention collaboration opportunities
Explore new realms for invention with industry defined problems to be solved
Diverse challenges spanning multiple technology fields
Financial Reward
Gain opportunities for technical development funding
Explore additional paid opportunities within network
 
Ability to concentrate on research, development and the innovation process.
Xinova offers an efficient approach for all
innovators, from pre-submission to innovation to prototype and beyond
Gain international exposure through our established networks
Innovator Registration
Suite 300
No. 01-1108, B1185 Office
North Road of the Workers Stadium
Chaoyang District
Beijing, China
Affiliate office in Israel, Helsinki & Vienna
XINOVA and THINK BEYOND are service marks of Xinova.  All rights reserved.
