Search
Powerstroke
Cummins
Duramax
EcoDiesel
Did you mean {{ response.didYouMean.query }} ?
Privacy Policy
Xtreme Diesel Performance understands the importance of maintaining our customers privacy online. In a time of spam e-mail, and credit card fraud we understand our customers have the right to know how personal information is handled.
What information does Xtreme Diesel Performance need from me?
When placing an order on this or any other site certain information is needed to process the order. Your name and billing address associated with the credit card you are using, your credit card information, e-mail address and shipping address.
Why do you need more then one address from me?
In most cases Xtreme Diesel Performance only needs one address, as long as your product is shipping to the same location as your billing information. In order to eliminate credit card fraud your billing information must match the credit card you provide. Xtreme Diesel will ship to any location within the continental U.S. Your shipping information does not need to match the billing information.
What happens to my information when I send it?
The information you provided us will only to be used to complete your order. When your credit card is processed, the billing address you provided is then matched to protect against fraud. Only your shipping address and product information goes to our shipping department, all billing and credit card information is kept with the original invoice in our system.
Will my e-mail address be given out?
Xtreme Diesel Performance does not sell or give out any personal information including your e-mail address to any third-parties. The information you provide to us, stays with us. Xtreme Diesel Performance will send out newsletters and we will use your e-mail address to keep you informed on new products and specials. If you do not wish to receive our newsletter please let us know upon ordering and your e-mail will not be stored in our database.
Is my credit card information safe?
Yes. Xtreme Diesel Performance uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology to encrypt your information. When you click on the Check Out button you will notice the browser change from http:// to https://. Depending on your browser you may also have a box appear stating you are about to view information over a secure connection. SecurityMetrics has determined that Xtreme Diesel Performance, LLC. is COMPLIANT with the PCI scan validation requirements. SecurityMetrics for PCI Compliance, QSA, IDS, Penetration Testing, Forensics, and Vulnerability Assessment
When is my credit card charged?
Xtreme Diesel charges your credit card at the time your product is ready to ship. The exception to this is Google Checkout and PayPal orders placed online, they will be charged when you place your order. When using this website, you are subject to the terms in this privacy policy. We will keep your information confidential and secure. Please e-mail us with any questions or comments about this policy. Your Access to and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 732-719-0955 or via email at [email protected]
Customer Submitted Media
By submitting user media to Xtreme Diesel Performance, LLC (XDP), the submitter hereby agrees to grant the authorization and permission of XDP and its employees to use submitted media and content for the purpose of publication, promotion, illustration, advertising, websites or in any manner or in any medium without the need of attributon to the user. User submitted media includes but is not limited to photographs, images, video, illustrations, diagrams and audio. By submitting, the user understands and agrees to waive his/her right to any compensation for any submitted media as a result of use by XDP, and waives his/her right to approve the final product using submitted media. The submitter hereby releases XDP and its legal representatives from all claims, liability and damages relating to user submitted media. By submitting user media, the user warrants and agrees that the user is eighteen (18) years old or more.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about the Xtreme Diesel Performance Privacy Policy or data processing, please contact us. Xtreme Diesel Performance may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy. Xtreme Diesel Performance, LLC. 1758 State Route 34 N, Wall Township, NJ 07727
ATTENTION: Products on this website are designed, tested, and listed for mid-size diesel pick-up trucks unless otherwise noted. Many products will NOT work on E-series vans, Excursions, 4500/5500 series, F-450/550, heavy duty trucks, and motor home applications unless otherwise specified. If you have any questions about a product working for a specific application please contact us first, refunds will not be given for products installed or attempted to be install on the incorrect application. Our toll free help line is 1-888-Diesel4 please call if you're unsure.
We believe all prices and information on our website to be accurate. Prices and information on the website can change without notice. Xtreme Diesel reserves the right to completely refund your money in the event of a misprinted price. Xtreme Diesel Performance holds no responsibility for any damages incurred from the products we sell. Any warranties offered on other manufacturers products are through their respective manufacturer, and not through XDP.
The products on the website are after market performance products and accessories. Install and use these products at your own risk.
Automotive Images provided by FUEL - Copyright EVOX Images
Speak with a diesel expert
1-888-DIESEL-4
Hours-EST
Back to Top
