Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Gentleman’s Box collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the https://gentlemansbox.com website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Gentleman’s Box.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Gentleman’s Box may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service
Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
To personalize user experience
We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our Site
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
To process payments
We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To send periodic emails
We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Your data is stored in programs such as (but not limited to) Braintree (our payment processing system), Woo Commerce (our e-commerce store/management system), MailChimp (our email service provider), Google Analytics, Facebook Business Manager (limited to encrypted hashes of relevant user data) Shopper Approved (email and survey responses may be stored), Typeform (some personal idedification information and survey responses may be stored), and WordPress (our website hosting platform).
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated User information with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.
Payment gateways often share data with the payment provider to process the payment.
Shipping extensions often share data with shipping providers to calculate shipping rates or print shipping labels.
Marketing and analytics extensions often share data to add customers to lists or analyze their behavior.
If you opt-in to receive a GQ magazine subscription through being a member, your name, email, phone number, and shipping address will be shared with Conde Nast publications to create your subscription.
Retaining Your Personal Information
We retain transaction data (order contents and amounts) and customer contact data (name, email, phone number, and address) for an indefinite period of time. All of this data is backed up in an external database with WPEngine. Data is not deleted from our Site or database unless it is requested by User to be done so, or certain User data is obtained by suspected fraudulent activity (i.e. through credit card fraud or bot spamming). Any User has the right to request what data is retained or modified. In certain cases, deleting or modifying certain data may affect User’s experience and ability to use this website (i.e. purchase subscriptions)
Changes to this privacy policy
Gentleman’s Box has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact our Data Protection Officer, Christopher George, at privacy@gentlemansbox.com .
Gentleman’s Box
Last updated: 5/22/2018
and updates in your inbox each month.
© Copyright 2018 Gentleman's Box. All Rights Reserved.
the gentleman’s newsletter
