Privacy Policy
About Us
This is a privacy policy for TypeRacer. Our homepage on the Web is located at http://www.typeracer.com . The full text of our privacy policy is available on the Web at http://play.typeracer.com/privacy/privacy_policy.html Users may go to for information on how to opt-in or opt-out of use of their information.
We invite you to contact us if you have questions about this policy. You may contact us by e-mail at contact@typeracer.com .
Dispute Resolution and Privacy Seals
We have the following privacy seals and/or dispute resolution mechanisms. If you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, they can help you resolve your concern.
Dispute Resolution: Please contact customer support with your privacy concerns.
Additional Information
This policy is valid until 1 Jan, 2011 at 12:00:00 EST.
Data Collection
P3P policies declare the data they collect in groups (also referred to as "statements"). This policy contains 2 data groups. The data practices of each group will be explained separately.
Group "Basic information"
Navigation and click-stream data
Current location data
At the user's option, we may also collect the following data:
Preference data
User's Name
Completion and support of the current activity.
Web site and system administration.
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Data collected from all Web users: access logs, and search strings (if entered).
Group "Cookies"
At the user's option, we will collect the following data:
HTTP cookies
Research and development.
This data will be used by ourselves and our agents.
The following explanation is provided for why this data is collected:
Cookies are used to track visitors to our site,  so we can better understand what portions of our site best serve you.
Cookies
Cookies are a technology which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Our site makes use of cookies. Cookies are used for the following purposes:
User targeting
The compact policy which corresponds to this policy is:
CP="CAO DSP COR CURa ADMa DEVa TAIa OUR BUS IND PHY ONL UNI COM NAV DEM PRE LOC"
The following table explains the meaning of each field in the compact policy.
Field
Meaning
CP=
This is the compact policy header; it indicates that what follows is a P3P compact policy.
CAO
DSP
COR
CURa
The data is used for completion of the current activity.
ADMa
DEVa
TAIa
OUR
BUS
Our business practices specify how long the data will be kept.
IND
PHY
ONL
UNI
DEM
PRE
Current location information is collected.
The compact policy is sent by the Web server along with the cookies it describes. For more information, see the P3P deployment guide at http://www.w3.org/TR/p3pdeployment .
Policy Evaluation
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6 will evaluate this policy's compact policy whenever it is used with a cookie. The actions IE will take depend on what privacy level the user has selected in their browser (Low, Medium, Medium High, or High; the default is Medium. In addition, IE will examine whether the cookie's policy is considered satisfactory or unsatisfactory, whether the cookie is a session cookie or a persistent cookie, and whether the cookie is used in a first-party or third-party context. This section will attempt to evaluate this policy's compact policy against Microsoft's stated behavior for IE6.
