Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the https://www.jackrabbitclass.com and Jackrabbit Technologies, Inc. and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Jackrabbit Technologies, Inc. include https://www.jackrabbitclass.com and Jackrabbit. The Jackrabbit website is a Class Management Software site. By using the Jackrabbit website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Jackrabbit may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. As used in this Privacy Policy, “personal information” shall be defined as it is in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Jackrabbit. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Jackrabbit website.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Jackrabbit’s public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others.
Jackrabbit encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Jackrabbit so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Jackrabbit is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Jackrabbit website.
Use of your Personal Information
Jackrabbit collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Jackrabbit may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Jackrabbit and its affiliates.
Jackrabbit may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Jackrabbit does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Jackrabbit may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Jackrabbit, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Jackrabbit may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Jackrabbit, in order to determine what Jackrabbit services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Jackrabbit to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Jackrabbit will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Jackrabbit or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Jackrabbit; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Jackrabbit, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Jackrabbit website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Jackrabbit pages, or register with Jackrabbit site or services, a cookie helps Jackrabbit to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Jackrabbit website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Jackrabbit features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Jackrabbit services or websites you visit.
Legal Basis for Collecting Your Personal Information
Whenever we collect personal information from you, we may do so on the following legal bases:
Your consent to such collection and use;
Out of necessity for the performance of an agreement between us and you, such as your agreement to use our solutions;
Our legitimate business interest, including but not limited to the following circumstances where collecting or using personal information is necessary for:
Intra-organization transfers for client data for administrative purposes;
Product development and enhancement, where the processing enables us to enhance, modify, personalize, or otherwise improve our services and communications for the benefit of our users, and to better understand how people interact with our Website;
Communications and marketing, including processing data for direct marketing purposes, and subject to your opt-in for these purposes, and to determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and advertising;
Fraud detection and prevention;
Enhancement of our cybersecurity, including improving the security of our network and information systems; and
General business operations and diligence.
In each circumstance, however, we will weigh the necessity of our processing for the purpose against your privacy and confidentiality interests, including taking into account your reasonable expectations, the impact of processing, and any safeguards which are or could be put in place. In all circumstances, we will limit such processing for our legitimate business interest to what is necessary for its purposes.
Our Retention of your Personal Information
We may retain your personal information for a period of time consistent with the original purpose for collection. For example, we keep your personal information for no longer than reasonably necessary for your use of our products and services and for a reasonable period of time afterward. We also may retain your personal information during the period of time needed for us to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.
European Users’ Rights With Regard to Personal Information
Some data protection laws, including GDPR, provide you with certain rights in connection with personal information you have shared with us. If you are resident in the European Economic Area, you may have the following rights:
The right to be informed. You are entitled to be informed of the use of your personal information. This Privacy Policy provides such information to you.
The right of access. You have the right to request a copy of your personal information which we hold about you.
The right of correction: You have the right to request correction or changes of your personal information if it is found to be inaccurate or out of date.
The right to be forgotten: You have the right to request us, at any time, to delete your personal information from our servers and to erase your personal information when it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data. Note, however, that deletion of your personal information will likely impact your ability to use our services.
The right to object (opt-out): You have the right to opt-out of certain uses of your personal information, such as direct marketing, at any time.
The right to data portability: You have the right to a “portable” copy of your personal information that you have submitted to us. Generally, this means your right to request that we move, copy or transmit your personal information stored on our servers / IT environment to another service provider’s servers / IT environment.
The right to refuse to be subjected to automated decision making, including profiling: You have the right not to be subject to a decision and insist on human intervention if the decision is based on automated processing and produces a legal effect or a similarly significant effect on you.
The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
Security of your Personal Information
To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Jackrabbit uses the following:
GoDaddy Verified SSL
CertifyPCI
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
Children Under Thirteen
Jackrabbit does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any or all communications from Jackrabbit by contacting us here:
– Web page: https://www.jackrabbitclass.com/contact/
– Email: info@jackrabbittech.com
– Phone: 704-895-4034
If you do not wish to participate in Google AdWords Remarketing, you can opt out by visiting Google’s Ads Preferences Manager at https://adssettings.google.com/ . You can also opt out of any third-party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ . View the Clicky Analytics privacy policy page which provides additional details including the ability to opt of their analytics tracking: https://clicky.com/terms/privacy . View the Google Analytics browser add on to opt out of their analytics tracking: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout .
Changes to this Statement
Jackrabbit will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Jackrabbit encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Jackrabbit is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Jackrabbit welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Jackrabbit has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Jackrabbit at:
Email Address:
Newsletter Signup
Email Address *
Jackrabbit Technologies surpasses 5,000 client milestone
We now have 5,000(+) clients, a major milestone that translates into more than 12,000 schools, in all 50 states and 28 countries.
Secure, uninterrupted service
