Introduction
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us .
At www.getavast.net , the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.getavast.net and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.getavast.net makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
www.getavast.net  does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick Cookie
Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads on www.getavast.net
Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.getavast.net  and other sites on the Internet
Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google Ads Settings at the following URL – http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.getavast.net  send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
www.getavast.net  has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. www.getavast.net’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
About GetAvast.net
Comprehensive fansite about Avast Antivirus 2018 – the World's most popular antivirus.
Useful tips & tricks, latest news, free downloads , license keys , activation codes , support , comparison reviews, and much more. All content is focused on the latest 2018 version.
We are covering all products from Windows (Free Antivirus, Pro Antivirus, Internet Security, and Premier), to Android (Mobile Security) or iOS (SecureLine).
You can leave us a comment/question to any of the pages. We will be more than happy to help you!
We offer various advertising options to boost your business by reaching 200,000+ users each month.
Please note we are not an official AVAST website – that you can find at www.avast.com .
