1-800-805-3621
Effective Date: February 2016
We have created this Privacy Policy to describe how we collect, use, and disclose information you submit to us on this Web site as well as all other Web sites, emails and mobile applications owned and/or operated by SeniorAdvisor.com LLC (individually and collectively, "Site" or "Sites"). The Sites are maintained by SeniorAdvisor.com ("We," "Us," or "Our"). We occasionally may update this statement and encourage you to check the date of our privacy policy whenever you visit the Sites to see if it has been modified since your last visit.
INFORMATION YOU SUBMIT
For services provided on or in connection with our Sites, we may ask you to provide personal information such as name, email address, phone number and zip code, and any other information provided by or for you ("Personal Information").
We may store the Personal Information to or through the Site. We may use the Personal Information to fulfill your requests, provide Site functionality, improve Site quality, personalize your experience, display relevant advertising, provide customer support, message you, back up our systems, allow for disaster recovery, and/or comply with legal obligations. Among the Personal Information you submit to or through the Site, please note:
User Account. You must create an account and provide certain information about yourself in order to use some of the features that are offered through the Site. You must provide a valid email address in order to sign up for an account on the Site. In addition, you must provide us with your full name. Please see the Terms of Use for additional information about your User Account.
By creating an account, you agree to receive certain communications in connection with the Site. For example, you might receive compliments or comments from other users and/or third parties. You may also receive our newsletters and other communications that promote the use of our services. When you receive newsletters, e-mails, or other communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further newsletters, e-mails, or other communications from us. Please see the Opt-Out section below for additional information.
Your Content: Your reviews, photos, account profile, and other content you post to the Site (“Your Content”) are meant for public consumption. We may display Your Content on the Site, and may further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services. Additional information about Your Content you submit and how it is collected, used, and shared can be found in the SeniorAdvisor.com Terms of Use.
Identification by Others. Other users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your user account if you include personal information in your Content. You can reduce the risk of being personally identified by using the Site pseudonymously, though doing so could detract from the credibility of your contributions to the Site.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may collect and store any Personal Information. In addition, we may use Web site analytics tools, or other technologies, like cookies and Web beacons, to collect information about your visit to the Sites, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with the Sites and our services. We also may collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every Web site you visit, such as your IP address, browser type and language, access times and referring Web site addresses. We also periodically may obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from third parties.
Like many Web Sites, we use "cookies", which are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track use of our Sites and online services. We also may use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the Sites and make the Sites easier and/or relevant for your use. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you usually can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted. In Internet Explorer 8, you can delete cookies by selecting "Tools", "Delete browsing history". Then select the control box "Cookies" and click the "Delete" button. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated.
Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply to information gathered online at our Sites, and to information that you may submit to us offline; and to Web sites maintained by other companies, or organizations to which we may link.
This Personal Information will be collected, stored, or accessed in Canada and/or the United States.
USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We use Personal Information to provide services related to senior living and care. In addition, we use Personal Information to send you periodic email and newsletter communications about products and services offered by us or third parties, to operate and improve our Sites and services, to respond to customer inquiries, and to send you survey or other communications.
We use Personal Information also for our own internal business purposes including statistical, design or operational purposes, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns and understand demographic trends among our users.
DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
We may share Personal Information about you with other parties in order to provide you with additional products or services including under the following circumstances:
Third Party Providers. We may disclose Personal Information to one or more third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services to us and/or you. We may not have the ability or right to limit these third parties in their collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information.
Senior Living Communities and Care Providers. We may disclose Personal Information to one or more senior living communities and care providers with whom we have contracted to provide services to us and/or you. We may not have the ability or right to limit these senior living communities and care providers in their collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information.
Affiliates. We may disclose some or all of your Personal Information with our other divisions and other companies under common control with us, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy.
Internal Analysis and Operations. We may disclose Personal Information for our own internal statistical, design or operational purposes, such as to estimate our audience size, measure aggregate traffic patterns, and understand demographic trends among our users. We may outsource these tasks and disclose Personal Information about you to third parties, and the use and disclosure of your Personal Information by these third parties is restricted to performance of such tasks and subject to confidentiality.
Legal and Other Compliance. We may disclose Personal Information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law; to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements; to protect our or our users' rights, property or safety; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of, our Sites; or if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay.
Business Transfers. We may disclose Personal Information as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets or other business transaction.
Aggregated Information. We may share aggregated, anonymous information that includes or is based on information about you with third parties. This is information that is combined with the information of other users and does not directly identify you. We may not have the ability or right to limit these third parties in their collection, use, and disclosure of the aggregated, anonymous information.
USE OF NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION
Non-personal information collected at the Sites may be used and disclosed to improve the performance, functionality and content of the Sites. For example, we may collect and analyze collected aggregate information to determine how many visitors arrived at certain pages of the Sites, how long they stayed on those pages, and where they went afterwards. This information allows us to determine which pages might be the most interesting to our users and enables us to provide you with a richer experience on the Sites. Additionally, we may use non-personal information to improve the performance of the Sites and to customize the content, features and layout of the Sites pages for you.
Occasionally we share aggregate non-personal information with third parties, such as our advertisers and business partners, for marketing and promotional purposes.
We may supplement aggregate non-personal information collected from the Sites with similar information obtained from companies with whom we have marketing or other business relationships and other third party sources.
LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES
Please be advised that we may provide links to third party Web sites from our Sites as a service to our users, but we have no ability to control, and are not responsible for, the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of such sites and the privacy policies of such Web sites may differ from the Sites. Therefore, we encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of such Web sites before providing them with any information. These other Web sites also may send their own cookies to you, collect your data or solicit your Personal Information. Always be aware of where you end up. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted. In Internet Explorer 8, you can delete cookies by selecting "Tools", "Delete browsing history". Then select the control box "Cookies" and click the "Delete" button. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies, including advertising preferences, will be deleted and may need to be recreated.
SECURITY
We use reasonable security measures to store and maintain Personal Information to protect it from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction by any unauthorized party while it is under our control. Please note that while we will make reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information, no transmission of data over the Internet is 100% secure. All Internet users should take care with how they handle and disclose their personal information. Please refer to the United States Federal Trade Commission's website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to help protect yourself against identity theft. Please refer as well to the Office of the Privacy Commission of Canada’s Web site at http://www.priv.gc.ca/resource/topic-sujet/itf-vif/index_e.asp
THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING COMPANIES
Third party advertisers or ad networks may use cookies or other technologies on our Sites for various purposes, including measuring the effectiveness of their ads and analyzing and personalizing ads or other content delivered to you. We have no ability to control the privacy and data collection, use, and disclosure practices of such Web sites and the privacy policies of such Web sites may differ from the Sites. Therefore, we encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of such Web sites before providing them with any information.
CHILDREN
We do not intend, and these Sites are not designed, to collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years old, you should not register for our services or otherwise provide information on our Sites.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS
Companies that collect personally identifiable information from California residents and disclose such information to third parties for marketing purposes must, in response to a request by a consumer, either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided, or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. We have elected the second option and you may request that your personally identifiable information not be shared with third parties by sending your request, including your full name, email address and postal address to: SeniorAdvisor.com. Attn: General Counsel, 7756 Northcross Drive, Suite 101, Austin, TX 78757. In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to [email protected]
DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURES
No action is taken in response to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. Although we use Google Analytics and other third party tracking tools for our Sites, we are not aware if third parties collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities when a consumer uses our Sites.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our Sites, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to our collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information for the purposes given above.
OPT-OUT
We may periodically send you newsletters and other communications that promote the use of our services. When you receive our newsletters, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further newsletters by following the opt-out instructions that we include in the newsletter we send you. However, if you wish to opt-out of communications with Participating Communities, you must contact them directly as we do not control communications from Participating Communities.
CONSENT TO AUTOMATIC TELEPHONE DIALING SYSTEM
You agree to be contacted by Us, one of our third party providers, one of the senior living communities or care providers, or one of our affiliates to explore options at the telephone number you have provided. You agree we, our third party providers, the senior living communities or care providers, or our affiliates may use automatic telephone dialing systems and technology to contact you by call or text message at the telephone number provided, even if you previously registered on a Do Not Call registry.
QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of our Sites, please contact us at [email protected]
GOVERNING LAW
The Sites are published in Canada and the United States. We attempt to comply with local data protection, privacy, and consumer rights laws to the extent they may apply to our services. If you are uncertain whether this Privacy Policy conflicts with the applicable local privacy laws where you are located, you should not submit your Personal Information to the Sites.
CHANGES IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY
As our Sites continue to develop, we may add new services and features to our Sites. In the event that these additions affect our Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy will be updated appropriately. We will post those changes prominently so that you will know what Personal Information we gather, how we might use that Personal Information, and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use our Sites in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy.
ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Upon written request, you may access your Personal Information that is in our possession and request a correction or update of any such information.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AUTHORIZATION
You confirm that you are: (a) a senior seeking living and care services for yourself; or (b) an individual authorized to act on behalf of a senior seeking living and care services and possess legal documents such as a Power of Attorney or Guardianship or hold other proof of being the substitute decision maker of the senior seeking living and care services.
YOUR CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
You confirm that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and that you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.
About SeniorAdvisor.com
At SeniorAdvisor.com, our mission is to equip families like yours with the best information available so you can make confident choices about senior care and services.
Stay in the know
