844-DRUG-PLAN
844-DRUG-PLAN
Statement about MedicareSolutions.com and Privacy
At MedicareSolutions.com, we understand that the process of selecting the right health care coverage for an individual or family member is a personal one.Our goal is protect your privacy while  ensuring that you are offered useful and comprehensive information to help you  make your decision.
At  MedicareSolutions.com, we also understand that relationships are built on trust. So we want to make sure that we clearly disclose to you the kind of information our website may collect and what we do with that information.
The Information We Collect and How We Collect It
Personally Identifiable Information.The MedicareSolutions.com website (the "Site") collects two kinds of information that relates to you.The first, and most  important to you, is information that is personally identifiable to you. This is information like your name, telephone  number, email address, home address and social security number. We do not collect personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") unless you decide to provide us with it.  To be clear, you are never required to provide us with Personal Information but  not all of the services we offer will be available to you without that information.For example, we will ask for your contact information if you have requested us to send you information about certain plans or services.
Personal Information also includes information on your health. However, we do NOT ask for and do NOT collect Medical Records from you.Those records remain between you and your  doctor.
If at any time you would like to review or update the Personal Information we have collected about you, please contact us and we will arrange for you to do so. While  you work with us, you remain in control of all of your personal information at  all times.
Aggregated Information. As is true of most websites, MedicareSolutions.com also collects anonymous technical and statistical information when you visit  our Site. This type of information may include items such as your IP (Internet  protocol) address, Internet service provider, operating system, type of browser  and the pages or sections you visit on the Site ("Non-Personal  Information").This type of Non-Personal Information is collected in various ways, but the primary methods we use are  (i) cookies, which are little pieces of  code that allow us to recognize you when you visit our Site, (ii) web beacons (or gifs) which allow us to see how you use our Site, and to know whether you have visited a web page or received or opened an email message, and (iii) standard Internet tracking tools to collect information like service provider IP addresses, browser versions, referring websites, search terms used, average number of pages requested, average duration of visit, and/or total visitor traffic.Most Non-Personal Information is stored in what are often referred to as  log files.
How We Use the Information We Collect
Because we respect your privacy and value our relationship with you, we only use your  Personal Information to offer you information about and the opportunity to  purchase health care coverage that is right for you or your family. We also use third party partners and  affiliates to help us to provide these services so we may share your  information with these third parties and affiliates for such purposes. These third parties and affiliates are not authorized by us to use your Personal  Information in any other way.
For example, we provide your Personal Information to our parent company, Health  Plan One, LLC, so that they can help you  to find and apply for Medicare and health insurance. We have also contracted  with other third parties to provide the same services so as to ensure that your  questions are answered and so that more than one opinion may be made available  to you.
Since Aggregate Information does not include  Personal Information, we reserve the right to use and share this information  with others. However, we primarily use this information to customize your  experience on our Site, to help us improve the quality of the Site, and to make  your use of the Site easier and more valuable to you.
We do not sell, license, transmit or disclose Personal Information that you  provide to us except with the following exceptions:
Upon your authorization (for example, in connection with your requests for information);
When such disclosure is necessary to support your application to our health insurance  contractors or agents;
To our affiliates and third party partners as described above; and
When required or permitted by law
HIPAA Notice of Privacy Practices
The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) Privacy Rule allows individuals who provide health information to covered entities or their business associates the right to receive a notice  that describes how their health information may be used and/or disclosed and  how to acquire access to this information. Neither MedicareSolutions.com  nor our parent, Health Plan One, will ask for or accept medical records from  you. However, you may provide certain health care information about yourself to us or to Health Plan One in order for us to assist you in applying for insurance coverage. But we only use your health care information for that purpose and for no other purpose whatsoever. Nor do we ever provide your  health care information to third parties, except for the health insurance  providers (or their agents) to whom you are submitting your application.
Internal Security Procedure
MedicareSolutions.com has implemented procedures to protect the integrity and  security of your Personal Data. However, because the Internet is an open global communications system, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system, will be safe  from external attacks or intrusions, such as by hackers. Please also remember that if you leave our website; we cannot be held responsible for the  actions of other companies or websites on the internet.
Use of electronic mail
We  may provide email links on our site to further facilitate communication between our company and you. Information collected through electronic mail may be shared with our customer service department, employees or other third parties that perform services on our behalf. Unless otherwise noted, electronic mail on  our site is not a completely secure and confidential means of communication. Non-encrypted electronic communications may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users without your knowledge and permission while in transit to us. Therefore, we recommend that you contact us by phone whenever you are communicating Personal Information to us.
Linking  to Other Sites
From  time to time we will provide links to other web sites, not owned or controlled by us. We do this because we think this information might be of interest or use  to you or where, as a member, we can provide you with value added services. However, we cannot control the privacy practices of other sites sowe encourage you to  review the privacy practices of any web site you visit.Additionally, the fact that we may offer a link to a third party website does not mean that we endorse that website; nor are we able to guarantee the quality or accuracy of information you may receive  from other websites.
Privacy Statement and Changes
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth below. We reserve the  right to make changes to the Privacy Policy on any occasion. We recommend that you frequently review the Privacy Policy for any changes or additions. Any changes or updates made to the Privacy Policy will be performed here.
This  document describes MedicareSolution.com's current Privacy Policy. It is not a contract, however, and is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of you or any other party.
QUESTIONS  AND CONCERNS
If you have any questions or concerns about this  Policy or its implementation, please email us at bstapleton@healthplanone.com or contact us through snail mail at:
Medicare Solutions
Trumbull, CT 06611
© Copyright 2015 | Powered by HealthPlanOne in partnership with Walgreen Co.
