International Consolidated Airlines Group, S.A., ("ICAG") and its Group companies (the "IAG Group") are committed to respecting your privacy and protecting your personal information. This Recruitment Privacy Policy applies to your use of the careers pages (the "Careers Website") and the application system (the "Applicant Portal") for IAG and the following Group companies (together the "IAG Group Companies", "we", "us", and individually each an "IAG Group Company"):
British Airways Plc
BA CityFlyer Limited
IAG Cargo Limited
In this Recruitment Privacy Policy, we explain the types of personal information we collect, how we collect it, what we use it for and who we may share your personal information with when you use the Careers Website or Applicant Portal to search for or apply for a job with one of the IAG Group Companies. This Recruitment Privacy Policy also applies where the IAG Group Companies are provided with your personal information from a third party, such as a recruitment agency. This is separate to how the IAG Group Companies use your personal information when you make a booking with us, use our travel services or collect Avios. For further information on how we handle your personal information as a customer or prospective customer please see the main privacy policy on the website of the relevant IAG Group Company.
This Recruitment Privacy Policy is divided into several sections; please click on the relevant section in the detailed policy below for further information.
Controller of Personal Information
The "data controller" in respect of any personal information processed in connection with this Recruitment Privacy Policy is the IAG Group Company which will be the employing entity in respect of the position advertised and applied for. If you are unsure which entity this will be, please contact us using the details below.
What types of personal information do we collect and process?
We will only collect personal information in the recruitment process that is necessary to assess you for the post applied for. In particular, personal information about criminal convictions will only be sought in exceptional circumstances if relevant to the post, and only where permitted by, and in accordance with local law.
We may collect and process the following categories of information:
Information you provide in order to register for job alerts via our Applicant Portal, such as your name and email address;
Information you provide in order to register a personal account ("Profile") on our Applicant Portal, such as your name and email address;
Information you add to your Profile to build a picture of your capabilities and suitability for certain positions, such as your home address, telephone contact details, skills and a copy of your CV;
Information you provide in order to apply for a job vacancy with one of the IAG Group Companies, such as your name, professional qualifications and previous employment history;
Information collected by the IAG Group Company as a result of the recruitment process, such as your performance at assessment centres, interview or in other assessments and information provided by your referees;
Information related to your use of our Careers Website, for example your IP address. This information may be collected by using cookies. For more information about how the IAG Companies use cookies please refer to the Cookie Policy on the relevant IAG Group Company website.
We will indicate where the information we have requested is mandatory or optional. We will explain the consequences should you decide not to provide information which we have indicated is mandatory. In some circumstances this may mean we are unable to process your job application.
When and why do we collect ‘sensitive personal information’?
Certain categories of personal information such as that about race, ethnicity, religion, health or criminal convictions are considered "sensitive personal information" under data protection law. Generally, we try to limit the circumstances where we process sensitive personal information and to ensure we do not collect this information unless it is necessary.
There will, however, be circumstances where we collect and process sensitive personal information as part of the recruitment process. For example, we may request (where permitted by applicable law) information of any criminal convictions and may conduct criminal records checks. We may also ask you for details of medical conditions in order to make arrangements for you to attend an interview or assessment centre or because we need to be aware of certain medical conditions in order to assess your suitability for a particular role.
For the purposes of conducting equal opportunities monitoring we may also collect certain categories of sensitive personal data, such as your religion, ethnicity, or any disabilities you may have.
What do we use your personal information for?
The main purposes for which we use your personal information are:
to provide you with information about our current vacancies or job opportunities which you have requested. For example, where you have requested email alerts for any relevant job opportunities and/ or where you have registered a user account and created a Profile which contains contact details and skills;
to support and process any job applications you make to one of the IAG Group Companies. For example, so we can assess your ability to meet the job specification, in order to shortlist applicants and to verify references and professional qualifications provided by those applicants (see ‘Background Checks’ below for more information);
so we can learn about and improve the experience of users of the Careers Website and applicants seeking to work at the IAG Group Companies, including equal opportunities monitoring.
Background Checks
We may verify personal data you provide during the recruitment process and/or collect personal data from sources other than you to assist in the Background Checking process (the collection and verification of references covering a 2 or 5-year period). If this occurs:
You will be told in advance which aspects of your personal data will be verified including an explanation of how the Background Checking process will be carried out;
Information about criminal convictions (if collected) will only be collected through official authorised sources and in accordance with applicable law;
If a third party source advises that they require your consent prior to any Background Checks being carried out, the IAG Group Company will contact you to obtain/provide consent. Background checks will be:
applied to all roles;
What is the legal basis for processing your personal information?
The IAG Group Companies will only process your personal information where we have a legal basis for doing so. In each case the legal basis will be one of the following:
To decide whether to enter into a contract of employment with you: Where you have applied for a job and we need to use your personal information to determine whether we will enter into a contract of employment with you. This will be the legal basis for which we use your personal information in the majority of situations and will cover the use of your personal information from the initial application, through to the assessment centre and to interview.
Where you have provided your consent: Where you have consented to us using your personal information. Most commonly, this will be where you have consented to us sending you email alerts regarding job vacancies at the IAG Group Companies.
When it is in the legitimate business interests of the IAG Group Companies: Where it is necessary, for business purposes and as a recruiter, to understand our applicants in sufficient detail in order for us to deliver an effective recruitment service. For example, where the use of analytics and profiling is necessary in order to provide insights so that we can improve, maintain and manage relationships with applicants and attract talented individuals to work with us.
To comply with our legal obligations: where we are subject to a legal obligation. For example, we may be required by law to conduct certain security checks on our cabin crew, pilots and staff who require airside clearance.
Who do we share your personal information with?
We may share your personal information within the IAG Group Companies or other corporate entities in the IAG Group in order to process your job application and manage the recruitment cycle.
We also use third party service providers in order to conduct and manage recruitment. For example, we may share your personal information with these service providers in order to conduct screening and verification of your application and the information you have provided to the IAG Group Company. This includes verifying academic and professional qualifications.
It is possible to log into our Careers site and create a profile using your log in credentials for other organisations, such as Facebook and LinkedIn.  These other organisations may use information about your visit to our Careers Website on their pages. If you browse these pages while still also logged in to your account with us, information they collect may be connected to your account on their site. For more information on how these organisations use information, please read their privacy policies.
There may also be situations where we have to share your personal information where we receive a valid request from law enforcement or other government authorities.
How long do we keep your personal information for?
We will keep your personal information for no longer than is necessary to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. This means that the period of time we keep your personal information will vary depending on the reason you provided your personal information to us.
Your Rights
You have the right to request access to, rectification or erasure of, the personal information IAG Group Companies hold about you. You may also have the right to object to or restrict certain types of processing of your personal information and request to receive a machine-readable copy of the personal information you have provided to the IAG Group Companies.
Any request to exercise one of these rights will be assessed by the relevant IAG Group Company on a case by case basis. There may be circumstances in which we are not legally required to comply with your request because of relevant legal exemptions provided for in data protection legislation.
Contact Us
Please use the contact details below to contact the relevant IAG Group Company if you would like to find out more about any matters to do with this Privacy Policy.
If you have concerns about the way in which the IAG Companies have handled your personal information you have the right to complain to your Data Protection Authority. However, if you have concerns we encourage you to raise this with the relevant IAG Group Company initially.
ICAG S.A.: IAG Recruitment, Waterside (HAA2), PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, Middlesex UB7 0GG. Email: iag.data.protection@iairgroup.com
British Airways Plc: British Airways Resourcing, Waterside (HABG), PO Box 365, Harmondsworth, Middlesex UB7 0GB. Email: recruitment@jobs.ba.com
BA CityFlyer Limited: BA CityFlyer Recruitment, 1st Floor, Pioneer House, Tower Business Park, Wilmslow Road, Didsbury, Manchester M20 2BA. Email: recruitment@jobs.ba.com
IAG Cargo Limited: IAG Cargo Recruitment, Carrus Cargo Centre (S122), PO BOX 99, Sealand Road, London Heathrow Airport, Hounslow, Middlesex TW6 2JS. Email: dataprotection.cargo@iagcargo.com
