Privacy Policy
Your privacy is important to us and we have prepared this privacy policy to outline how we may collect, use, and share information we obtain through your use of ChewBoom.com.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit chewboom.com ?
We do not collect personal information from visitors of our site, nor is personal information required to access content on this website. However, there may be times when a user’s browser information is collected to provide visitors with a better viewing experience.
How do we protect visitor information?
We use regular Malware Scanning.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for, or require personal or private information like email addresses, or credit card numbers to access content published on chewboom.com.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. Cookies may be used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may use cookies to:
Compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It won’t affect the user’s experience that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to third parties. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when required by law.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third-party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
Google
Google’s advertising requirements can be accessed by viewing Google’s Advertising Principles. Google’s privacy policy can be accessed by going here .
ChewBoom.com uses Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We have implemented the following:
DoubleClick Platform Integration
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
Children’s Privacy.
We are committed to protecting the privacy needs of children. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target the Services to children under the age of 13.
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us here .
Last Edited on 2016-02-21
