Request a price for Make an offer on {{sld}}.{{ext}}
To receive a price by email, complete the form below or call To make an offer, please complete the form below or call
Use Facebook
Use Google
Your Offer*
First name*
If you are a human leave this field blank
Last name*
Email address*
Confirm email address*
Phone number*
Country*
We couldn't verify that you are human, please try again.
This Privacy Policy applies to all users before May 23, 2018.
Beginning on May 23, 2018, our new Privacy Policy will apply to all new users and all users in the EU/EEA member countries. The new Privacy Policy will be effective on June 23, 2018 for users outside the EU/EEA member countries who signed up for services before May 23, 2018. The legacy version of the Privacy Policy will remain posted here until July 23, 2018 for your reference.
Privacy Policy
Updated 1/18/2017
Your privacy is very important to BuyDomains.com. As part of the normal operation of our business services, we collect and, in some cases, disclose information about you. This Privacy Policy outlines the information that we collect about you and what may happen to that information. The privacy policies of this notice apply to www.buydomains.com (hereafter, the Site).
If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at Endurance International Group, Attn: BuyDomains.com Customer Service, 10 Corporate Drive, Burlington MA 01803.
Information We Collect
If you are merely visiting our site, we collect and store only the following information about you:
The IP address of the terminal from which you access the Internet
The IP address of the website from which you linked directly to our site
The date and time you access our site
The browser you used to access the site
The operating system you used to access the site
We use this information to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, and to help us make our site more useful to visitors.
We will not obtain any other personally identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us.
BuyDomains.com also collects and maintains certain information (including e-mail addresses) on our Websites and via price request and other online forms. This is done to help us provide our customers with the best customer service and with valuable information regarding relevant products and services from BuyDomains.com and appropriate third parties.
When you buy a domain name on the site, we collect some additional information including credit card number and its expiration date. We use this credit card information to verify your name, address, and other personally identifying information as well as to process your transactions.
We automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our site. We use this information to analyze user demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand your preferences and improve your experience.
We use Google Analytics, a third-party tracking service, which uses cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about our visitors to our site in the aggregate to capture usage and volume statistics. Some of our business partners (e.g., Google Analytics) use cookies on our site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This privacy policy covers the use of cookies by BuyDomains.com only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third-party.
Cookies are used on certain pages of our site. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie. Cookies are stored on your hard drive, not on our site. If your browser permits, you are always free to decline our cookies, but you may not be able to use certain site features and will have to enter your personally identifying information manually more often. If you choose to buy, bid, sell, or appraise on our site, we collect information about these behaviors.
The information that BuyDomains collects in connection with the Services is hosted on servers located in the United States (U.S.), unless otherwise provided. By using the Services, you freely and expressly give BuyDomains your consent to export your information and data to the U.S.
How We Use Your Information
BuyDomains.com is dedicated to protecting personal information and will make every reasonable effort to handle collected information appropriately. All information collected, as well as related requests, will be handled as carefully and efficiently as possible in accordance with BuyDomains.com standards for integrity and objectivity. Email originating at BuyDomains.com contains clear and efficient instructions for opting out of future emails of its kind.
We use the information we collect from you to transmit administrative notices, buying/selling information and support, to send you specific information that you have requested, and to complete the paperwork necessary to transfer a domain name registration. We may also use it to send you information that is targeted to your interests, such as upcoming auctions and promotions.
If you need assistance in updating the information you have provided to BuyDomains.com or you have questions or comments about these policies, contact BuyDomains.com manager of customer information with our support form .
Additionally, you may elect to receive our newsletter as part of the services that we offer. If you wish to no longer receive our newsletters and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by either deactivating your account, by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication, or by emailing us at privacy@buydomains.com . We offer an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications through an opt-out link provided through our marketing emails, or you may contact us at 781-839-2885, privacy@buydomains.com , or BuyDomains.com, Attn: Customer Service, 10 Corporate Drive, Burlington MA 01803 to opt-out.
Information Sharing
We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties.
We may also disclose your personal information
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
if BuyDomains.com is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information,
to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.
Reviewing and Changing Your Information
To review, remove and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, contact us privacy@buydomains.com .
With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you want your testimonial removed please contact us at privacy@buydomains.com .
Information Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at privacy@buydomains.com .
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. Please contact us if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Blogs, Forums, & Links to Other Sites
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. You can request the removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, by contacting us at privacy@buydomains.com .  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of BuyDomains.com. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
You can also link to/from our site using sign-in services such as Facebook, LinkedIn, & Twitter. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to link between the sites. Services like these give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook button and Widgets, or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
At times we may enter into co-branded relationships. When we enter into these types of relationships we will share your name and email address in order for our co-branded partner to complete your domain name purchase, registration and/or transfer, as applicable.
Accordingly, some pages may have the look and feel of being on www.buydomains.com , however the information collected on these pages may not be covered under this privacy policy. When you buy domain names through our site, for example, all information collected for a domain name's registration at www.buydomainscentral.com is owned and controlled by our partner company, BuyDomainsCentral.com and is subject to that site's privacy policy.
Notification of Privacy Policy Changes
We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
Contacting the Site
If you have any questions about this policy or privacy practices on the site, please contact us at the information listed below:
Endurance International Group
Thank you for contacting BuyDomains.com!
Thank you , for submitting an offer for .. Our domain experts will be in touch shortly.
To speak with a domain expert right away, just give us a call
Thank you , for submitting an offer for .. Our domain experts will be in touch shortly.
To speak with a domain expert right away, just give us a call
Thank you for your request for more information. Our domain experts will be in touch shortly.
To speak with a domain expert right away, just give us a call
