Save Money on Groceries with Free Printable Coupons & Store Deal Lists At Coupon Mom!
Click to like us
Advertised sale prices change on Sunday, and the CouponMom.com CVS Deals list is generally available by Thursday prior to the Sunday price change.  Look for the "Preview Upcoming Deals" link on the current week's list, which will become a live link when new prices are available.
"Extra Bucks Rewards" are cash-back rebates that print in the form of a coupon at the bottom of your receipt when you buy qualifying items.  You can use them just like cash on your next CVS order.
In addition to immediate savings, all nonprescription purchases earn a 2% rebate in your ExtraCare account that print out in the form of a cash-back coupon on your receipt quarterly. Earn $1 in your ExtraCare account for every 2 prescriptions filled using your ExtraCare card.
You can register your ExtraCare card online at CVS.com to get special store coupons emailed to you, such as $4 off a $20 order. You can use these store coupons along with other CVS store coupons and manufacturers' coupons.
Stop by your store's Coupon Kiosk and scan your CVS card to get store coupons.
This is the official CVS Coupon Policy provided by CVS Corporate Headquarters:
CVS/pharmacy strives to make it easy for our customers to use coupons to cut costs on health, beauty and household expenses.
Your local CVS/pharmacy store will accept one store coupon and one manufacturer coupon per item purchased, as long as relevant conditions are met (e.g. expiration dates, limits, terms, etc.)
When an item is on sale for "Buy one, get one free" and the customer has a "Buy one, get one free" coupon for that same product, the coupon will be accepted and both items will essentially become free (plus any applicable sales tax). Two manufacturer coupons can be used on a "Buy one, get one free" purchase as long as two items are scanned at the register.
In addition, customers may use ExtraBucks rewards earned through the ExtraCare program to stack their savings along with coupons and sales.
CVS/pharmacy will accept coupons printed from the Internet. They must have a legible barcode that scans at the register. CVS/pharmacy will not accept offers printed from unauthorized internet postings or reproductions, copies, or facsimiles.
CVS/pharmacy does not accept competitors' coupons on front store items.
As a courtesy, competitor's coupons on new or transferred prescription drugs are generally accepted at CVS/pharmacy; however, for individual questions about specific coupons, customers are encouraged to speak with the store manager or call 1-800-SHOP-CVS.
Regarding the coupons ExtraCare cardholders receive via email:
CVS/pharmacy understands that consumers are looking for great deals online and we encourage our customers to share stories and tips for savvy shopping with one another. However, many of the coupons and special offers ExtraCare members receive are not general promotions that can be shared, forwarded or linked to other offers.
When special ExtraCare offers and email alerts are issued to a select group of cardholders, these offers are only valid with the ExtraCare cards that belong to offer recipients. These offers will state this in the disclaimer language.
