Search for:
Privacy Policy
This Blog (the “Blog”) is operated by Oxford University Press USA, with offices located at 198 Madison Ave., New York, NY, 10010 (“OUP”). OUP is part of the Oxford University Presswhich together with any company and legal entity owned or controlled by OUP from time to time is referred to as  “The OUP Family”,  “we,” “us,” and “our.” This Privacy Policy governs your use of the OUP Blog located at https://blog.oup.com and its subdomains (“the Website”).
OUP is committed to protecting your privacy online. This Privacy Policy explains how we will do this. We will review this Privacy Policy as we update and expand our services and in the light of comments we receive so please check the latest version. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at blog(dot)us(at)oup(dot)com.
By using the Website, you are accepting the practices described in this statement.
What Information is collected on this Blog?
User-Provided Information
Personal Information (such as your name, email address, home and/or business address and telephone number) may be collected from users of our Blog, for example, through such users’ activities, transactions and completion of online forms on our Blog. Such information may be collected, for example, if and when users subscribe to features that may be available on our, submit comments to our Blog posts, submit a comment or question to us using a “contact us” or similar feature on our Blog, send us an e-mail, or in any other way submit Personal Information to us via our Blog.
Web site Usage Information
Cookies
We may use “cookies” to keep, and sometimes track, information about you. Cookies are small data files that may be stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies may track where you travel on our Blog and on which posts you comment. A cookie may also enable us to relate your use of our Blog to other information about you, including your Personal Information, if applicable. Most Web browsers can be set to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. However, refusing a cookie, may, in come cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, the Blog or certain areas or features of the Blog. Please see our Cookie Policy for further information .
IP Address and Clickstream Data
Our server may automatically collect data about your server’s Internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address, or IP Address, is a number that’s automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you’re on the Internet. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another Web site, blog or search engine); the pages, posts and links you may visit on this Blog; the website you may visit after this Blog; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; and other web usage activity and data that may be logged by our web servers. We may use this information for internal purposes, such as to administer our Blog. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin and Internet service provider. We may also link this information with your Personal Information, if applicable.
Any or all of these activities with regard to Web Site Usage Information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers.
How is the Personal Information used?
We may use the Personal Information you may provide to or through our Blog, for example, to respond to your requests and to provide you with certain information. We may also use your Personal Information to maintain our internal record keeping. We may also match information collected from you through different means or at different times, including both Personal Information and Web Site Usage Information (as described above), and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties.
We may analyze user behavior as a measure of interest in and use of our Blog, both on an individual basis and in the aggregate.
We may also provide you with information in relation to products or services which we feel may interest you.
Do we share Personal Information and Web site Usage information with others?
We do not sell your Personal Information to third parties.
We share your information within the OUP Family. We may also disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; in order to enforce or apply any agreements or licenses with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of OUP, our employees, affiliates, agents, distributors, licensors, suppliers, and/or our customers.
If we believe that your use of our Website is unlawful or damaging to others, we reserve the right to disclose the information we have obtained through our Website about you to third parties to the extent that it is reasonably necessary in our opinion to prevent, remedy or take action in relation to such conduct.
A number of third party websites have links on our Blog. If you visit any of those websites, they may collect information. Such websites are not within our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These websites may have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to such third party websites.
We may also disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; in order to enforce or apply any agreements or licences with you; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of OUP, our employees, affiliates, licensors, suppliers, and/or our customers. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
If any part of our business (including those of our affiliates) is sold or integrated with another business, your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers.
Public Forums
When you contribute to our Blog, the information that you submit is not confidential, and can be viewed by the general public, including persons in countries which may not have data protection laws as comprehensive as those that exist in your country. For this reason, we recommend that you do not submit any sensitive information, including your full name, home address, phone number, other information that would enable other users to locate you, or financial information, on these areas of our Blog.
Service Providers
We may use third party partners and service providers to help operate our Blog and deliver our information and services, and we may share your information with such third parties so that they may provide information or services for or through this Blog, or for our business.
Security
OUP will take reasonable steps to protect the security and integrity of sensitive Personal Information provided on this Blog, to the extent that OUP has solicited such information. Because the Internet is an open global communications vehicle, we cannot guarantee that information, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our system or otherwise in our care, will be safe from intrusion by others, such as hackers. We are not responsible for disclosure of your information due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties during or after transmission.
In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your Personal Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is appropriate, we would try to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, if we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please e-mail us at blog.us@oup.com with the alternative contact information you wish to be used.
Consent to Processing
By providing Personal Information to this Blog, you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and to the United States and other countries and territories in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this Blog. Under certain circumstances, we may also elect to notify you of changes or updates to our Privacy Policy by additional means, such as posting a notice on the front page of our Blog or sending you an e-mail.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or queries regarding this Privacy Policy or if any of the information that you have provided to OUP changes e.g. if you change your e-mail address, please contact us by sending an email to blog(dot)us(at)oup(dot)com.
Effective Date: 17 February 2016.
Subscribe to the OUPblog via email:
Our Privacy Policy sets out how Oxford University Press handles your personal information, and your rights to object to your personal information being used for marketing to you or being processed as part of our business activities.
We will only use your personal information to register you for OUPblog articles.
August 29th 2018
Lilburne’s Legacy in the UK and the US | Michael Braddick
Copyright © Oxford University Press 2018
