Rainier Arms specializes in high-end AR15 parts, AR15 accessories, AR15 grips, AR15 stocks, AR15 uppers, AR15 lowers, AR15 barrels and much more...
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Rainier Arms uses and protects any information that you give Rainier Arms when you use this website. Rainier Arms is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
What we collect
name
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
How we disclose data and our policy of transfer data
We do not disclose data from our customers to external parties.
We use subcontractors that process personal data on behalf of and for us. We have outsourced the IT to an external service provider, they manage our servers where the data is stored. The server is protected and managed by the external service provider
Data is collected from various countries around the world including the EU and if data is transferred to our service providers it is purely to enable the existing business of Rainier Arms not to market products not owned by Rainier Arms or it ownership. We have taken care of suitable safeguards for the transfer. We use standard contractual clauses framework where applicable.
How we protect the data and how long we store it
Only those of our employees and contractors, who on behalf of their work are entitled to process customer data, are entitled to use a system containing personal data. Each user has a personal username and password to the system. The information is collected into databases that are protected by firewalls, passwords and other technical measures. The databases and the backup copies of them are in locked premises and can be accessed only by certain pre-designated persons.
We store the personal data for as long as is necessary considering the purpose of the processing. Maximum of 2 years from the date when the data has last showed activity.
We regularly assess the need for data retention in light of the applicable legislation. In addition, we take reasonable measures to ensure that the personal data in the register is not incompatible, obsolete or inaccurate considering the purpose of the processing. We rectify or delete such information without delay.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Your data rights as a Rainier Arms customer
As a Rainier Arms customer have a right to inspect the personal data concerning yourself, which is stored in your account, and a right to require updates and/or deletion of your data, provided that the request has a legal basis. You also have a right to withdraw or change your consent to receive marketing information and other correspondence.
As a Rainier Arms customer, you have a right, according to EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (applied from May 25, 2018) to object processing or request restricting the processing and lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for processing personal data.
For specific personal reasons, you also have the right to object to profiling and other processing operations, when the processing of your data is based on our customer relationship with you. In connection with your request, you will need to identify the specific situation, based on which you object to the processing. We can refuse the request of objection only on legal grounds.
As a Rainier Arms customer you have the right to object to processing at any time free of charge, including profiling in so far as it relates to direct marketing.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at [email protected]
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to .
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Changes in our Privacy Policy
Should we make amendments to this privacy policy we will place the amended statement on our website, with an indication of the amendment date. If the amendments are significant, we may also inform you about this by other means, for example by sending an email or placing an alert on our homepage. We recommend that you regularly visit our site and notice possible amendments to this privacy policy. review these privacy protection principles from time to time to ensure you are aware of any amendments made.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
GUEST-VIEW
LAST_CATEGORY
LAST_PRODUCT
NEWMESSAGE
NO_CACHE
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
RECENTLYCOMPARED
STF
STORE
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
WISHLIST
WISHLIST_CNT
Rainier Arms newsletter and product specials
Yes, I would like to receive special product/service offers.
You might be interested in...
