General Information
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer (such as survey information and/or site registrations). The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web pages and the quality of our service, and is not shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances:
It is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Terms of Service , or as otherwise required by law.
We transfer information about you if Font Awesome is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, Font Awesome will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
In other words …
We gather just enough information to help with your account, and use general customer information to make Font Awesome and its services better. We may have to share your information in legal and drastic cases. If we make any large changes, we'll let you know.
Information Gathering and Usage
When you register for Font Awesome CDN we ask for information such as your name and email address. Members who use the CDN without registering are not required to enter any personal details aside from their email address.
Font Awesome uses collected information for the following general purposes: products and services provision, identification and authentication, services improvement, contact, and research.
Cookies
A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, that is sent to your browser from a web site's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are required to use the Font Awesome service. We use cookies to record current session information, but do not use permanent cookies. You are required to re-login to your Font Awesome account after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents.
Data Storage
Font Awesome uses third-party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to run Font Awesome. Although Font Awesome owns the code, databases, and all rights to the Font Awesome application, you retain all rights to your data.
Disclosure
Font Awesome may disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with subpoenas or when your actions violate the Terms of Service.
For European Union and Swiss residents, any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of your information should be directed to Font Awesome by sending an email to cdn@fontawesome.com . We will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. For complaints that cannot be resolved, and consistent with the Safe Harbor Enforcement Principle, we have committed to cooperate with data protection authorities located within Switzerland or the European Union (or their authorized representatives).
Think of it this way …
We may need to share information about you when required to by law, but will do our best to uphold this privacy policy.
Changes
Font Awesome may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Font Awesome primary account holder account or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Questions
Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to cdn@fontawesome.com .
