The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to tell you:
What kind of personal information we may collect about you;
How we may use that information;
Who we disclose your personal information to anyone;
How you may inquire, access and/or seek correction of your personal information and our access and correction handling procedure; and
How you may alert us about an alleged breach of the APPs and our complaint handling procedure.
Our Mission
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ does not share any information that identifies you or your child to third parties for marketing purposes other than as clearly explained in this Privacy Policy. Build-A-Bear Workshop™ has security measures in place that are designed to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information we collect.
Contacting us
Please contact our Privacy Officer on the contact details below if you would like to:
Inquire about or request access and/or update your personal information; or
Report an alleged breach of your privacy rights or make a complaint; or
Talk to our Privacy Officer about our Privacy Policy.
You may contact our Privacy Officer by email, post or by telephone.
Privacy Officer, Build-A-Bear Workshop Pty Limited, Unit 6, 3 Central Ave Thornleigh, NSW 2120
How information is collected?
Shopping at our stores
Find-A-Bear™ ID tracking system
How is information shared with third parties?
Is information required for participation?
What are my choices as a parent or guardian?
How do I contact Build-A-Bear Workshop™ regarding these choices?
How can I opt-out, opt-in, or update my information for future communications?
Send an email with your postal mailing list opt-out or change request.
Mail in your request
Telephone us with your request
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact:
Guidelines for little cubs (children)
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ strives to provide a positive online experience for children. Build-A-Bear Workshop™ encourages families to enjoy our store together. We encourage parents and guardians to review this privacy policy. In it you will learn what information is collected, how it is collected, how we use the information, how we protect our data and your choices as a parent or guardian. Please contact us if you have any questions. Build-A-Bear Workshop™ will respond to all inquiries within one business day (Monday–Friday).
How information is collected?
Personal information
Build-a-Bear Workshop™ collects information that you provide to us when you visit our stores, such as when you register your animal or doll in the Find-A-Bear™ ID tracking system, pay for a purchase, or book a Build-A-Party.® We also collect information through the use of forms on our Build-A-Bear Workshop™ website, such as the email sign up, contests, job applications, order forms, or party reservations. The type of personal information collected will be directly related to the specified purpose that it has been collected for. The amount of personal information that you choose to disclose to us is up to you, but failure to provide certain information may result in us being unable to provide you with the relevant product or service. We will make you aware of the purpose for which we collect the personal information and, where possible, the consequences of not providing it at the time of collection. You acknowledge that the personal information we collect from you is your own information or information which you have been authorised to provide to us.
Sensitive information
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ does not generally collect sensitive information as defined in the Privacy Act, such as racial or ethnicity information, political opinions or associations, criminal records or health information. However, subject to obtaining your prior consent, Build-A-Bear Workshop™ may collect sensitive information from you in the course of considering an application for employment.
Unsolicited information
Where unsolicited information is received by Build-A-Bear Workshop™ (such as through our Facebook page or other social media platforms) we will determine, within a reasonable period of time, whether or not we would be permitted to collect the information under the APPs. If it would not be permissible for Build-A-Bear Workshop™ to collect the information, we will destroy the information or ensure it is de-identified as soon as practicable. Otherwise, Build-A-Bear Workshop™ may retain the information in accordance with the terms of this policy.
Information we collect automatically
When you visit the Build-A-Bear Workshop™ website we may collect certain information by automated means such as through the use of cookies and other automated devices. A cookie is a small text file that writes to your hard drive. The cookie file contains your computer's IP address and a user ID. The user ID links any orders you have placed on our site to your personal information. A user ID has no personally identifiable information attached to it unless you place an order on our site. A cookie is only a text file and can not read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Our website uses cookies to enhance guest experience and help us improve our services. For example, we may use cookies to keep track of your basket or shopping cart while you are shopping on our site, to track your activity, such as pages visited and length of visit, and to track any errors that might occur on our website.
What information is collected and how is it used?
You may provide Build-A-Bear Workshop™ with personally identifying information when you visit our stores or use our website. We may collect and use that information in a number of ways as explained below.
Shopping at our stores
The information collected for the purpose of completing a purchase, including fulfilling a web order, is payment information, billing, and shipping information, such as name, postal address, telephone, and email address. We also collect date of birth and gender of the recipient. Purchasing from our Online Store is limited to those over age 13. Build-A-Bear Workshop™ would not knowingly accept an online order from a child under the age of 13. We strongly recommend that parents monitor closely their child's activity when in the shopping area of our website and that parents, not children, do any online shopping at www.buildabear.com.au
Creating a birth certification or storybook
You supply your name, postal address, gender, and birth date when you visit a Name Me Station at one of our stores or when you make a purchase at our Online Store. The computer then creates either a personalized birth certificate or story book for your new animal friend or a fashion magazine for your doll.
Find-A-Bear™ ID tracking system
If your animal or doll is lost, found, and returned to Build-A-Bear Workshop,™ your name and postal address is used to return a lost animal to you. We match the barcode inside your animal to the information you provided.
Reserving a Build-A-Party®
When you reserve or book a party, the information collected - full name of host and Guest of Honor, Guest of Honor’s age, gender, postal address, phone number ,and email address - is used to complete that party’s reservation. This information allows Build-A-Bear Workshop™ to confirm the reservation and to contact you if the party would require a change of date. Your credit card type, number and expiration date are required for the party deposit.
Thank you notes, special promotional mailers, birthday cards, and Certificates of Authenticity When you make a purchase or book a party, we may use your name, postal address, or email address to communicate with you about your purchase and other very exciting things happening at Build-A-Bear Workshop.™ We may use this information to send you Certificates of Authenticity (for some Beary Limited Edition Collectibear® friends), flyers, special offers/coupons, birthday cards, and thank you notes.
When you provide your name, address, and email address in any of the ways described above, we may use that information to contact you regarding very special offers, promotions, and events at Build-A-Bear Workshop.™ We may also use aggregated age, gender, and geographic information to understand more about our Guests. You can always opt out of receiving such communications, as described below.
In addition, you may provide information to us for very special purposes, such as our email list, to tell us how much you enjoyed your Build-A-Bear Workshop™ experience, or to apply for a job. When you supply information for these special purposes, described below, we use that information only for the purpose for which it is provided.
The Build-A-Party® function on the Build-A-Bear Workshop™ website is operated by WeBunch Pty Ltd. When you provide personal information via Build-A-Party®, it will be shared with WeBunch Pty Ltd. For more information regarding how WeBunch Pty Ltd may use your personal information, please click here policy .
Our email list
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ maintains an email list to which we send email messages and promotions approximately twice a month. Those on our email list also receive our email newsletter, which contains information on new products, games, contests, and in-store events. To join the email list we ask for first name, email address, and (where applicable) parent's email address. We do not use information provided for the email list for any purpose other than to send the email messages, and to contact winners of our Email List Free Bear Giveaway.
Online contest and sweepstakes
If Build-A-Bear Workshop™ offers an online contest or sweepstakes, for the purpose of contacting the winner, we collect first name and email address. If there are prizes in several categories, we may also collect age or birth date.
Testimonials and guest submissions
If a Guest sends us a testimonial about our products, their experiences in one of our stores, or other submission of artwork or stories for use on our site or in printed materials, we ask only for first name, city and state. From time to time we may send a reward for submissions such as a Bear Buck$® gift card. In that case, we ask for either email address or postal address for delivery of the gift card.
Wish list
The information collected for the purpose of creating a Wish List of products from our Build-A-Bear Workshop™ website includes first name, last name, email address, a user assigned password, and parent's email address. Wish Lists on our site are non-searchable and can only be accessed if the owner of the Wish List chooses to send someone an email invitation to view the list.
Applying for a job
If you find a job position that interests you, you are encouraged to complete a mini-application online. We ask that you provide as much information about yourself as possible, including your full name, address, home phone, email address and age (if under 18). This information is forwarded to our Human Resources team or to a Store Manager, depending on the position. Applications for individuals not hired are kept on file for one year. Online Applications from children under the age of 18 will NOT be accepted.
Sending an e-card
You supply your name and email address and the recipient’s name and email address when you send an e-card. Your email address is used to send you a copy of the e-card you sent or to notify you of receipt of the sent card. When you request confirmation of the cards you sent, you will see the list of email recipients.
How is the information protected?
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ has security measures, such as firewall, limited access, and SSL encryption technology, in place to protect against loss, misuse, and alteration of Guest information collected by Build-A-Bear Workshop™ All information collected via www.buildabear.com.au is stored on secured servers located in Australia and in our Build-A-Bear Workshop™ World Bearquarters in St. Louis, Missouri.
Transfer of information outside Australia
All information collected from the Build-A-Bear Workshop™ website, www.buildabear.com.au , is transferred to our World Bearquarters in St. Louis, Missuouri (USA). Personal information collected in order to create birth certificates for Build-A-Bear products is provided to Nano Nation (USA) where that information is stored on Nano Nation’s servers. Personal information provided via the Build-A-Party® page on our website is stored and managed by WeBunch Pty Ltd and may be transferred to the United States, Japan, and other countries that do not have equivalent privacy protections to Australia – please refer to the WeBunch Pty Ltd privacy policy Privacy-Policy for more information.
How is information shared with third parties?
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ does not share the personally identifiable information it collects with any third party for marketing purposes. We may share anonymous, aggregate information concerning the demographic makeup of our customers with marketing partners. Further, we may share information with service providers—that is, organizations that provide services to support Build-A-Bear Workshop™ functions, such as our mail processing company, payment processing companies, and market research firms. All such service providers are bound by contract to refrain from using Guest information for any purpose other than providing the service to Build-A-Bear Workshop™ We also may share information at the request of law enforcement authorities, when ordered to do so by a court, or when required to assert or protect our legal or intellectual property rights.
Is information required for participation?
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ does not limit a child's participation in any activity by requiring more identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity.
What are my choices as a parent or guardian?
Parents and legal guardians can make choices regarding how we collect and use your child’s information:
Parental notice and opt-out:
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ will NOT collect online contact information without parental notification, which will include an opportunity for the parent to prevent use of the information and participation in the activity. Parents have the right to grant, deny or revoke consent at any time.
Review information:
Parents and legal guardians may contact Build-A-Bear Workshop™ to review their child’s personal information. In order for us to respond to this request, verification of identity may be required, to ensure we are communicating with the child’s parent or legal guardian.
Remove information:
Parents and legal guardians may have their child’s information removed from our database.
Request no further collection:
Parents and legal guardians may request that no further collection or use of the child's personal information be allowed.
How do I contact Build-A-Bear Workshop™ regarding these choices?
You may contact our Privacy Officer by email, mail, or telephone with any of the above requests. You must provide some verifiable identifying information to Build-A-Bear Workshop™ before your request will be honored. If you contact us by mail, fax, e-mail, or telephone, you will be asked to provide a signed letter including your full name, full postal address, and telephone number where you can be reached during business hours to verify correct identity.
Data quality, access and correction
Access
If you are a subscriber to one of our online services or products or loyalty programs, you may access your personal information at any time by accessing your subscriber/account details via the relevant facility on the Build-A-Bear Workshop™ website at any time.
Otherwise, you may at any time request access to personal information that Build-A-Bear Workshop™ holds about you by making a request to our Privacy Officer at the address or email address below.
We will endeavour to process any requests for access to personal information within a reasonable period of time. Where possible, we will provide you with access to that information either by providing you with copies of the information requested, allowing you to inspect the information requested, or providing you with a summary of the information held. If we need to deny your request for access we will let you know why and inform you how you may lodge a complaint regarding this decision. Generally this will only be in cases where providing access would be unlawful or is subject to a potential legal claim or proceeding.
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ may charge a nominal fee for supplying personal information.
Correction
We will try to ensure that all information we collect, use or disclose about you is accurate, complete, up-to-date and relevant to the service being provided.
If you are a subscriber to one of our online services or products, you may change your personal information at any time by accessing your subscriber/account details via the relevant facility on the Build-A-Bear Workshop™ website.
Otherwise, if you discover or suspect that there is an error or information is missing, please forward your request for correction to our Privacy Officer in writing at the address or email address below. Our Privacy Officer will consider your request and as soon as practicable manage the correction of your personal information and will update you in writing. If your correction request is refused, our Privacy Officer will provide you within a reasonable period of time the reasons for such refusal and inform you of the complaint process (see below).
Complaints about privacy and our complaint handling procedure
If you have any complaints relating to the management of your personal information or if you believe there has been a breach of the APPs by Build-A-Bear Workshop™, please forward your complaint in writing to our Privacy Officer at the address or email address below.
Our Privacy Officer will consider the complaint and advise you of their decision in writing within a reasonable time from receipt of the complaint.
If our Privacy Officer decides that there has been a breach of the APPs, s/he will endeavour to ensure that the breach is rectified within 30 days from the date of the decision and will update you in writing. If the breach has not been rectified within 30 days, then our Privacy Officer will inform Build-A-Bear Workshop™’s Managing Director in order to resolve the matter.
If you are still not satisfied after lodging a complaint with us and given us a reasonable time to respond, then we suggest that you contact the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner by:
Phone: 1300 363 992 (local call cost, but calls from mobile and pay phones may incur higher charges). If calling from overseas (including Norfolk Island): +61 2 9284 9749 TTY: 1800 620 241 (this number is dedicated to the hearing impaired only, no voice calls.) TIS: Translating and Interpreting Service: 131 450 (If you don’t speak English or English is your second language and you need assistance and ask for the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner)
Post: GPO Box 2999 Canberra ACT 2601
Fax: +61 2 9284 9666
How can I opt-out, opt-in, or update my information for future communications?
Our stores provide users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the Guest. If a Guest would like to opt out, he or she can request to be removed from our database at anytime. Build-A-Bear Workshop™ gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
Send an email with your postal mailing list opt-out or change request.
To add, change, or delete your postal address from our mailing list, email us at gm@buildabear.com.au
Mail your request
Thornleigh, NSW 2120
You may call Guest Services on +61 2 9847 4986.
Please ask to speak to our Privacy Officer.
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact:
Privacy Associate
Thornleigh, NSW 2120
Miscellaneous
"Personal information" has the same meaning as in the Privacy Act.
"Website(s)" refers to all websites which are owned, operated or under the control of Build-A-Bear Workshop™ including www.buildabear.com.au
Build-A-Bear Workshop™ reserves the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. The effective date will be displayed at the beginning of the policy. To keep visitors informed, Build-A-Bear Workshop™ will notify users of changes to our Privacy Policy by prominently identifying the alteration for a period of not less than two weeks on our Website.
Further Information on Privacy
For more information about your privacy rights in Australia, visit the Office of the Australian Commissioner’s website, www.oaic.gov.au
