Last updated March 1, 2018.
This Privacy Policy describes how Eco Stiftung and its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (“Eco,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use, and share information about you. It applies to any information we collect from you when you use our websites, including www.eco.com (collectively, the “Site”), or any other service provided by Eco (the “Services”).
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we’ll notify you by changing the date at the top of this page. In some cases, we may give you additional notice — for example, by adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email.
The information we collect is governed by U.S. law. By accessing or using the Site or Eco’s Services, or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to the U.S. and other countries.
Information We Collect
We collect and process information so that you can use Eco’s Services. This may include:
Information that you provide to us, including your name, email address, phone number, username, password details, and location;
Information you post to the Site;
Details of any requests or transactions you make through the Services;
Information about your activity on and interaction with Eco (such as your IP address, the type of browser or device you use, and your actions on the Site);
Communications you send to us.
We also may use cookies, web beacons (known as “tracking pixels”), and other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you interact with our Site or emails. We use this information to improve the quality of our Services, to keep our Site secure, and to make your experience on the Site more meaningful (for example, by remembering your preferences or providing you with a localized experience).
How We Use This Information
We may use the information we collect for the following purposes:
To respond to your comments, questions, and requests;
To keep your account and the Site secure;
To provide you with our Services, and to improve, promote, and protect our Services;
To combine with information we get from others to help us understand your needs and provide you with better service;
To track use of the Services so we can improve them; and
To set up and administer your account, contact you, and customize your experience on the Site.
How We Share This Information
We may share the information you provide to us with others, including in the following ways:
With certain trusted third-party service providers (such as consultants or vendors) to help us provide, improve, promote, or protect Eco and its Site and Services;
When we believe doing so is reasonably necessary to comply with the law or law enforcement;
To prevent fraud or abuse, or to protect our legal rights;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, amy merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; and
With your consent or at your direction.
We may also share information that’s aggregated and anonymized in a way that doesn’t directly identify you.
Access to Your Information
You can update, modify, or delete personal information you’ve provided to us by emailing Eco at support@eco.com. We may retain certain information as required by law or for necessary business purposes.
On request, we will give you a copy of all the personal information about you that we hold. This information is subject to a fee not exceeding the prescribed fee permitted by law.
Eco
