Tom Gentile
Privacy Policy
Power Profit Trades takes individual privacy very seriously. We are also aware of the threats to your security and privacy on the Internet. Please take a few moments to review the steps that Money Calendar Pro takes to ensure your privacy and security while giving you the best possible customer service as you use our web sites.
Policy against advertising our website using unsolicited email messages
We require that all e-mails promoting Money Calendar Pro or its products are sent only to clients who have agreed to receive such messages. We prohibit any advertising of our brand and Web site using unsolicited email messages. Not complying with this policy will cause partnership termination and/or affiliate account termination.
If you feel you’ve been sent unsolicited emails promoting our brand or website and would like to register a complaint, please email our abuse department ( PowerProfitTrades@MoneyMapPress.com ). We will immediately investigate all allegations made related to unsolicited messages.
Cookies
Cookies are small files placed on your hard drive by an Internet server when you visit a web site. Some cookies can be used to identify your computer each time you visit a site. Although most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, if you prefer, a user may decline the placement of a cookie on his or her hard drive by using the appropriate feature(s) of one’s Web browser software (if available) to delete the cookie. Users should understand, however, that certain areas within Money Map Press website properties may not function properly if the Web browser will not accept cookies.
The Power Profit Trades web site or other Money Map Press web sites uses cookies to allow authentication for access to the Subscriber Only areas of our sites. In other words, you can leave the site and come back without having to re-enter your email or user name and password every time.
Power Profit Trades or other Money Map Press web sites may use cookies to recognize user access privileges, track site usage and traffic patterns, add advertisements for goods or services of interest and estimate the readership size.
Submitting Data
Visitors to the Money Calendar Pro web site or other Money Map Press sites are asked to submit a log-on name and password to visit Subscriber Only sections of the sites. This is to ensure you can receive the services you are paying for. Users may also be asked to provide an email to access certain member-only areas of our websites. Any e-mail you send to Money Calendar Pro is completely confidential.
Ordering Online
Any data you submit to us through an online order form is transferred to us via a Secure Sockets Layer – an encryption protocol – and is kept in databases that cannot be accessed from outside our firewall.
In other words, any data you send us is encrypted, so in the unlikely event a hacker intercepts your data, it cannot be easily read. Our firewall is a mechanism that prevents access to our servers by anyone outside of the company.
Power Profit Trades does not sell or rent your name to anyone. That means that only authorized employees of Power Profit Trades ever have access to any information you submit. We may use your name and address to send you information on other Money Calendar Pro products that may suit your interests. And, although we disagree with it, we must turn over any pertinent information to any law enforcement agency that takes the proper steps to require it.
If at any time you wish to be removed from our mailing list, please click here to contact our customer service department.
E-mail
If you subscribe to Power Profit Trades E-Letter, your name and e-mail address will be placed in a database. As with all other personal information, only employees of Money Calendar Pro have access to this data. We do not give Money Calendar Pro email addresses to third parties, affiliates, partners, parent companies, or subsidiaries for marketing purposes.
Any e-mail you send to Power Profit Trades is completely confidential. We will not add your name to our e-mail list without your permission. For security reasons, if your inquiry is about one of your subscriptions, we may ask you to submit some additional information only to verify your identity. Remember, in this case we are only asking you to confirm information you have already given us.
You can unsubscribe from Power Profit Trades emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of any Power Profit Trades email or by calling us at 1-888-384-8339; international callers can telephone us at +1-630-820-5053.
View this page online:             https://powerprofittrades.com/privacy-policy/
Click here to visit Tom's Facebook page
Follow Tom on Twitter
Trending Posts
money-making recommendations in real time.
Don't forget choose a topic.
