Privacy Policy
Information Collected by AMCP
We only collect personal information that is needed to conduct business operations. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience and provide recognition to outstanding creative professionals.
We collect the following types of information from our users:
1. Information You Provide to Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to participate in our competitions. AMCP will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission. AMCP may send out emails with AMCP-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions if you provide us your email address.
2. Website Use Information
 
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser to enable websites to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages on our website are visited and by how many people.
To learn more about how your browser interacts with cookies, navigate to the “help” portion on your browsers, which should direct you to your cookie settings.
How do we use cookies?
AMCP uses cookies to differentiate you from other users. Sometimes, through cookies we can prevent you from seeing unnecessary advertisements or logging in more times than is necessary. Also, cookies help us gather feedback to improve our websites and customer experience. AMCP’s cookies do not collect personal information.
 
Sharing your information
We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone, and we will share your personal information only as described below.
AMCP Personnel
AMCP personnel and authorized contractors may have access to user information if necessary in the normal course of AMCP’s business to improve visitor experience, provide better customer service, etc.
Business Transfers
In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets transferred.
Protection of AMCP and Others
We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with a law; to enforce or apply other policies; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of AMCP, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
 
Changes to this Privacy Policy
AMCP may amend this privacy policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the privacy policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on AMCP’s website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances – if any – it is disclosed.
Contact Information
 
