Who we are
DJ Awards is an independent non profit Electronic Music Awards. Founded in 1998 to honour DJs and individuals who have influenced electronic dance music worldwide. Our website address is: https://djawards.wpengine.com .
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
The protection of your privacy and personal data is an important matter for us. By means of this Privacy Policy, we inform our website users about the protection of their personal data that are been processed or collected through it, so that they can freely and voluntarily decide whether they wish to continue using it, as well providing any personal data that may be required or it may be obtained from them in relation with their access to and use of this website.
DJ Awards informs that it treats the data of our website users and its different options and tools, in order to manage it, the relationship with users, their browsing, their votes, and the supply of content and, where appropriate, to maintain contact with them. The data may be processed and incorporated into DJ Awards’ files in order to attend such requests and enable the management of the relationship and contact with you. We understand that we already have your consent to do so, starting from the moment you provide us your personal data either by registering, voting, submitting contact forms and sending emails.
Cookies
A Cookie is a file or a small piece of data, which is downloaded into your computer or device when accessing different websites. Cookies allow a website, among other functions, to recover and store all type of information concerning the users’ behavior or about his computer and, depending on the information they contain and on how your computer is going to be used, it might be helpful to recognize the user.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser. When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select ‘Remember Me’, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
How to allow, disable or delete cookies?
Most internet browsers are automatically set up to accept cookies. You can allow, block or delete cookies installed on your computer by using your web browser settings. If you disable cookies, this may alter the proper functioning and the optimization of the websites you are using.
Please visit one of the following internet browsers to learn more about how you can control your cookie settings:
Embedded content from other websites
Articles and widgets on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, feeds, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website. These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., a Delaware Company whose main office is at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, United States (Google). You can decline any type of data processing by disabling the use of cookies from your web browser’s settings, although, you must be aware that, by doing it, the browsing experience may be limited. You can also decline Google either the use of cookies or the use of any information regarding the site (including your IP address), and also block Google for any data processing by downloading and installing a plug-in from the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en . By using this website, we consider that you totally agree that Google may process all your information.
Who we share your data with
By law, we need to tell you here that we’re not sharing your email address or any other personal information with anyone – it stays, and will always stay with us.
What rights you have over your data
The data provided by users will be treated by DJ Awards, its areas, departments and personnel related to the management of this website and its utilities. The data will be processed and stored during the legally established periods and as long the relationship with DJ Awards is maintained, and will be deleted once the relationship expires, with the exception of those that are legally or contractually necessary to be maintained.
You may revoke, at any time, any consent given for the processing of your data, without this affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on your consent prior to its withdrawal, as well exercise, with reference to your personal data, the legally recognized rights, including those of access, rectification, deletion and, where appropriate, limitation of processing, portability or opposition, by sending an email at: info@djawards.com . All this without prejudice to the rights of the user to make any claim in defense of his/her rights and interests with the Spanish Data Protection Agency. For more information, or to make a complaint or contact our privacy manager, just forward your complaint to the above-mentioned email address.
RECENT NEWS
September 12, 2018
