Free Shipping and Returns on all Continental US Orders of $95+
Happening Now | $28 Pants Sale! No code necessary. Prices as marked. SHOP NOW
Ship to
Search:
Search
EFFECTIVE TIME:  May 2018.
Note: This policy is directed to residents of the European Economic Area (EEA). If you are located outside of the EEA, please refer to Privacy Policy .
Alloy Online Store (“we”) operates the web site located at www.alloyapparel.com (the “Web Site”). We recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared, so we have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our information collection, use, and sharing practices for this Web Site.
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY AND FEEL FREE TO CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS. BY VISITING THE WEB SITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS OUTLINED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.
When Do We Collect Information?
We may collect information about you anytime you interact with us, such as when you (i) access or browse the Web Site, (ii) order products or services through the Web Site, (iii) communicate with us either by e-mail, over the telephone or in any other manner, (iv) elect to participate in any of our product promotions, and (v) request information about products and services.
What Information Do We Collect?
Information we collect is generally of two types—personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information.
Personally identifiable information comprises any information that can help us identify or locate an individual, including, without limitation, an individual’s name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and credit card number.
Non-personally identifiable information comprises information that does not by itself identify an individual. This information generally includes anonymous information about an individual’s use of the Web Site that includes, among other things, information concerning date and time of visit, the pages of the Web Site visited, path through the Web Site, IP address, the type of browser and operating system used.
What Do We Use Your Information For?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience
(Your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs.)
To improve the Web Site
(We continually strive to improve the Web Site offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.)
To improve customer service
(Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.)
To process transactions
(Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.)
To send periodic emails
(The email address you provide for order processing will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. If you decide to opt-in to our mailing list, you will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.)
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed instructions on how to unsubscribe at the bottom of each email.
How Do We Protect Your Information?
When you place an order or access your personal information, we implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway provider’s database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
We are required to meet all applicable regulatory compliance standards for data protection, and to take appropriate organizational and technical measures to protect your personal information from:
misuse,
theft,
loss.
We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards for the collection, storage, and disclosure of personal information. The Web Site’s security procedures mean that we may request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you. Wherever online portals and/or third-party service providers are used, we ensure that these requirements meet the same security and data protection standards.
However, due to the design of the Internet, ever-changing technology, and other factors outside of our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third-parties, or that we will not be subject to security breaches.
Do We Use Cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser, and capture and remember certain information.
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders by contacting customer service.
Do We Disclose Any Information to Outside Parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third-parties who assist us in operating the Web Site, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third Party Links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on the Web Site. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of the Web Site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Transfer of EU Data to USA
The Web Site’s data is managed from our USA headquarters, and your personal information may be transferred to us. Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside of the European Economic Area, in the course of sharing information as set out herein, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy and as permitted by the applicable laws on data protection. We may make your personal information available to government authorities when required by law.
If you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@brandedonline.com . We will respond to your inquiry promptly.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act). We do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years of age or older.
As a parent or guardian, you can request us to remove personal information of your child that was submitted without your consent or by misrepresenting his or her age. At your request, we will take reasonable steps to remove such information from our database. All such requests should include the same user name, password, and e-mail address that your child submitted and should be sent to privacy@brandedonline.com .
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through the Web Site and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the Web Site.
Integrity
In regards to your personal information collected and held by the Web Site, you have the right to:
access your personal information,
rectify inaccuracies in your personal information,
deny or withdraw your consent      to all or some of our use of your personal information,
lodge a complaint with a      supervisory authority, and
request the deletion of your personal information from our system of records
During the account sign-in process, you can review, change, or remove the information you have submitted. We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible and encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may, at any time, access your information to update, modify, or delete any inaccuracies by accessing your account through the Web Site. You may also request us to remove your account information from our databases, and we will try to remove as much information as possible. However, as we generally keep information related to past transactions for our records, we will not be able to completely remove your information.
Data Protection Officer
Branded Online, Inc. of 946 West Seventeenth Street, Costa Mesa, CA 92627, United States, is the data controller for your personal information. Any questions that you have concerning this Privacy Policy or Branded Online’s collection and use of personal information, should be addressed to Branded Online’s data protection officer at privacy@brandedonline.com
Changes to our Privacy Policy
We may change our policy at any time by posting a new version of it on the Web Site. We encourage you to check the Web Site regularly for information about revisions to this Privacy Policy. In the event that we change our Privacy Policy, such changes will affect all of the information we collect after any such change. If you object to the change to our Privacy Policy, then you must contact us in writing regarding your objection.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us using the information below.
Alloy Online Store
Attn: Privacy Policy
 
Close
Take 25% Off Your First Order.
Join our mailing list for updates on exclusive promotions, new collections, and much more.
*1.5 Million Alloy babes and counting!
Please enter a valid email address.
