USA & Canada
Sep 12
Privacy Policy
Inc. (US / WE / OUR) use of personal information, personally identifying information and statistical data we gather on readers and site visitors (YOU / YOUR) through logging, registration, surveys and other means.
This policy does not imply any right or restriction upon third parties' use the data that is publicly accessible on this website,
"Personally identifying information" is information that can be used to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, phone number, date of birth and so on...
"Personal information" is information about you that is not generally available to the public, this includes your age, your shopping habits, what kind of home electronics you own and so on...
"Statistical Data" is data compiled from other information, personal and otherwise that itself is not personally identifiable. For example the average age of our readers. their geographic dispersement and so on.
Jurisdiction
Anime News Network
, Inc. is based in Quebec, Canada and has no operations outside Quebec. Our privacy practices are governed by Quebec law  P-39.1, ACT RESPECTING THE PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION IN THE PRIVATE SECTOR.
Information Collection
We may automatically receive, record and store the following personally identifying information every time you visit our website;
Your IP address;
Your host name;
Information stored in cookies that we previously placed on your computer (used to save your settings).
We gather and record information that you may submit through surveys, polls and online registration.
Internal Information Use
We limit internal access to your personal information and personally identifying information to staff members that need such information in order to carry out their assigned tasks. It is not provided to other staff.
Our software may need your personal information in order to fulfill its primary functions that have nothing to do with said personal information. For example your e-mail address is required in order to sign up to the forum, this is used to deter abusive behavior and provide you with any notifications you may request to have automatically delivered to you.
Information Sharing
We regularly share statistical data with 3rd parties and the public.
Under no circumstances will we ever share personally identifying information with a third party unless:
You are specifically and explicitly informed in advance; OR
Your permission is explicitly received for every instance; OR
We are required to do so by applicable law; OR
The information is requested with a warrant or subpoena, whether issued by a court of applicable jurisdiction or not; although we may chose to refuse demands issued by a non-jurisdictional courts and/or demands we believe to be ethically or legally dubious;
Under no other circumstance do we share your personal information with a third party except in the form of statistical data.
Surveys
We occasionally conducts surveys in order to get to better know our readership. In these surveys we are only interested in the statistical information gathered and we do not link any personally identifying information with your personal information.
Personally identifying information gathered in a survey or contest is erased from our database once it is no longer needed (Ie: if we are giving prizes to randomly drawn participants, the contact information for non-winners is deleted when the winners are selected and confirmed).
Third Party Services
This website may use certain services provided by third party service providers including but not limited to DoubleClick and
This website may utilize certain services provided by
Google
's privacy practices,  including the ability to opt-out from any data collection, reporting and/or targeting activities associated with its services, please go to http://www.google.com/privacy.html#utm_source=aso&utm_campaign=ww-ww-et-ashp&utm_medium=link .
Access to this network passes through Cloudflare's Network. For information about their privacy policy, please visit https://www.cloudflare.com/privacypolicy/ and https://www.cloudflare.com/privacyshield/ .
Portions of this website are served by Ezoic, Inc. For information about Ezoic's privacy policy, please visit https://www.ezoic.com/privacy-policy/ .
Exponential Interactive, Inc, as our partner, have a legitimate interest to collect and profile personal data in the form of IP address and cookie ID from users on our website in order to provide targeted online advertising and ad measurement. For more details including opt-out requests, access requests or complaints, please review their privacy policy or contact their data protection officer via [email protected]
This website may use third-party companies to serve ads and collect non-personally identifiable information (e.g., the pages you visit, and which links you click, which ads you see and click on, and the categories of search terms you enter) when you visit our web site. These companies may use the information outlined above (which does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. These companies often use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
This website may utilize certain services provided by Quantcast. All data collected by Quantcast is anonymous and contains no personally-identifiable information.
Policy Information
We may update this policy at any time.
We take numerous precautions to safeguard your personal information however are not responsible for personal information that is unlawfully obtained from our servers.
We are not responsible for any information that an individual may publicly disclose regarding him or herself via our services, this includes but is not limited to our online forum and our IRC channel.
Closing Statement
We value your privacy as if it were our own. We will never sell your e-mail address or any other information about you to a third party. Nor will we knowingly engage in any other behavior that could put your privacy in jeopardy.
Questions or comments regarding our privacy policy should be sent to the editors via our Contact Us page.
games
An avalanche of news has come in before Tokyo Game Show, not the least of which was today's Nintendo Direct, which brought with it Luigi's Mansion, Katamari Damacy, NES controllers for the Switch and yes, new Animal Crossing! ― So you know how 90% of the coolest E3 announcements happen in the days and weeks before E3? Well, right now, it feels like the same thing is happening with next week's Tokyo G...
feature
games
Still on the fence about Dragon Quest XI, the latest sprawling installment in the venerable RPG franchise? Series newcomer Branden Johnson cracks open his copy for a look at whether or not this one might be worth spending 100+ hours with. ― Dragon Quest has an incredibly long and rich history. It's one of the most storied franchises in all of video games. Yet, for some reason, Americans know very lit...
column
anime
Planet With's plot has only kept raising the stakes, cramming enough climaxes for a 50-episode show into only one season. Nick and Steve break down their favorite moments so far in this constantly-escalating mecha series. ― Planet With's plot has only kept raising the stakes, cramming enough climaxes for a 50-episode show into only one season. This week, Nick and Steve break down their favorite momen...
review
anime
This family series continues its winning streak with what might be the most concise tournament arc in recent memory. Rebecca Silverman has the details. ― The tournament arc is a staple of the shounen adventure story, and in many cases it can take tens of episodes as the hero fights his way from the bottom to the top, often contending with a variety of fierce opponents, not all of whom are strictly ho...
column
games
Anime and games feel like natural mates, so how come you don't see more big anime adaptations of major AAA video games? Justin considers the angles. ―  Jacob asked: I was recently thinking about some of the old shows I used to watch as a kid and I remembered that Nintendo made an anime adaptation of their character Kirby called Kirby Right Back at Ya! I remember back in the 1990'sand early 2000's it ...
review
manga
With their escape on hold, The Promised Neverland settles in for a volume that carefully explores the feelings of our young leads. Nick Creamer has the details. ― The Promised Neverland's third volume ended on a dramatic victory for Isabella, as she revealed that not only was she entirely aware of Emma and her friends' plans, but she was also prepared to do whatever was necessary to stop them. By int...
column
anime
This series might look like a grim and gruesome piece of psychological horror, but its delightfully campy edge makes it more giggle-worthy than expected. Nick and Steve dig into the comedic kitsch buried just under the surface of this grave thriller. ― Angels of Death might look like a grim and gruesome piece of psychological horror, but its delightfully campy edge makes it more giggle-worthy than ex...
review
manga
Shortcake Cake proves just as sweet as its name in this charmer of a first volume. Rebecca Silverman has the details on this shojo romcom. ― The boarding house or high school dorm in manga fills the space occupied by the boarding school in western YA literature: a safe, adult-supervised space where teens can still live parent-free while still spreading their wings and having the sorts of adventure us...
column
anime
The venerable rom-com franchise Tenchi Muyo returns, but not in the way you might expect. PLUS: all of this week's new anime DVD & Bluray releases! ―  I rarely end up revisiting any of my old streaming review shows, if only because writing about a series every week forces you to get just about everything out of it on the first viewing. However, I ended up breaking that pattern last week, and for Laid...
column
manga
Original manga often spawn anime series, but it doesn't go the other way all that often - how exactly does an original anime get a manga adaptation? Justin gets into the details. ―  Nick asked: The process of securing the rights to and then adapting a manga, light novel, etc. into an anime has been described in much detail. That being said, there are certain cases where the opposite happens--an origi...
review
novels
This ensemble cast isekai adventure still stands head and shoulders above its peers in the genre. Theron Martin has the details. ― With its third volume the story shifts gears a bit in a plot sense while still maintaining the overall style and approach that it had in previous volumes. In the process it also finally starts to reveal some of the world's Big Picture, building on the tantalizing teases t...
All material Copyright © 1998-2018 Anime News Network. All rights reserved.
served by moeka-chan
cloudflare ray# 459ecd489400be89-RIC
