 
Introduction
The rules and regulations appearing in this Handbook have been approved under the authority of the Miami University Board of Trustees and, therefore, constitute official University policy. All students, as well as members of the faculty and administrative staff, should become familiar with the contents of this Handbook.
The Student Handbook includes all the Miami University regulations regarding the rights and responsibilities students have on the Miami campuses, both in and outside the classroom. These rules and guidelines have been developed by faculty, students and staff on campus to facilitate student development. The regulations are shaped by our commitment that all Miami students will have the freedom and support to be actively engaged in campus life and will grow in meaningful ways as a result of these experiences. Our intention is that Miami will always be a vibrant academic community and that student involvement and leadership will be a central part of campus life.
Student development at Miami is couched within the over-arching identity of Miami University as an engaged university, one that provides rich, active opportunities for student involvement and change. The guidelines in the Handbook provide an important framework for the student engagement we seek on this campus.
The regulations presented in this document outline both student rights and student responsibilities. Miami University encourages and supports free speech, respect for difference, and active student leadership and initiative. Our expectation in return is that no Miami students will engage in behaviors that harm themselves or others and that they will adhere to the highest principles of honesty and integrity. The diverse sections of the Handbook make these expectations clear.
The Handbook is not a static document. We make changes in the Handbook each year to strengthen our procedures and students should be aware of changes that affect their participation on campus. Working through Associated Student Government, students have the opportunity to advocate for changes or additions to these regulations. The Handbook also outlines the procedures students can follow if they believe they have been treated inappropriately or unfairly. We urge students to seek out an advisor if they believe they have been treated in ways that violate the principles that are outlined in this document. Students are a critical part of the life of this community.  We urge all persons on campus to use these guidelines in effective ways to support and enhance student engagement at Miami.
Permission for Undergraduate Students to Enroll in Graduate Courses
Physical Examinations and Immunizations
Withdrawal from the University
Policy for Enrolled Students Who Are Called to Active Duty in the Armed Services
Proficiency Examinations
Credit/No-Credit Courses
Auditing Courses
Change of Grade and Removal of Grade of Incomplete
Computation of Averages and Definition of Earned Hours, Attempted Hours, and Grade Point Average Hours, President’s and Dean’s Lists
Scholastic Regulations
Re-Enrollment after Academic Suspension or Dismissal
Schedule Changes for Final Examinations or Other Evaluative Substitution
Examinations and Additional Class Requirements During the Semester
Procedures for Reporting and Adjudicating Cases of Academic Dishonesty
Appeals of the Department Chair/Program Director or Designee’s Finding and Recommended Sanctions
Sanctions
 
The Miami University John E. Dolibois European Center (MUDEC) Attendance Policies
Waiver of Access
Disclosure of Information
University Policy and Procedure on a Student’s Right to Inspect and Review Personally Identifiable Records and the Right to Challenge the Content of Those Records
Prohibition
Enforecement
Review
Candles and Incense
Compliance
Imminent Danger Leave of Absence
Significant Risk of Substantial Harm Leave of Absence
Review and Recommendation
Emergency Response Procedures
Emergency Procedures
Workplace Violence
Definitions
Registration of Student Organizations
Establishment of a Fraternity or Sorority at Miami University
Membership of Fraternities or Sororities at Miami University
Responsibilities of Collegiate Fraternity and Sorority Chapters
Responsibilities of the Cliff Alexander Office of Fraternity and Sorority Life and Leadership
Responsibilities of the Greek Governing councils
Right of Use
Public Speaking, Leaflet Distribution, and Demonstration Policy
Policies Governing the Use of Non-Auxiliary Sports Facilities by University and Non-University Groups
Signs, Posters, and Banners in Academic and Administrative Buildings
Dining Halls
Definitions
Coverage
Romantic and Sexual Relationships in the Instructional and Supervisory Contexts
Information and Assistance
Retaliation is Prohibited
Advisors
Confidentiality and Initial Assessment of Report
Investigation of a Report
Disciplinary Action
Additional Measures
Additional Van and Towing Safety Requirements
Enforcement
Exceptional Transportation Needs
Right-of-Way Requests
Overtime at Meter
Parking Where Signs Prohibit
Yellow Zone
Handicap Parking Violation
Parking Appeals Committee
