Electronic Communications Privacy Act Notice (18 USC Sections 2701-2711):
Company makes no guarantee of confidentiality or privacy of any communication or information transmitted on the Site or any website linked to the Site. Company will not be liable for the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade-secret information, or any other Content stored on Company’s equipment, transmitted over networks accessed by Company Website, or otherwise connected with your use of Company Website.
This Privacy Policy covers Company’s treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that Company may gather when you are accessing Company Website and when you use Company services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Company does not own or control, or to individuals that Company does not employ or manage.
The types of Personal Information collected may include your name, user name, password, email address, photograph or other likeness, purchase history, IP address, browser information and/or any other information you provide in connection with your use of Company Website. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features, if offered on Company Website. The Personal Information you provide may be used for such purposes as allowing you to interact with other users, improving the content of the Website, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features.
Company will make reasonable efforts to respect your privacy and will only use your Personal Information, such as your name, business address, email address or phone number, for reasonable business purposes. In order to establish a more personalized relationship with you, we may also use your Personal Information to determine what services you truly value. Company collects Personal Information when you register with Company, or when you subscribe to Company’s various services if offered, or when you visit Company’s pages or the pages of certain Company partners, or when you purchase an item from Company, and/or when you enter promotions. Company may combine your information that Company has with information Company obtains from its business partners or other companies. Company will not, without your express consent, sell its customer e-mail address list to third parties but may use our lists to notify you of special events, special offers, promotions and/or products offered by Company and by others that we think you may find worthwhile and compatible with your needs and wants.
Company will reasonably endeavor to ensure that only authorized members of Company will have access to your Personal Information, and all members of Company have been required to read and abide by our security policies whether they are authorized to access your Personal Information or not. All of our employees, contractors, licensees, members and others who may have access to, and are associated with, the processing of Personal Information, are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors’ Personal Information. We ensure that your Personal Information will not be disclosed to federal or state institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation
People who try and bypass security systems, or “hackers”, are often very skilled at breaking through security systems though and therefore we can make no guarantee that your information is 100% safe.
It is important to note that the Company site(s) may contain links to other sites, and that those sites may not follow the same privacy policies as Company. For instance, if you click on an advertisement on the Company site, you may be taken away from Company to an entirely different site. These links can also be from advertisers, content providers and/or partners who may, for example, use Company’s logo and/or style as a result of a co-branding agreement yet they may still not follow the same privacy policies as Company.
Some promotions appearing on the Company site(s) may be sponsored or co-sponsored by other companies. These companies may also choose to collect Personal Information from you. Company cannot control the privacy policies of these outside sponsors, and if you do not want your information collected by these sponsors, you should not participate in the promotion, contest or sweepstakes.
For your own information and protection on the Company site(s) and on the Internet in general, keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose Personal Information on message boards, through e-mail, or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others. Similarly, if you post Personal Information in public places, you may receive unsolicited e-mail messages. Please think before you post any information online.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Company reserves the right to disclose user information when required by law, or if we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, or the rights and property of others.
By using this site(s), you signify your assent to Company’s privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. Company reserves the right to change the terms and conditions of this privacy policy at any time simply by posting the changes on our site and you agree that it is your responsibility to check this agreement periodically for updates. Your continued use of the Company’s websites following the posting of changes to these terms (whether you have checked for changes or not) will mean you accept those changes.
If you are unclear about any of the above stated policies or have a question for us, please contact Company at: www.ropeadope.com
We may provide your Personal Information to companies that help us with our business activities such as processing credit card transactions, shipping your order, assisting us in site operations, providing customer service and delivering email newsletters. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services.
We do not and will not rent or sell or give your name, address, email address, credit card information or any Personal Information to any third party. We do not and will not share any Personal Information with outside parties who may wish to market their products to you. We will only send you an e-mail if we have a question about your order or if you have signed up for some other service on our website, such as a newsletter.
The Company server uses SSL encryption for its checkout process. All Personal Information including your credit card number and email address are securely transmitted between your computer and the ropeadope.com server. Your transaction is processed immediately, so your credit card number is never stored on any server. If you have any questions regarding privacy or security, please email Company at: info@ropeadope.com.
We may collect the Personal Information that you may volunteer while using our services and as you browse our site(s). Such information is sometimes referred to as web analytics and/or clickstream data. We do not automatically log Personal Information nor do we link information automatically logged by other means with Personal Information about specific individuals.
Company operates our site(s) in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”) and does not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect, attempt to collect or use personally identifiable information or any other Personal Information as defined in COPPA from anyone under 13 years of age.
If you feel that we have unknowingly collected information from someone under the age of 13 years, please contact us immediately at: info@ropeadope.com and we will immediately remove this information.
Cookies
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. Company cookies do not collect Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to tell us who you are or what is your screen name or email address.
Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
Advertisements that may appear on Company Website may be delivered to users by Company’s advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any of Company’s advertisers or sponsors.
Access to Your Personal Data
You can ask Company, by sending an email to info@ropeadope.com, whether we are keeping Personal Information about you. Upon request, within a reasonable period of time, we will provide you with a readable copy of the Personal Information which we keep about you; however, we will require proof of your identity. We will provide the information without any charge.
We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data erased, rectified or amended, or completed. We do not reserve the right to refuse to provide you with a copy of your Personal Information.
Changes To This Privacy Policy
By using our site(s), you explicitly agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make a material change to the way in which we collect, use, and/or share your Personal Information, we will send an email to users who have provided an email address or post a notice on our site(s) prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
stay connected
Subscribe to our newsletter and we'll send you news and special offers, no more than once a month. 
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
