Hi! Im Erin, an automated LegalShield representative here to assist you with any questions you may have.
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
Keeping customer information private is a priority for LegalShield, its subsidiaries and affiliates. To enable us to provide our membership plans, we need to collect certain personal information from you.
It is sometimes necessary to share that personal information with others to provide our services
to you. However, we want to emphasize that we are committed to maintaining the privacy of this information in accordance with law. All individuals with access to personal information about our customers are required to follow this policy.
This privacy notice informs you of what personal information we collect about you and how we
treat that information. Its purpose is to answer questions you may have regarding our treatment
of your personal information and reassures you of our dedication to keeping your personal information secure.
Information We Collect
We collect non-public personal information about you from the following sources:
Information we receive from you on applications
or other forms such as your name, address, payment instructions, Social Security Number and Social Insurance Number in Canada.
Information you may provide during visits to our website including IP address and cookies.
Information about your transactions, interactions or communications with us, our affiliates or others.
Information We Share
We do not disclose any non-public personal information about our customers, past or present, to any non-affiliated entity except as described below and otherwise permitted by law. We may disclose all the information we collect, as described above, to Provider Law Firms and companies that assist us in the servicing or administration of the product you have requested or authorized.
When information is shared with companies that perform services on our behalf, we protect against the subsequent discloser of that information with a confidentiality agreement and/or other protective measures.
 
Our Security Procedures
 
Changes to Privacy Policy
LegalShield reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to revise, change or modify this Privacy Policy at anytime. Any material changes to the Privacy Policy will be incorporated on this page. Notice of changes maybe given in any manner we choose in compliance with the law such as, but not limited to, posting a notice of changes on our websites. We encourage you to review this page periodically for the most recent version of the Privacy Policy. The effective date of this Privacy Policy is July 1, 2001.
QUESTIONS?
If you have any questions about this notice, please email us at memberservices@legalshield.com orCall us toll-free:
(800) 654-7757 (US)
(800) 440-8857 (Canada) (866) 274-5790 (TTY)
This notice has been provided to you in compliance with applicable state and federal laws including the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, U.S. Pub. L. 106-102, 113 U.S. Stat. 1338, for informational purposes only. No action is required by you.
Start Searching
Talk to an independent associate in your area who can walk you through all the plan options.
This website gives a general overview of legal plan coverage. The benefits and prices described are not available in all states and Canadian provinces. See specific details on terms, coverage, pricing, conditions and exclusions in the Personal Legal Plans section of this website. LegalShield provides access to legal services offered by a network of provider law firms to LegalShield members and their covered family members through membership based participation. Neither LegalShield nor its officers, employees or sales associates directly or indirectly provide legal services, representation or advice. Case studies are actual LegalShield member experiences. Names and identities have been changed for attorney-client privilege requirements.
This website gives a general overview of LegalShield's Launch products and legal plan coverages.  The benefits and prices described are not available in all states. See specific details on terms, coverage, pricing, conditions and exclusions by selecting your state in the cart at www.launchbylegalshield.com
LegalShield provides access to legal services offered by a network of provider law firms to LegalShield members and their covered family members through membership based participation. Neither LegalShield nor its officers, employees or sales associate directly or indirectly provided legal services, representation, or advice and is not able to render an opinion or recommendation concerning a selection of an entity or document.  Information you provide LegalShield is covered by our privacy policy, but not by an attorney-client privilege.
© LegalShield 2018
This is not a valid email address.
I am interested in:
LegalShield for Small Business
IDShield
Selling LegalShield
Submit
I am
