Our Privacy Policy
This privacy policy explains how personal information is collected, used, processed, and disclosed by Online Labels, Inc. and  Maestro Label Designer. It applies to site visitors and customers, so please take some time to read it, along with our Terms of Service .
Personally Identifiable Information
We collect and store information for various uses depending on how you interact with our site.
Acquired or Necessary Content
The information below is automatically detected or provided by you to utilize the full functionality of our services.
User Type
Information Collected
Site Visitor
IP Address
Does not expire
User-Submitted Content
Other information is voluntarily provided by you to access non-essential functions of the site. This includes your name and email address for submissions to the following sections: Customer Ideas, Product Reviews, Testimonials, and Forum. This information is used to email reward codes, provide support, and attribute your submitted content to the public name or nickname you specify during creation. It does not expire.
How We Secure It
All of the communication between site users and OnlineLabels.com is transmitted over an HTTPS connection. Our servers are PCI-compliant for the safe storage of payment information. In addition, sensitive information is encrypted and stored in a secure data center.
Third-Party Access
No personally identifiable information gathered through registration, checkout, or support inquiries will be sold to others for marketing purposes. There may be cases where it's necessary to share this data with our affiliates, partners, and other third-parties for the purposes of order fulfillment.
Non-personally identifiable information may be shared with organizations for ad targeting and analytics services. These companies include:
Google provides advertising services, delivers organic and paid analytics, and conducts customer reviews
Microsoft delivers advertising reporting
Yahoo delivers advertising reporting
BizRate conducts customer reviews
Pinterest delivers advertising reporting
Cloudflare offers site optimization services
Amazon provides advertising services and reporting
Use of Cookies
We use cookies to improve the quality of our service and deliver relevant promotional material.
Necessary Cookies
Certain cookies are required for the functionality of the website. Some features or actions, such as the checkout process, cannot be completed without the use of such cookies.
Marketing Cookies
To create a meaningful user experience, sections of the site may include your name, recently viewed products, applied preferences, and more. We also utilize your shopping history to deliver personalized ads across other websites and platforms.
Receive the latest news, product announcements, and inspiration.
Sanford,                     FL                                          32773
×
×
×
