Recent
September 13, 2018 5:02 pm
September 13, 2018 4:53 pm
September 13, 2018 4:34 pm
September 13, 2018 4:23 pm
September 13, 2018 2:57 pm
September 13, 2018 9:27 am
September 10, 2018 10:58 pm
September 10, 2018 1:54 am
September 9, 2018 9:20 am
Recent
September 13, 2018 1:01 pm
September 13, 2018 12:35 pm
September 13, 2018 11:36 am
Recent
August 22, 2018 12:35 pm
August 22, 2018 9:48 am
August 15, 2018 10:55 am
August 10, 2018 4:36 pm
Recent
September 13, 2018 5:02 pm
September 13, 2018 4:34 pm
September 13, 2018 2:02 pm
September 12, 2018 10:00 pm
Recent
September 11, 2018 5:25 pm
September 5, 2018 5:11 pm
August 30, 2018 5:33 pm
Recent
September 13, 2018 11:17 am
September 13, 2018 10:31 am
September 13, 2018 9:41 am
Recent
September 13, 2018 9:27 am
September 11, 2018 5:55 pm
September 10, 2018 3:22 am
Playlist Privacy Policy
The following Privacy Policy covers our website, playlist.net (the “Website”), which is owned and operated by The Playlist Blog, LLC, a New York limited liability company (“Playlist”, “we”, “us”, “our”).
Playlist recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all our users. We have instituted, therefore, this Privacy Policy with a fundamental respect for our users’ right to privacy and to establish the basis for our customer and advertiser relationships.
By using the Website, submitting information or using any of our products and services, you signify your acceptance of the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy.
In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read our Terms of Use (available at http://theplaylist.net/the-playlist-terms-of-use/ ). This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is part of, our Terms of Use.
This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time so check back often. Continued access of this website by you will constitute your acceptance of the changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.
The Information You Provide to Us
The Website generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. This includes but is not limited to when you choose to subscribe to our newsletter or post any comments on the Website.
If you have chosen to subscribe to our newsletter, we ask for an e-mail address to which you would like the newsletter sent. We will only use your e-mail address to send the Playlist newsletter for which you have registered and special Playlist announcements, if any, or to respond to inquiries.
Confidentiality
Except for information you post on the Website or in our comments sections, all Playlist user-provided information is kept strictly confidential and will not be shared with any outside party. We will never intentionally disclose individually identifiable information to any third party without your permission. However, if we are ordered to disclose such information by a court of proper jurisdiction or some other proper governmental order, we must comply with such an order.
Public Areas
When you contribute any content to a public area of the Website such as our comments sections, the content you submit will be made available to the general public and will not be considered to be personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. We recommend you use caution when submitting any sensitive information such as your full name, address, phone number, or other information that would allow users to locate you or information about you.
You will be able to post comments and replies to our articles using our comment tool provided by a third party application called Disqus, and logging in with your Disqus, Facebook, Twitter or Google accounts. If you register with and use Disqus, Disqus may collect and use additional information from and about you. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Disqus’ collection or use of your information. We encourage you to review Disqus’ privacy policy (https://help.disqus.com/customer/en/portal/articles/466259-privacy-policy) to learn more.
Use of Information
Playlist uses incoming and outgoing web site traffic data without individually identifiable user information to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Website. This information may include the website that referred you, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) and other usage and traffic information. We also use it to gather broad demographic information about our users in general so we may, among other things, provide improved web experiences to our readers. We may combine demographic information supplied by a user with site usage data to provide profiles, in aggregate form, about our users and their preferences as they relate to Playlist. The information is not collected in a manner that would identify you personally.
We may provide statistical information, not personal information, to our partners, including advertising partners, about how our users, collectively use our Website. We may share this information with our partners, so that they may further understand the usage of their areas and our Website.
From time to time, we may agree with third parties to offer other services to Playlist readers on an optional basis. For any such agreements, our partners will only be permitted to contact you or offer you such services or information if we have asked you, in advance, for your permission to be contacted. They will also be required to disclose their privacy and information use policy to you at all times and you shall always have the right to opt-out of being contacted at your sole discretion.
There may also be occasions when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose.
Cookies
Playlist occasionally uses Cookies to better understand our user’s experience on the site and does not share this information with any third party. Playlist also uses Cookies to help remember your preferences to better enhance your experience on our website. You may reset your cookie preference in your internet browser.
Playlist may use third parties to present or serve the advertisements that you may see at on the Website. These third party ad servers may use cookies, web beacons, clear .gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the effectiveness of such advertisements. These companies may use aggregated information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our privacy statement. If you would like more information about this practice or to opt out entirely, please see: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
Unsubscribing
Users may unsubscribe from the Playlist newsletter at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe button in our newsletter.
Third Party Websites / Links
Remember that the Website contains links to other sites, such as Playlist partners, advertisers and other content providers that are not owned or controlled by us. When you “click” on a link or banner advertisement, you will leave the Playlist site and this Privacy Policy will no longer be relevant or in effect for those other sites to which you arrive. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party websites or services or their use of your personal information. If you access a third party website from our Website, you do so at your own risk and you understand that neither this Privacy Policy nor our Terms of Use apply to your use of such sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of use of any third party website or service that you visit.
Third Party Access to Your Information
We take reasonable efforts to protect your information from being accessed by third parties. However, since we may employ outside maintenance personnel or use a third party to host our material, there are third party entities which may have custody or access to your information. Because of this, it is necessary that you permit us to give access to your information to third parties to the same extent that you authorize us to do so. For greater certainty, every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy Policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our Website or its underlying files or systems. You agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you. Additionally, we may store your information or share it with certain other third parties for reasons that may or may not be related to maintenance, advertising, marketing, or other purposes related to our business. The following is a non-exhaustive list of other entities that we may store, share, or transfer your information with:
· Google Analytics
· Google AdSense
Security of Information
We make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information. You understand and agree that no transmission of data over the internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It is in our interest to keep our websites secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
We are not located in California, but we do permit California residents to access our Website. It is our intent to comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the “Act”) codified in California Business and Professions Code §§ 22575-22579. If you are a California resident you may request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to any third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Various provisions throughout this Privacy Policy address requirements of the Act. You may contact us at info@playlist.net with any questions.
Amendments
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, and the amended version will be posted on our Website in place of the old version. We will also include the date that the currently displayed Privacy Policy took effect to help you determine whether there have been any changes since you last used the website. The changes in this Privacy Policy become effective as soon as the changes are published to the Website. If you continue to use the Website after the changes become effective, it will signify your agreement to be bound by such modifications or revisions.
If you do not agree to the new Privacy Policy, you must immediately cease using our service.
Questions
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, Playlist practices, or feel that your privacy has been compromised, please contact us at info@theplaylist.net.
The Privacy Policy posted on this site was last updated on or about May 9, 2016.
Pages
