Welcome to this website, owned and operated by Turnpike Information Company ("TURNPIKE"),  a wholly-owned subsidiary of Rodan Media Group Corporation ("RODAN"). Both companies are corporations organized under the laws of the state of Florida. Use of this website is subject the terms and conditions delineated herein. We strongly recommend you also read our Terms Of Use and our Refund Policy .
 
OVERVIEW AND LEGAL VENUE
We  take your right to privacy seriously, and we want you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by  TURNPIKE, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of TURNPIKE, or that are not under the control of TURNPIKE.
For transparency, third party entities that are used by TURNPIKE for the collection of data are named hereinbelow.
 
SUPPLEMENTAL HOTEL RESERVATIONS PRIVACY TERMS
Specific, supplemental privacy terms  govern hotel reservations and lodging, as required by our third-party reservations partners. Please, be sure to review the Hotels Privacy Policy associated with hotel reservations booked through our network, as posted on http://reserve.turnpikeinfo.com.
 
INFORMATION WE GATHER FROM VISITORS
At no time are any names, addresses, emails, telephone numbers or other, similar contact information gathered from users without direct user input and consent. When this information is gathered, it is entered manually by a user on a form. See the "Forms and Purchases" section below for  clarification.
In common with other websites, we keep log files  stored on the website's server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, the network used by the visitor, if provided by the network, the browser utilized, the device used, any referring page,  the time of the visit, and the pages visited.
Third-party analytics are used to record  pages visited by users, where those users are located and what devices and browsers are being used. These third-party analytics may gather additional information about presumptive age, gender, income, marital status, ethnicity, nationality and other demographic data used to analyze and quantify visitor behavior and trends.
 
COOKIES
Cookies are digital signature files that are stored by your web browser to allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings, but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.
Third-party advertising companies and analytics sites may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
It is these cookies that store the data gathered, either by TURNPIKE or third parties.
All the cookies that are utilized by TURNPIKE or by third-parties may be deleted by removing same from each browser on each device used to visit the website.
 
WHY DOES TURNPIKEINFO.COM NEED THIS DATA?
TURNPIKE uses this data in order to understand how users utilize and interact with the content and data on the website. Knowing the type of content our visitors use, and understanding how users in different regions make use of that data, provides TURNPIKE the information required to concentrate development  on areas of greatest consumer and user interest and demand. By knowing which devices and browsers our visitors use most, we can maintain compatibility requirements to serve properly the content delivered by the website.
Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. These cookies may include form data previously entered by the user for email communications or to consummate a sale, or it may include, inter alia, data about the user's most recent visit to the website.
 
ADVERTISER NETWORKS
Third-party advertisers, served via the AdSense ad network, make use of data gathered via cookies utilized by AdSense and its partners for the personalization of advertising. These personalized ads may be served to North American visitors, particularly in the United States.
 
FORMS AND PURCHASES
Where email forms or puchase forms are used, the information provided voluntarily by the visitor may be stored in a database on the server utilized by TURNPIKE. This is particularly true when a sale is consummated. This data is maintained in perpetuity, either in said database, which is located on a web server, or in the form of digital backup or a SQL archive file, both of which may be maintained in digital format at our media offices in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
Emails sent to TURNPIKE, either via the visitor email form on the /contact.php page, or via order notifications triggered by the order form pages at /orders/order-form.php, are maintained by TURNPIKE on its own servers as well as a third-party email server used by TURNPIKE.
Information contained on the any forms submitted through this website will be retained by RODAN and TURNPIKE, in perpetuity, for internal use and to consummate any purchase of goods or services.
This information we save does not include any payment information on the part of the user, even when a purchase is made. All payment information is encrypted and sent to our payment processors, either Stripe, Paypal or other third-party vendor as may be used, from time to time.
This site does not RETAIN any credit card information from its users for any products or services purchased. All information regarding payment for products and services is gathered by our third-party payment processors, and only when necessary to consummate a purchase. Please refer to the privacy policies of our third-party affiliates and vendors for further information about how your credit card information is handled.
 
EMAIL AND COMMUNICATION
 
WHERE IS COLLECTED DATA PRESERVED?
Data gathered by TURNPIKE, and third-party analytics data that TURNPIKE may preserve, are maintained either on its web servers or at its Fort Lauderdale, Florida media offices or at a  third-party storage facility used by TURNPIKE for storage and archive purposes.
In the case of data collected by the TURNPIKE web server, not by third-party analytics, these data are maintained on the server, in perpetuity, and may, from time to time, be copied and preserved by TURNPIKE to its local offices.
In the case of data that is copied from TURNPIKE's server or from third-party analytics sources, data are stored either at the Fort Lauderdale media office or on digital storage devices that are preserved in a climate-controlled storage facility in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.
 
WHO HAS ACCESS TO THE DATA?
 
CONTACT INFORMATION
If you have any questions regarding the policies and terms on this website, please contact the duly appointed registered agent of RODAN at drg@rodanmedia.net .
 
 
NOTICES
Turnpikeinfo.com is not affiliated with any government agency. We do work with government agencies to provide you with accurate information or to cooperate with law enforcement.
All product and company names and logos are trademarks ( ™ ) or registered ( ® ) trademarks of their respective holders. Their Use does not imply any affiliation with or endorsement by them.
WEBSITE CONTACTS
HOTEL BOOKINGS
